i can not speak specifically to the defy , but if you have got the stock android contacts app and you are syncing to google , you can tell the phone which groups to display . from the contacts app Menu | Display options | {account} . then check the groups you want to see , and the uncheck the ones you do not . " my contacts " is going to be pretty much everything under your account . if memory serves , this is only for display ; the contact info is still on the phone .
i found dialer one which works exactly how i want : display in the contact list only the groups i want to display , with a big phone icon on the right to initiate the call .
hang on a second , you wanted to hard reset your phone because your splash screen did not look like the one on youtube ? it is very common for carriers to change things like splash screens . you do not say where you bought your phone or who your carrier is . can not tell you if it is a fake . if it is legit , you do not say if you bought your phone new or used or if you or a previous owner has rooted it and flashed a custom rom . that would almost certainly change your boot splash screen . i have never owned an android phone that required pushing the back button during a hard reset . here is the only method of hard resetting that i have ever needed : from the main home screen , tap menu tap settings , then privacy tap factory data reset tap reset phone enter your password if required , then tap erase everything to confirm
out of the 3 android phones i have had , one had an " android " startup splash screen , one had a manufacturer startup splash screen , and one originally had a phone network ( vodafone ) startup splash screen , but was changed to a manufacturer splash screen in one of the ( official ) firmware updates . all were bought new and legitimate with manufacturer/carrier supplied firmware . i do not think you can judge anything by what the splash screen shows , especially as this can be changed by carriers and changed in official firmware updates . you need to compare it to an identical hardware model , supplied through the same channel that is running the same firmware/os version . it is unlikely that a random youtube video happens to be identical to yours in all those ways .
because that website is providing an Invalid Certificate when opened . use chrome/firefox and add a security exception to open the page i.e. click on Continue anyway when prompted .
search for terminal in google play , the first thst appears has ssh on it , i use it to . it is made by jack palevich . i can not give you direct link because i am writeing from my phone . the problem is , i think you need to be rooted
the best terminal emulator out there currently is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm here is it is wiki : http://github.com/jackpal/android-terminal-emulator/wiki regards ,
this is a way of programatically installing apks the code snippet you are looking for is :
in Settings -> Wireless &amp; Networks -> Data Usage you should be able to uncheck the " set mobile data limit " . the limit will stop data usage when you reach the limit . ( you probably have this unchecked already ) . on this screen is where you can move the " warning " levels up so you will not reach them and you will not receive the notification . one thing to note : if you have mobile data disabled , the checkbox to set the limits will not be visible . re-enable it temporarily and you can dispatch the annoying notifications for good .
i know nothing about android development , so keep that in mind . following various instructions online , however , i was able to build the source and put it on my phone . perhaps someone who knows what they’re doing can come along and explain how it really should be done . until then… install and configure the android sdk . make sure you add the sdk tools to your path . i’m building this on linux , but if you know what you’re doing it should be possible to follow along on windows . you may need to run android and install various platform software for the build to work . i did this a while back , so i don’t remember exactly what i had to do . sorry . download the source code ( requires git ) : git clone https://github.com/WhisperSystems/TextSecure.git  enter the source directory and build the app . cd TextSecure android update project --name textsecure --path . --target android-7 ant release  cross your fingers . hopefully the build succeeds . if it does , we will need to sign the newly built . apk file , textsecure-unsigned.apk , before android will let you install it . running keytool will prompt you to enter a bunch of information , as well as a password . enter whatever you please , as it shouldn’t matter . copy the apk file , textsecure.apk , to the sdcard on your phone . install it like you would any other non-market application .
factory reset means deleteing all app and leave just the one that were preinstaled . for the ones that were preinstalled just delete their data , like contacts msgs etc . if you want to delete all data when you do a factory reset i think it will promt you if you want to delete exdernal sd card to ( external sd card witch is actually the internal memory that you use for your photos etc , long story ) if you do not have that option there then just go to storage and see if you have there an option to wipe everything .
if you thoroughly checked that nothing was left , that is a strange thing indeed ( and i cannot imagine it returned " by itself" ) . but as a factory-reset usually only deletes/wipes /cache and /data , the sdcard ( internal or external ) are not touched in this process , so oyu might have missed that . some devices offer to include the sdcard with the wipe/factory-reset , though . for a real safe clean , however , even a wipe might not be enough , as files still could be restored using appropriate software . so if you are selling your device , you had better make sure your data is completly nuked : not only " marked deleted " , but really removed and overwritten . to achieve this , you can use helpers like nuke my phone .
you mention dropbox in the comments area of another answer . merely deleting dropbox data is insufficient to cleansing its folders . you must dissassociate the device from your account or the deleted items will re-synch to the device when next possible . start dropbox . settings > unlink device from dropbox . if this was not done , or done improperly , i can understand how the recovery occurred to the phone .
is there something like : people app -> press the menu button bottom right ( the 3 vertical dots ) -> settings -> sort list by
samsung probably felt the " non-need " of this feature , hence removing it . you could either use apps from the play store such as " schemes " which allows you to schedule messaging , or contact samsung support via email requesting the re-addition of the feature ( i would go with the former because , one mail mostly does not make a difference against a huge oem ) .
i purchased 3 cheap mhl cables , same problem than you . this is the red one . 2 cables disconnect all the time , one works perfectly . the problem is the crappy cable .
you might want to check how frequently is it okay to let the battery discharge fully or as low as possible ? and a : although i was told to charge my android device before first use , it was already charged . ha… for this , which include corresponding hints . some basic stuff here , though : wikipedia holds a detailed article on lithium-ion batteries . for your question , the answer is mentioned there as follows : li+ batteries have a self-discharge rate of approximately 5–10% per month , compared to over 30% per month in common nickel metal hydride batteries , approximately 1.25% per month for low self-discharge nimh batteries and 10% per month in nickel-cadmium batteries . they last longer if not deeply discharged ( depleted ) before recharging . the smaller the depth of discharge , the longer the battery will last . batteries may last longer if not stored fully discharged . as the battery self-discharges over time , its voltage gradually reduces . when depleted below the low-voltage threshold of the protection circuit ( 2.4 to 2.9 v/cell , depending on chemistry ) it will be disabled and cannot be further discharged further until recharged . it is recommended to store batteries at 40% charge level . ( emphasis mine ) from that you can deduce : if the manufacturer behaved responsibly ( which we may assume ) , the battery was charged at about 40% when leaving the factory . assuming it took at least a month to get to you ( it was at store as well , so it should have taken that long or longer ) , and consider the fact you bought it 6 month ago , the battery was not charged for at least 7 months . self-discharge rate , according to the article , is 5-10% per month -- so your battery is pretty empty now , and most likely already about to enter the " dangerous level " of deep-discharge . conclusion : you should at least check it twice a year ( once every 6 month ) and make sure to charge it up to ~40 . . 50% when not using it .
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
sideloading ( usually seen as apply update from ADB ) is a form of adb push wherein the zip file , say ROM.zip , will automatically get flashed by the recovery once adb finishes copying it to the phone . the command you use on the pc is adb sideload &lt;file.zip&gt; chances are if you are using a stock recovery ( see if it says 3e at the top of the recovery screen ) , only official zips from the manufacturer will get through verification ; whereas third-party zips will stall at Installation aborted. but if you are using cwm ( or another custom recovery ) , you can pretty much sideload anything you want .
yes you can root your phone then cook up your own rom . the easiest way to cook up your own rom is to use one of the online kitchens such as uotkitchen ( http://uot.dakra.lt/kitchen/ ) or romkitchen ( http://romkitchen.org/ ) . then when choosing the status bar , edit it to suite your needs .
the device does not run on the charger . it will always run on the battery , unless the battery is not present . the discharge you see can be from just applications on the device running in the background . the charger stops charging the battery when it reaches full status . note that this may not be 100% , even on a brand new battery . my battery does not charge past 96% any longer . once it reaches that , it reports full and the device stops charging the device . the device stops charging once the battery reports full so it does not over charge and damage the battery . this is why you probably see that the battery is at 98% after leaving it on the charger for a while . it does charge full ( any probably to 100% , or close to it ) but then the device stops charging once it is full . it wont just start charging the battery again when it drops below full , because this can also damage the battery if it was constantly charging/not charging the battery .
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
for contacts and calendar entries , move the contacts to the google cloud with google sync , then activate the android device with the same account . note:if you created more than one google calendar , you will need to make sure they are all selected for sync on the phone ( open the calendar app , menu > more > calendars ) . not sure about notes/sms/bookmarks , although if you can get the bookmarks off of symbian and into chrome you can use chrome marks or chrome to phone to move them to android .
make sure you follow the tutorial exactly unless you know what you are doing ( well , unless you know what you are doing , you should not be attempting to install foreign system , like debian , over android ; the tutorial said it clearly : ) . make sure that the shell variables $kit and $mnt are defined and have the appropriate values ( if you follow the tutorial correctly , then $kit should have the value /system/sd and $mnt should have the value /data/local/mnt ) .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
from the sound of your question , it sounds like your earphone jack is faulty and is not recognising that earphones are connected . you would have to send your device for repair .
the youtube app has been and continues to be a laggy little dingleberry . here are a few things to try : is there the same level of lag when you try to load the video from youtube.com? have you tried an alternative youtube app like viral ? when updating to the latest nightly , do you clear your dalvik cache ?
no , it is not possible . an update by default saves all files and settings . but you should do a factory reset before giving it to the service people ( be sure to backup all files before resetting ) . to reset , goto settings > backup and reset > factory reset after you press ok , your phone will be reset and all old files , apps , settings , etc will be deleted .
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
try installing a new launcher app ( it really does not matter if you want it or not , you will only need it for a few seconds ) from the play store . once it is installed , press the home button and android should prompt you to choose a home app . choose the one you want , select " always " , and then you can uninstall the launcher app you just installed .
samsung phones that are running touchwiz ( samsung 's fork of android ) do not support native themeing , as is the case with other manufacturers such as sony and acer . you can check if you are running touchwiz by dialing *#0*# on your dialer - if a new screen appears , you are most definitely running touchwiz . to achieve support for the theme apps you see on the play store , you need to install or flash a custom android rom , such as cyanogenmod and paranoidandroid .
one current work around would be to create a draft in gmail that has the signature and use it in the mobile app .
the gmail app states that signature can only be in text form- no mention of html .
the gmail app does not support html signatures , like you noticed only the actual html code will be sent and displayed . you may want to try k9 or touchdown .
there is a solution for gmail for mobile browsers . when you do not use a mobile-specific signature , your desktop email signature from your main gmail settings will be used . but , not the gmail app . go figure !
go to the market and get the app enhanced email . this will allow you to do it . it does cost $2.99 , but hey i believe its worth it if this guy has support and no one else does .
there is an open ticket to the gmail application team via the android project to address this . please vote for the issue if you wish to see html signature support in the native gmail application . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17752
this is a known bug with android 4.4.2 kitkat . google is aware of it and are promising a fix with the next update . according to the google code discussion , simply killing the responsible app is not enough to stop the drain . a reboot is always necessary . uninstalling the app seems to be the only sure way to avoid having this happen in the first place . skype seems to be the most frequent culprit because its background services seem to interface with the camera , triggering android 's bug . it is recommended to temporarily uninstall such apps until google releases the fix .
you should be able to do this through an app called tasker . check out useful or cool tasker recipes , you may be able to modify one of those scripts to do what you want .
you could also use alarm clock plus , it allows you to set an app to launch when the alarm goes off . http://www.appbrain.com/app/alarm-clock-plusv2%e2%98%85/com.vp.alarmclockplusdock
i got two explanations : apparently after searching , whatsapp shows you online if the application is open in the background , even if you are not using it . if you think you closed the app , i can think of only another explanation , whatsapp servers are loaded and can not possibly update your status real-time . if you closed the app for some time , let 's say 30min ? and it still shows you online , then must be another problem , refer to this
whatsapp by default shows your status to your contact list - only . you have the option to show your status to contact list , everyone or nobody . this option can be reached by going to settings > account > privacy based on your question/scenario , it seems that your app is not working properly . whatsapp only shows your ' online ' when you access the app or are actively on it . if you close the app - but leave your phone on , the app should not show you ' online ' . i would uninstall the app and reinstall it . of note , i would use an app like clean master to make sure that all files associated with the application are truly uninstalled to ensure that you have a clean re-install .
these instructions are pretty hard to follow but should work : root insntructions
if you are using google latitude than sorry it has been retired instead use google+ from here
as @roxan seemed to be indicating , there is a legal suit against htc in which apple claimed a patent on this ability to convert clicking on phone numbers and email addresses into actionable links on smartphones . this december 2011 article says : apple also has civil patent infringement cases against htc and samsung . both asian rivals have also filed their own retaliatory actions to the itc and in u . s courts and this article indicates apple opened four lawsuits ( as of february 2012 ) against samsung for patent infringement , including the ability to make phone numbers clickable . so it looks as if other manufacturers may be rolling back this feature early , for fear of apple 's patent troll tearing down their towns and eating their goats ( and your ability to click phone numbers ) .
if you do not mind a small amount of simple programming , it is pretty easy to trigger actions from nfc using microsoft 's on{x} app ( yes , bizarrely this is a microsoft app that is only available on android ) . as long as you have already got the hardware support , this lets you trigger a whole lot of actions with an nfc tag , with an absolutely minimal amount of simple scripting . see their recent blog entry on nfc for some of what you can do .
the answer of cathrawn pointed me to the right direction ( thanks for that ! ) : it is possible with on{x} and a few lines of custom code . there you go : works great for now . i am going to dive into the on{x} api a bit in order to toggle the state and so disable settings again once i want to leave work .
i have been looking at llama . you can set actions based on conditions , and one of the selectable conditions is NFC tag detected . i have not tried this myself yet , but the program is pretty well thought out . highly recommended !
judging by the logcat , libc does not like it at all , coincidentally it does look like the wifi triggering it ? but this what caught my eye though : are you running out of space on the /data partition ? the omxcodec , which is related to the graphics driver , should not be crashing like that at all : E/OMXCodec( 136): wrong state to free OMXCodec 1 questions : try disabling the wifi completely , and check for stability with it turned off , any differences ? when did the problem appear ? was it after you installed a last app recently ? are you running some app that requires root and modifies the system - such as xposed module running ? what version of android are you referring to ? is it overclocked ? these are the questions you need to work out and investigate . last resort - try a factory reset or wipe cache/data from recovery ( you will lose root ! )
finally i found the issue and resolved it ! , the error was in the firmware of the device ( especially in the radio , do not ask me how did it got the error , cz i have no idea ) . the solution is to download the ota update and install it in the device . if the ota update is not able to install to the system because you have a custom recovery , goto cache\ and find the ota update package like OTA_PROTO_U_JB_45A_S_hTC_Asia_India_2.22.720.6-1.18.720.3_release_316889ltmnu8ffxfy8672r.zip open it with winzip/winrar/7zip and extract the firmware.zip to a folder . this archive contain the firmware files like radio.img,recovery.img,boot.img,hboot etc . now we are going to flash the file to the device if you are on an unlocked bootloader re-lock the bootloader 1 . reboot the device to bootloader ( goto cmd> type adb reboot-bootloader ) 2 . type fastboot oem lock flash the firmware.zip 1 . type fastboot oem rebootRUU cd to the directory where the firmware.zip is located . 3 . type fastboot flash zip firmware.zip now the firmware is updated and it will be visible in the bootloader menu , use the htc provided method for unlocking the bootloader
after trying all the solutions i found online , i found the one what works for my phone : settings> apps> all apps> contacts ( not contact storage ) and clear data . now contacts are saved to phone . i also chose to display only phone contacts , but without clearing data on the contacts app , it did not work .
you could try to hide all other contact stores from the display options under contacts to display and after this reboot the phone . it should now save your contacts to the desired location by default . if not , then lg has chosen not to include the option in their customized version of the people/contacts app . you should either wait for an update or install a custom rom .
you can write your own using this cam api tutorial .
in terms of jpeg to png , there are apps out there for conversion ( based off of a quick search ) , one of them being : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.valsior.resizer also , if you have a samsung device , i found this little tidbit that caused someone to save all their images as pngs : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2/669470-camera-saves-images-default-png-format.html . even then , they only save as this format after passing through samsung 's proprietary photo editor app on the person 's note ii . in terms of pure shooting in png , though , camera fv-5 appears to be the only choice . :/ hope this helped , and if anyone finds another app that can perform this function , i would be interested in checking it out as well !
jpeg with 100% compression quality is not lossless but maybe the picture quality will be good enough for you , here are two apps i know which has the ability to set the compression quality to 100%: snap camera hdr ( jpeg quality : best = 100% according to the developers website ) , trial here camera mx
i think this stackoverflow answer should point you in the right direction : all of the native code for an app is stored in the libs/ directory in the root of the apk . it is compiled arm or x86 code , or both . you can find it in libs/architecture_type/lib_name . so . you can dissemble the code with objdump or gdb . decompiling is a much harder task , but you can find some software that might work for you .
an apk is also an archive so unarchive it on a computer ( with tools like 7-zip ) and look at its content .
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
you can indeed , just hold down the shift key and move the cursor with the dpad/trackbal/etc . from the comments : the center key in the d-pad activates the two text-selection hands , which can be moved anywhere using the d-pad directional keys . then , pressing the d-pad center key again , copies the selection to the clipboard .
since the calendar app syncs with google calendar - why do not you create a " test " calendar , add events to that calendar and then delete the calendar from a web browser on your computer ? i just did this myself and it worked fine .
you can remotely install an app like plan b or androidlost from the play store website to try to recover the device 's location . your device has to be un-wiped for this to work , i.e. , your google account has to be active on the device and it needs to be registered with the play store . other than that you are likely out of luck unless you have google latitude enabled or some other security software . if you know your imei or other device identifiers you could try giving that to law enforcement or the the phone companies in your area , but in many areas there is no sort of coordinated effort to keep stolen phones from being re-used .
did you put these files in the directory , or did one of your apps ? if an app did it , it might have dropped a " . nomedia " file in there too . the presence of this file keeps android from adding the pictures the gallery . use a file explorer like astro to double check for the . nomedia file . you can safely manually delete it .
you can ' encourage ' the phone to rescan the sd card by unmounting and remounting it ( settings > sd and phone storage ) , or by using a little app from the market called ' sdrescan ' ( which essentially does the same thing ) .
this turned out to be a hardware fault which is pretty common on the sgs2 units . the vibration device is mounted next to the audio jack , meaning that it sometimes fails if the jack has been stressed . there is a short video ( warning : nsfw language ) that describes the issues and how to fix them . essentially it works as following : insert a cable into the headphone jack . lightly press on the jack , in the direction of the front-facing camera ( left , if looking at the phone from the front ) whilst lightly pressing in this direction , remove the jack . vibration should be restored . . . for now . the long term fix is to get the vibration motor re-mounted by a qualified repair technician .
the phone now mounts with multiple drives . i think the problem was i had never seen that before on my previous phones and just missed it ! ! : ( my home machine has a lot of drives . i saw one , and missed the second . one drive mounts for the phone memory , one mounts for the ssdcard .
yes , very easily actually . to make your s3 emit a wifi network enable ' wifi tethering ' in System Settings-&gt;More-&gt;Tethering and Portable Hotspot-&gt;Portable WiFi Hotspot . configure the hotspot ( name , password etc ) , in the Setup WiFi Hotspot menu . to connect your tablet to the wifi network enter the tablets wifi settings , and turn wifi on . select the wifi network you configured on your s3 ) . select connect . if you setup a password , you need to enter it . other info if you do not see the wifi hotspot option , then your network has disabled it . if you are rooted you could use an app such as wifi tethering - just be aware that this will produce an ad-hoc hotspot , and stock android cannot connect to these types of hostspots . there is currently no way , afaik , to create a standard wifi hotspot without using the stock android tethering system .
i assume that you have 3G/LTE connection on your Galaxy S3 and want to use that connection on your Galaxy tab2 , so you would have internet on it . ok ! here is the solution : on galaxy s3: enable internet ( 3g/lte mobile data ) go to settings -> wireless and networks -> tethering and portable hotspot ( the path and names may be different on your phone ) enable portable wifi hotspot click on " Configure Wifi hotspot" and define a desired ssid and password for your network . now , on your galaxy tab 2: go to settings and enable wi-fi in the list of available wireless networks , find your wireless network created on galaxy s3 , and tap on it to connect enter password of the network you created on s3 and then it should connect to your galaxy s3 and use its internet connection . more info : http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=168932 if your network ( sprint ) has disabled tethering on the phone , you may want to use 3rd party apps to enable tethering ( liam has pointed to one of them in his answer )
best way is to enable wifi tethering . bluetooth also works .
what i did is to root my samsung s3 and install a wifi tether apk file so i can get free internet on my samsung tab 2 .
samsung galaxy tab 2 and motorola photon you can get internet thru bluetooth
the only way that i have tried is to download go sms pro and delete the longest message .
if you use a headset when listening to your music , and that headset has a button ( usually for accepting incoming calls ) , you might want to take a look at the many headset controller apps at google play . they allow you to play/pause with a short single press , skip forward/backward with double/triple click , adjust volume with holding the button , and much more . as not every app/headset/device combination works 100% satisfying , do not give up on the first try if it does not work out " ideally " -- but try the next one . took me 3 tries to find the perfect match for my device/headset : )
here are some apps to suite your needs : tactile player – control android music player using hard buttons " tactile player is my favorite tool which gets the job done and i must say , this one is a must for any music addict who wants to change songs using android’s hard buttons or play/pause the current playing song . when you are listening to music and don’t want to unlock android’s lock screen , simply enter the following commands press the volume up button two times to play the next track . press the volume down button two times to play the previous track . press the power button three times to pause or play the currently playing soundtrack . it works and the best part is that there are no settings and absolutely no configuration required on your music player app . the only catch is that the tactile player app must run in the background or else the default music player app won’t be able to receive your commands via the volume and power buttons . " simply lock screen – replace android’s default lock screen and add multimedia controls " simply lock screen is a wonderful lock screen replacement app for android which comes packed with basic multimedia features . you can show clock , date , time and media buttons on the lock screen itself , thereby allowing you to control the order of songs that is being played by android’s default media player app . simply lock screen adds three buttons on it’s lock screen , so you can play a previous or next track or pause the current one by tapping the respective buttons on the lock screen itself . this one is a good choice if you are looking for a better lock screen replacement with added features . "
if your g2x is rooted , the easiest work-around would be deleting the tasker 's data from recovery . download and install android sdk and lg 's drivers for the g2x . reboot the g2x into recovery mode ( preferably clockworkmod ) , connect to pc , and in command prompt issue the following commands : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools\ adb shell su rm -rf /data/data/net . dinglisch . android . taskerm reboot this should remove all tasker profiles , including the " bad " one .
switch to the call you want to end , hit end . a few seconds later the other caller will " call you back " , which is actually just the other call resuming . it is weird , but that is how cdma signaling works . " it is not a bug , it is a feature "
i was trying to partition my sd card so that my rooted samsung admire could access the ext2 partition . i am using link2sd to resolve my low internal memory issue . i bought a card reader and used minitool to delete all partitions and rebuild them per my first post . for some reason it works using the card reader , but not using the phone connected by usb , even though i have done it 3 times that way with my family members phones ( all samsung admire ) . john thanks for your reply
what i would try the following : remember to try to connect to the laptop between each stage and if it still doesnt connect , go to the next step . doublecheck that your phone can connect to another computer , since my list assumes that the problem is on the pc , and not any settings on the phone . use a short usb cable without extenders , and use the best usb port to make sure that your phone gets enough power and speed for the connection . if you have a blue usb port ( usb3.0 ) in your laptop , use that one and use the stock usb to micro usb 3.0 cable . make sure your phone is up to date by going into " settings"-> " general"-> " about device"-> " software update " -> " update " in early stages of new samsung updates , you need to do it via kies . check for an update via your other pc ( desktop ) . open kies -> " tools " -> " firmware upgrade and initiation " reinstall kies and make sure kies is up to date ( under " help"-> " check for update" ) reinstall the usb driver . open kies -> " tools " -> " troubleshoot connection error " reinstall the usb driver manually . http://developer.samsung.com/android/tools-sdks/samsung-andorid-usb-driver-for-windows
you mentioned that you are not a us citizen , but do you live in the us and have a us phone number ? if not , google voice is not yet available outside us , and you just have to wait for them to expand the service .
there are some guides online about activating a non-us phone number on google voice . it usually requires acquiring of a us phone number , and installation of ip-spoofing software on your pc .
if you already have gvoice via other means , then the app should pick up the saved phone number from the web service . do not try to use your non-us number ( see onik 's answer ) . if you do have a us number , try to activate via the website instead of the app .
upload it to tinypic or any of the other image hosts . copy the url and put it in a comment on ' someone 's ' wall .
android scans your sd card . when it finds an mp3 playlist ( m3u file ) it looks for media files in the same path , if it does not find any , it deletes the playlist because it thinks it is empty . to stop this from happening create a file in the folder with the m3u file called .nomedia . this will tell the media scanner to ignore the content in the folder .
no , even though android is based on the linux kernel , programs for gnu/linux need to be ported to the android user-space environment . they usually require some source code changes , and to be compiled linking against the appropriate runtime libraries . you can find some command-line programs that have already been ported to android on open-source sites like github , but there is nothing like apt . the closest thing to an apt repository is f-droid , but that is mainly for gui apps : it is an alternative to google play for downloading open-source apps . i have already searched there and there is nothing like ps2pdf .
no . you can not easily install linux native application on an android platform . in order to do so you will have to compile your files with the linux kernel and not the java virtual machine that runs all your android applications .
upgrading gapps to the correct version ( i was running 10.1 gapps on a 10.2 cm build ) solved the issue . i did not have to reinstall the rom or anything like that , simply flash the new gapps over the old .
i had the same problem ( on a toro , verizon galaxy nexus ) , grey signal icons and had almost all gapps unable to open at all . most would cause a force close message when the phone was idle every few minutes . i went to cyanogenmod wiki : gapps and downloaded the 10.2 gapps , uninstalled all that were available in the play store ( from the play store ) and re-installed them immediately . once i went through and linked them all back to my google account and did a restart on the phone the connection icons became the familiar and comfortable cyan color . once i did all that and gave the phone a day to ' soak ' , it is running with even more buttery smoothness than ever .
this is because of the update not being done on a clean install . also samsung phones have touchwiz overlay on android which is a bit heavy . to make your phone fast do a full factory reset after taking a full data backup so that you can restore everything ! doing this would clean up any mess left behind by the update process . always try and do a clean install for a major update .
if you do not have data service at all on your secondary sim , you can not download the sms . since the sims are from different carriers , the primary sim can not connect to the other carrier 's mms service , and therefore the message can not be downloaded . the only solution would be to replace your primary sim with the secondary one , establish a data connection and download the mms . otherwise you can not download it .
i do not know if this applies to the s4 but on my nexus devices it shows up on my pc as a ' drive ' but i can not access anything until the phone is unlocked ( the normal screen lock - pattern/pin ) . if you have a screen lock set it should not allow access to the device until you unlock it .
this a policy enforced by the server admin to control the access to mails . it is a normal behavior . the client just sticks to the exchange policies . in other case , it is the operators that want the client to behave in this manner .
i do not think this is a setting on your phone or has anything to do with data transfer or memory consumption ( at least as far as your device is concerned ) . i think this is a policy enforced on your exchange account . exchange activesync allows account administrators to define policies on how email is delivered to and stored on your device . specifically , an email retention policy called maximum email age specifies the maximum number of days of email items to synchronize to mobile devices . according to microsoft , exchange 2013 allows the following options for this policy ( emphasis added ) : all , oneday , threedays , oneweek , twoweeks , onemonth htc has a pdf document that outlines the supported microsoft exchange policies in htc sense ( sense is your phone 's stock ui ) and this policy is supported by your device . it would seem as though your account 's administrator has set this policy to only allow three days ' worth of email storage . justifications for this kind of policy vary ; i recommend contacting your account administrator ( or whoever operates the exchange system you use ) .
seems that no special folder is used to store attachments - strange since i am definitely saw the message ' picture too large - compressing ' when trying to send an image via mms . i would have expected this to be saved somewhere . i will accept my own answer here , unless someone else can give some valuable information .
they work like normal shortcuts , just long-press the icon and drop it into the recycling bin , and then open the app menu , long-press Search and drag it down to the dock . edit : the dock in question is not customizable from the default settings , but it can be patched through clockworkmod . the most comprehensive customization options i have seen can be found here . the files need to be applied through clockworkmod so the device has to be rooted . just download the file you prefer , move it to the internal sdcard and apply the update from recovery . be sure to backup first , just in case .
this is something added android 4.3 and is featured on the moto x . the phone passively listens all of the time for you to say " okay google now " followed by whatever your command is . ( there is a special low-powered cpu being used to listen , which is why it is not available on every device with 4.3 . ) ( here 's a video demo by slashgear . ) i expect to see this more frequently as new hardware comes on the market .
there is no such thing as " closing the application " or " auto exiting the app " in the android application model . please see here for more info : http://code.google.com/android/intro/appmodel.html in particular , our model is that for the user all applications are always running all of the time , and we very explicitly do not want the user to ever have to deal with things like closing applications to free up resources . the system will take care of killing application processes when their resources are needed elsewhere , and you work with the system to ensure that when the user returns to your app it is restored to its last seen state . android browser is also an app . it follows the same application model . http://groups.google.com/group/android-developers/browse_thread/thread/4c1b8955ebfd5799?pli=1
if you want to free the memory used by the browser , just close all open tabs/windows : Menu &gt; Windows &gt; Press the X buttons . it would be nice if browser has the ability to save and restore tabs/windows , like every modern desktop browsers have ; however currently there is no such thing , therefore killing the browser means losing whatever you are doing in the browser . when you have no open window , the browser should no longer use up active memory ( although it will stay on memory until another application requires it ) . keeping inactive applications in the background do not consume any extra cpu cycle . free memory is wasted memory . for best performance , all memory should be used for something and free memory should be as close to 0% as possible . if android does not kill application when you close the application , then the task manager is working as designed . the task manager should only start killing apps if you start another app that is not already in the memory or some currently running app have a sudden memory increase .
maybe disabling the noise cancellation feature might work . . get a rooted file editor first , then from "/system/build . prop " change the "media.a1026.enableA1026=1" to "media.a1026.enableA1026=0" then do a reboot . see if your problem is solved . i simply suspect the android 's mic always gets enabled for the purpose of noise cancellation during calls/voice input . remember ! i do not hold responsiblilty for any failure . i suggest you make a backup and everything when you try this . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=6787214
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
android 2.2 also introduced a better just-in-time compiler , so the system runs quite a bit faster than before . features list here .
this is possible , if the phone is rooted . and i suppose it might even be worth doing if you can get an old g1 off craebayslist , but probably not with the device that is your " phone " . normally when you connect your android device to a computer ( or the tv ) and enable mounting , it mounts the sdhc card or non-removable equivelent . but that is not the only possibility . with some root level reconfiguration ( replacing vold ) the usb storage driver on the phone can actually be pointed at anything that looks sufficiently like a disk - ie , a physical disk , or a file containing a disk image . since there are also ways to get the linux underlying a ( rooted ) android device to mount a filesystem served over the network from your pc , you could now point the usb storage driver at a file on your pc containing a disk image of a fat filesystem containing the media you want to serve . ( there are some potential shortcuts to merge the steps , but it will be easier to get the pc-to-android and android-to-tv parts working separately first ) you would still have to create disk image files on your pc much like you now copy things to usb sticks , but you could automate that and only eat up hard dive space having duplicate copies in the images , and you would not have to physically move the usb stick .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
you are looking for some fairly advanced features . have you considered using a virtual pbx like freeswitch to manage your incoming calls instead ?
try going into settings > language and input and configure the google keyboard . in there you can turn off ' auto-correction ' . this should stop it from changing the foreign words to english . you could also try adding additional dictionaries . this should allow you to enter words from different languages without it detecting them as mis-spelt english words .
it really comes down to customer expectations . with ios , apple uses the built-in apps to set an expectation that apps will be " blingy " , with all kinds of eye-catching animations . if you look at android 's built-in apps , they are not so eye-catching : animations are subtle ( usually simple fades or fly-ins ) , they have a much cleaner , drier look , and they have very similar , familiar conventions about menus and transitions . this has set the expectation amongst android users that app-specific bling is much less important than respecting the conventions of the platform and integrating well with other apps . at the same time , the app ecosystem and the consumer market are very different on android . apple has a very large barrier to entry : you can not realistically develop ios apps without buying a mac , and a physical device , and paying a subscription to apple . this means that for the most part , hobbyists and small developers are excluded from this market . in contrast , the android development tools are freely available and support windows , mac , and linux ; there is no subscription to be a developer ; you can get onto google play for a small , one-off fee , or distribute apps outside of google play ( on other app stores or independently ) . for this reason , while android still has all the big-name developers you find writing ios apps , there is also a much larger number of small developers and hobbyists . hobbyists are much less likely to add bling or visual design features to their apps , because they just want to develop something useful . there are a lot of incredibly well-written and useful hobbyist and open-source apps , but they are much less likely to add visual design varnish to them . as well as bringing down the average amount of varnish for an app , this also feeds back into the consumer expectation that android apps do not need so much bling .
for what its worth , the issue stopped occurring after i changed the whatsapp notification light color to white . i think it might have something to do with the fact that whatsapp and hangouts both had the notification light color set to green . if this happens to you try providing a distinct notification light color to all the apps .
the power consumption is not noticeable . even a tiny watch battery can run a small led for a few days continuously . increasing the blink rate will not change the power consumption at all : what makes a difference is how long the " on " part of the blink is compared to the " off " part . this is called the duty cycle of the led . most led controllers use the duty cycle to control the brightness of the led ( because leds are not sensitive enough to voltage ) , so even when the led appears to be on continuously , it is actually blinking faster than you can see . you can see this by waving the phone around in a darkened room : instead of tracing a continuous line in the air ( like a sparkler or torch does ) , it looks like a dotted or dashed line . if you can keep the waving speed constant , and measure ( or estimate ) how long the dashes are compared to the gaps , you know the duty cycle . the only reason for the led to blink is a human one : to make it more eye-catching , so you can see when you have a message ( or whatever ) .
file expert will give you both on-device , explorer-like access to your files , and access over wifi from your browser , an ftp client or bluetooth . you will not need a separate browser-access app . it is well reviewed and free/no ads .
i have contact with other airdroid user and this is an known bug for the developer , to be resolved in future version .
what do you mean with the " internal folders " are also named " sd card " seems weird to me . maybe you assume /sdcard is a local folder ? which it is not that is the location of your sd card 's content . above , when you want to access your sd card 's content in your pc , it have to be dismounted from the phone which will make apps installed on it inaccessible . mostly you have to approve the dismounting of the sd card manually from your phone . i can imagine that when airdroid is installed on your sd card it cannot dismount it because it has some necessary files on it .
sad to say , cyanogenmod is not working on this model and will not work in the future too . you could find enough help from communities like xda-developers . one link that might help is : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293155 there are some custom-rom developed by members of xda . never ever ever ever forget to backup your stock rom . there can be a lot of bugs in these customrom . common issues found for desire aka magni are screen flickering , wifi problem , sd-card not being detected etc . i would suggest you to first root your mobile and try installing safestrap bootloader as your first babysteps before taking a leap into installing the customrom . xda is the only place where you could get this done .
if this is the new droid maxx ( 2013 model , motxt1080m ) , then it is already unlocked out of the box . just pop your sim card in and it will work . just be aware that the data will be hspa+ and not lte .
provided you bought the correct sim card ( straighttalk provides its service using all 4 major us mobile networks - att , tmo , verizon and sprint ) from how to convert verizon wireless phones to straight talk : contact verizon wireless . verify your account information and explain to the representative that you would like to unlock your phone for use with another service . pay your outstanding balance due and the early termination fee , if applicable . obtain an unlock code from the representative .
you can get official un-official and aosp based roms ( cm ) for the xda discussion here http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1002 the aio tool should help you install eu roms on your device http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2020737
this is an issue i have as well , it lies with the apps , whose settings override the default ringer and vibration settings . in order to completely disable vibrations you will have to disable them in settings > sound , and individually in each app . twitter app you will have to go to settings > and there is a notification settings sections that allows you to disable vibration . as an aspiring developer , it will be my goal to default to system settings but allow for customization , as it should be . . .
virtually all android devices have the developer options menu . this is stock android ; a carrier or device manufacturer would have to explicitly remove it . if they did , the hue and cry from actual android developers would be very loud ; some might even refuse to develop for such a device , which would have a negative impact on device sales . in ice cream sandwich , it is grown lots of extra options , as you have noticed . the developer options are mostly useful to actual developers , though some of them are useful to power users . for instance , " usb debugging " allows a user to control their android from their pc with adb ; that could be anything from side-loading an apk to rooting the device . privacy fanatics will appreciate " allow mock locations" ; when this option is on they can use simple apps to generate false geolocation data . and my personal favorite is " stay awake " which prevents the phone from sleeping or blanking the display while it is on the charger . if you are having a problem with these options getting enabled while the device is in your pocket , as in your other question , consider using a screen lock . in jelly bean , developer options must be enabled explicitly and a warning dialog appears if you try to enable developer options . this will help prevent you from enabling them accidentally in your pocket .
thanks for introducing pieceable . after reading your question i learnt about it and when going beyond , i found amazon 's test drive seems to have a similar ability . thanks to @jcisio , i found this answer here . currently the amazon test drive is available in us only . hence , i could not test and verify it .
i have found appsurfer . com to work very nicely for me . they are still in beta but in 1 - 2 months to come out with plans . . . it is free for 10 users at the same time at the moment and works quiet well . . .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
i found that i was able to remove the version of google maps i had installed ( which was 6.11.1 ) and downloaded and installed an older version ( 6.6.0 ) from here which allowed me to pre-cache the area i was previously not allowed to . but in the older version i had to go to settings , labs and turn on the pre-cache option and then long press on the map , click on the balloon , and then scroll to the bottom for the pre-cache option . i do not understand why downloading maps of certain areas is not allowed in newer versions . obviously its not a technical reason . is there some sort of political or legal reason ? other map apps can download maps for the entire world . it really does not make any sense to me . . .
your notes will be automatically backed up to sd card of your device , unless you turn off ' auto backup ' option . also you can manually back up notes to sd card . furthermore , if you sign up for online sync service , the notes will be backed up to the cloud storage as well . source : http://www.colornote.com/faq.html#collapse6 so you can check your sd card but that is about it . if you set up cloud sync ( which i think you did not since you mentioned you did not back up ) . . . checking your sd card is your only hope .
i would suggest you to mount your phone and use photorec tool in ubuntu . last time i did that to recover photos . . and it works ( assuming factory reset is as equal as formatting the device )
if you have the db files then the only way is to root your mobile and copy the corresponding db files to the location ( data/data/com . socialnmobile . dictapps . notepad . color . note ) .
as i know : factory reset => erase all data . it is good to make a backup . . but sadly the backup is not working all the time and is not working for all applications . i am sorry dude , you cannot recover your data . you could try at a gsm service . . . maybe some specialist can do something , but i do not think so .
as no " bullet-proof " system is required here , and at least some level of trust assumed , possible solutions hide behind the buzz . . . ahem , key-words kiosk-mode and child-protection . in short : you create a " jail " you are working in , and hand it is key ( password ) to the teacher ( let him/her set a password – of course on the premise to unlock you once the exam is over ) . options on establishing a kiosk-mode are already discussed in several other questions tagged " kiosk-mode " , so there is no need to repeat them all . you might wish to take a look at surelock kiosk lockdown , which should meet your requirements : one of its features is to prevent access to system settings . so disabling all network features ( mobile data , wifi apns , etc . ) and then locking the settings with the teacher 's password should satisfy both sides – provided you have allowed all required apps for kiosk mode . as the " dirty trick " to regain control would also remove all data from the device ( factory-reset ) , it cannot be expected you had do that during the exam ; )
a feature i personally find very useful is the possibility to jump to next/previous music track with a long-press on the volume up/down hardware buttons . also sometimes the available cyanogenmod android version is higher/newer than the official version of your device manufacturer . it is not bundlet with an abundance of non-uninstallable apps like most manufacturer-branded devices are .
the features that make me continue using cyanogenmod are : no carrier/manufacturer bloatware or hidden services to deal with . even custom roms are vulnerable to carrier bugs if they are not vetted properly for leaks ( a la carrieriq ) . far more regular updates than most carriers/manufacturers deliver , meaning you get the latest upstream patches within a much more reasonable timeframe . many devices receive support from cm after official manufacturer updates have ended , helping them stay secure . theming ability , particularly the newest versions which wrap it into a nice theme manager app . i can build it myself and examine the source , if i so choose . the extended cm settings like status bar tweaks , quiet hours , rotary lockscreen , and so forth . i like the look and feel of vanilla android rooted , not bothered by carrier updates that could break root , and some extra useful things under the hood ( like shipping with a sqlite3 binary ) .
the notification bar uses the global date format . so , just switch to the desired format from Settings ~> Date and time ~> Select Date Format . for the lock screen , use a lock screen app . search the play store , you can find many .
you have to remove each app shortcut and/or widget from the launcher one at a time . i would start looking into password-protecting the apps on the tablet as you would for a young child . see these related questions : stackexchange-url
simply removing widgets and shortcuts from the screen will only prevent the very unexperienced ( i.e. . those who never used an android device before ) from accessing other apps , and not even sure for them . if your goal is to prevent most people from doing so ( the very experienced will always find a way to circumvent your protection ) , you rather need something like a kiosk-mode . recoomended readings/references on this : deny the installation of apps or add new accounts ( kiosk mode ) -- another q and a here on our site child-proofing an android phone ? -- again a q and a at android enthusiasts kioware - kiosk system software -- an android kiosk solution kiosk mode on android with surelock -- also mentioned in the first q and a kiosk mode on android -- a blog on the topic google search on the topic german overview on app lockers ( google translate version of the same page ) btw : if you initialize all those tablets using the same google account , you can easily manage installations via your computers web browser ( just a hint along ) .
no . users are not allowed to write to the /system folder/partition . any sort of exploit or method that would allow this partition to be writable is equivalent to root access on the device . some other examples besides root are : " rooted recovery " which is a recovery partition that has more features than the standard android recovery ; an " engineering " ( htc ) or unlocked ( everyone else ) bootloader ; or a file-permissions exploit , which at that point you might as well put su and SuperUser.apk on the phone anyway . . .
you answered your own question really : is removing unwanted brand based or operator based app any difference than disabling these app from all application in settings ? to which you wrote : i do not find any improvement in memory too since these apps were preloaded in os and you cant use those space any way . disabling an app merely " hides " the app from your app lists and prevents it running in the background . but it still consumes space in the phones memory . whereas , removing an app deletes all traces of the app from your phone and frees all up related space .
as it has already been said : the main difference is that disabling an app simply marks it unavailable ( which can easily be reverted ) , while removing physically removes the app and all connected data from the device . what was still left open is : what do you gain from removing an app , that you did not get by disabling it – so it would be worth the risk of not being easily reverted ? space : you are probably talking about system apps here . those are usually installed on the /system partition , which is mounted read-only , and cannot be used by " normal ( user ) applications " . so removing the app itself does not give you space to " simply install other apps " . but still : almost all apps have data , which is stored in /data/data/&lt;app_package_name&gt; 1 . while pressing " clear cache " and " delete data " from settings→apps resets those , it does not completely delete everything . removing the app does . so you gain at least some space here . performance and battery : if you disable an app , it becomes invisible to the user – but the files are still there . also , the package manager still knows it exists . plus the app 's " intents " are still available : if another apps directly calls them , the disabled app still responds to the call . it also seems to listen to some broadcasts it previously had registered listeners on ( example : my lg optimus 4x has those bloated lg stuff i have disabled . nevertheless , after each boot i receive prompts from their " remote service " app to approve ) . that means , a disabled app can still be running in background , if called from some other place – and consume battery plus cpu , even bandwidth and other resources . a removed app obviously can not . 1 some apps also store ( usually " huger chunks " of ) data on sdcard , but almost all apps have at least their central data below /data/data .
in either case ( removing or disabling ) , the app will not be running in memory . if it was a service that kept running , like samsung 's apps , you had have lesser apps using the cpu , and that may improve battery life . if you remove / uninstall an app , you are definitely going to free up some memory/storage . but if the app is very small to begin with , the freed up storage is probably going to be negligible . if you disable an app , you have an advantage of being able to enable it when you need it . there is no need to download and install it again .
another difference that i have not seen mentioned here is that removing the app might cause problems with firmware updates , so i would suggest clearing app defaults , force stopping , clearing data and then disabling app unless absolutely necessary or your phone is no longer receiving updates anyway
undeleted my answer , though it is incomplete . i am aware that even with root access , there are certain things a rooted app can not do . elixir 2 , for example has a system add-on which allows the gps toggle to turn on gps directly through its widget . without this , the gps toggle opens the screen for you to turn on the gps manually . maybe someone else can explain . an app is either a user app or a system app . a user app is stored in the /data folder , while a system app is stored in the /system folder . to access either folder , you need root access . giving a user app root access means it can perform actions that requires root access , such as accessing / modifying system files . but what makes a system app unique is that it does not get deleted if you do a Factory Reset . it becomes part of the android operating system . related questions : what are the differences between a system app and user app ? permission is only granted to system app , in manifest - see the answer here
the speed of an upload , or download , is determined by more than one factor , and can not simply be " increased " . if the network connection is weak , there is little you can do about that . the speed will be determined by your upload speed , the receivers download speed , and how the communicating devices handle it all . as you are likely using wireless on your phone , things that can interfere with the wireless signal has also a lot to say . the more clear space is between you and the router , the better . even then , other wireless devices can cause disturbance in the signal . so the answer is , you really cam't , unless you know exactly what is slowing the speed down , and even then it is a gamble . what you can do is of course connect the phone to a computer , and upload the pictures manually from there . if the computer is connected to the net with wire , your pictures should take no time to upload/download . . . unless you are on a 20 year old net line , that is . . .
to easily toggle the portrait/landscape mode you can install the app power toggles from the play store . then add a notification toggle with the rotation control . once enabled when you click on the rotation control icon it allows you to choose between the two view modes ( port/land ) . being in the notification bar means you can almost always access it . i find it really useful !
no , there are other ways to copy files from a usb pen drive to a phone . according to usb host diagnostics , the n8000 can support the usb otg ( on-the-go ) cable , assuming you have the latest firmware . just plug-in the usb pen drive ( or usb stick ) into it . this cable will cost you usd1 or less . if you have root , you can use stickmount to make the mounting of the usb pen drive easier .
since wireless charging actually stops charging at 100% , daydream will not stay active . there is a open issue for this at https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=48980 as a workaround , you can root your phone and , go to a command prompt and type the following : su svc power stayon true 
this android police post has a link to the current market version ( note it is the standard market , not the tablet version which only works on honeycomb ) . if you download it from your device you should be able to use your appinstaller to install it from /mnt/sdcard/download/ .
as an alternative , you can get apps from 1mobile market instead : download the apk from cnet to your pc . when it asks you if you want to open or save , save it , and remember where it is saved . then connect your tablet to your pc/laptop via usb go to where you have saved the file and right click it , then send to your android . on your android you will find a new icon called '1mobilemarket ' . use this to download apps instead of google play .
i have posted the question on same link shown in question . till that i tried everything format sd card totally , also tried different roms of ics still it was not worked . then as in reply i got on that forum saying install gingerbread rom then root it , use ota root keeper and upgrade . so i did similar to that i installed gingerbread . then i formatted all using cwm . then i installed new ics refrec v2 rom . and then after i tried to root it . and it worked . hope so if anyone face the same problem they can downgrade to gb then again move to ics to root it after flash if their favorite rom does not come rooted . : )
the salsa is supported by the official htcdev bootloader unlock process while this does not make your phone s-off ( which would allow overwriting things like the radio software ) , it does make enough of the partitions writable to install custom recoveries like clockworkmod , root the device ( by installing rooting packages like superuser or supersu ) , and install custom roms that do not need updated bootloaders ( the vast majority ) .
i use astro player ( beta ) for this . it allows settings from 5% to 200% , and can adjust pitch . see ' playback speed ' setting on the options menu . note this operation is warned as an " experimental mode " and unstable , but i have used it successfully .
astro player supports speed up playback up to 6x with the same pitch .
i wrote osplay , which does this as its main feature . i consider it a stable product and am now only issuing bugfixes .
i have used the free audio speed changer but did also buy astor player
rockbox has a very early port to android that allows speeding up an mp3 once the timestrech option is enabled . the port is very functional , but the ui and integration with android still leave much to be desired . jon corbet of lwn did a good summary article a few weeks ago . the most important piece of advice before using it : imagine that your screen is a 3x3 grid , where the middle is used as the selector , left-right-up-down are used as cursor keys . the other directions have special functions in some screens , e.g. in now playing screen with the upper left you can access some playback mode settings . having previously enjoyed rockbox on a several previous sansa players , i personally excuse the ui shortcomings and use it when playing long stretches of podcasts . i like that set the playback speed ( independant of the pitch ) from 50% of the original speed to ( at least ) 200% . in increments of a tenth of a percent . depending on the subject and the speed with which people speak , i will listen to a podcasts at 175% , 166% , 150% , 133% , or 125% .
try using a system monitor tool that shows the activity of the disk/processes . in windows you can use resource monitor , other systems , such as linux vary . the general idea is to know that there is some data being read/written from the system to the android device .
background data is anything that involves mobile data or wi-fi ; it will use whichever is enabled ( i think wi-fi has higher preference ) . this includes autosync , background polling , notifications , and other similar operations that will access mobile data . assuming you do not have any task / data killer that runs in the background when your phone sleeps , the mms will be sent you do not need to have the messaging app open . however , if the sending fails ( after a certain number of retries ) , it will fail and you will have to resend it manually . update #1: autosync depends on background data . if background data is disabled , autosync is also disabled . autosync is used by accounts defined in settings ( in s4 , System Settings &gt; Accounts ) . but it is also possible to have background data enabled , and autosync disabled . in this case , apps could poll and show notifications ( e . g . twitter ) .
you can install go contacts ex . one of its features is Quick find: by any letter, name, company, keyword .
just found my answer . in people app go to Menu &gt; Settings and tap on the setting Search contacts by . there mark the option of Company as selected . there you go : )
if you want easy root access and developer support , it would be a good idea to get a well known android device from the likes of samsung/htc/sony , etc . i do not think there is good support for niche and low volume tablets . sorry to be the bearer of bad news . edit : you can do something like this : look up the odm of your tablet . it probably is some chinese no-label company . see other tablets which are based on it and check if you could root them .
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
it sounds like a defective unit . i would send it in for warranty replacement . if it is getting warm while plugged in the power is shorting out the unit causing it to show no life but receive power .
the lgpl license might be problematic for this use , but you might start with andpdf and strip the features you do not want .
your version of android may not have a ping service as one of it is utilities , so trying to ping your device might not work . regardless , you should be able to navigate directly to your device 's storage from your pc 's file manager by running an android app like samba .
ping is most basic network service provided by all modern devices . non availability of ping service is rare and that is also the case of ping being turned off manually by users . so , its most likely that your firewall on pc is blocking outbound traffic to the android device in the network . disable the firewall on pc temporarily and test . if you have firewall installed on android device , disable it there too . if firewall was the problem , allow all outbound traffic to all ports of android device 's ip ( you may restrict to ports in use ) . if firewall was installed on android device , do the same thing for inbound traffic .
try using airdroid https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sand.airdroid this should help you to manage files on your android device through wifi .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts and Settings , click on the account that you do not know the password and then click the Remove Account button on the bottom . so next time you open up android market you will be prompted to type in a new account
you receive updates from the carrier . you can circumvent this by rooting your phone and installing a custom rom ( or stock rom , if available ) to get the latest version of android .
phones always use more data than normal in the first day or so , particularly if you did not connect it to wifi while it was being set up . things that happen in the first day will be checking for ( and downloading and installing ) os updates ( which can be large ) , downloading and installing new apps ( some of which could be large ) , syncing data down from the cloud to apps for the first time , syncing data and apps down from backed up android data to your device . you might also want to see these previous questions for more info : how to monitor the amount of data traffic ? minimizing data usage for users with data caps
well , i am guessing you went to the " data usage " option in the settings menu in order to find out how much data has been transferred . if so , this screen will also list each of the applications that participated in that transfer and how much each one has transferred . look for the one ( s ) that did most of this huge transfer . if they are non-standard apps ( like chrome , maps , etc ) , disable them : settings-> apps-> all , click on app , click " disable " and " force stop " . or better yet just uninstall them . if they are standard apps , but you thing they are doing a lot more transfer than they should ( i.e. . chrome transferring 1 gb in one day ) you may have some virus or exploit or something like that . in that case you could try one ofthe av programs : https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=android+antivirushl=en though i have never tried any of those myself so i can not tell you how good they are . one other way to go in this situation is to wipe out everything ( do a factory reset ) .
i finally found the solution , the problem is from apps running in the background . i ' . m using the s4 on android 4.2.2 this fixed the problem for me got to settings\connections\data usage scroll and you will see all app 's running and their offending data usage on the right of the screen . in my case vmyeyepro was using large amounts of background data 1.2gb in a week . tap on the app scroll to the bottom and you will see restrict background data put a tick in this box and voilà jobe done
try this : menu - settings - content settings - website settings from there you can clear data for individual sites . if that does not work , maybe look into remote usb debugging : https://developers.google.com/chrome-developer-tools/docs/remote-debugging
you can not clear website settings . this is a major oversight in my opinion .
8pen has now answered this at their official support site : you are right , in the early version of the 8pen from november 2010 , we included a popup window . it is now removed , but we are considering putting it back again , as you are not the only one requesting this feature . by the way , are you aware of the game "8pen wordcup " , available for free on the market ( http://goo.gl/qvpiw ) ? that should get you quickly up and running with the new layout , so you will not need to be looking for letters all the time .
have you tried using adb from the android sdk to connect to the device ? i believe it is the same protocol also used when the os is running and connected via usb .
the problem is that you are missing the adb recovery driver . you might consider trying koush 's universal usb driver installer -- it solved this very problem by installing the missing drivers .
i managed to get it working using windows 7 to root it . ( following the step-by-step guide without modifications ) . the order of things i tried in windows 8.1 , each time attempting the rooting process : swapped usb ports enabled developer mode enabled usb debugging mode reset everything to factory settings swapped usb ports enabled developer mode enabled usb debugging mode and i had repeatedly re-installed device drivers using samsung kies 3 during the above . nothing worked . so maybe it is just windows 8.1 that stopped things working .
textmaker mobile is the only word processor that lets you open / save .odt - plus plenty of other formats , and you may convert one into another . this app is full of features , e.g. , including a very good on-the-fly spell checker , footnotes , endnotes , comments , track changes , embedding of any font , access to several file hosting services etc . , all truetype and opentype fonts can be embedded , it has a broad range of formatting and layout options , access and so much more .
currently there is no such software . however , the libreoffice team is working on an app . a prototype was reviewed e.g. here , if you want to take a look . no release date so far , but it will hopefully hit the market soon -- it is really strongly needed , as there is not a single office app capable of working with opendocument formats ( aside from androffice , which is a spreadsheet-only app and obviously discontinued , as it is no longer listed on the playstore ) . until then : there is a viewer app available at least , openoffice document reader . . . update : meanwhile , things have changed , and you have the choice between andropen office and textmaker mobile for read/write access , as well as coffice and the already mentioned opendocument reader for read-only access .
alas , the UsbStorageActivity does not use an intent to enable and disable usb mass storage , so there is no way to achieve this using am . it instead calls the functions StorageManager.enableUsbMassStorage and `StorageManager.disableUsbMassStorage to do its work . as these functions are hidden in the framework , it is not possible to write an app to do this , either . as far as i know , there is no existing command to do this . it might be possible to write an app that offers a command-line interface and uses the bound system service MountService to call its setUsbMassStorageEnabled function , but that would be way off-topic for this site .
while you are on wifi , have a look in wi-fi settings > menu|advanced . it looks like it is easier when you are on wifi than when you are on a celular signal ( 3 or 2.5g ) . i have found a blog post here that seems to do what your asking , but you may need to have rooted the phone , or at least be comfotable with editing a few system bits and bobs .
the following was added as an edit to the question . it seems like it should be an answer . go to Setting - Wireless &amp; Network - Wifi settings press Menu button , and select Advance check Use Static IP enter IP adress , Gateway , Netmask and DNS Server 1&amp;2 of associated with your lan networks . eg . , for me , i use ip=192.168.1.100 gateway=192.168.1.1 dns1=8.8.8.8 dns2=8.8.4.4
aside from izzy 's suggestions , i also find clean master helpful in cleaning unecessary files / cache . check it out . : )
the chrome page in the app store says this about the new permissions : this version requests two new permissions , camera and modify audio settings , to support webrtc , an experimental feature under development . webrtc itself is designed to expose your camera and mic to the browser , so that web-apps can implement video-conferencing and other multimedia solutions in-browser . the webrtc people have at least nominally considered the privacy implications , by adding an info-bar to chrome : chrome on windows is said to have access to your camera and mic . so if you use chrome on windows ( and soon firefox too ) then you are implicitly trusting the vendor of those programs to not take pictures of you when you do not authorize it . the same is true for android . one hopes that they do not introduce security flaws that allow unauthorized access to the camera/mic by malicious websites . as to what you can do about it , on a rooted phone you can uninstall chrome or install a permissions-control app that denies permissions to installed apps . you can switch to a different browser that does not support webrtc . otherwise you are stuck with what android provides . if you decide that you trust microsoft or apple more than google , you can switch . or maybe you trust an open-source android variant like cyanogenmod . for myself i consider the fact that google already has a bunch of apps on my phone which have access to my camera and mic , so if google wanted to spy on me they already can . heck , they could build that right into the os and just not tell anyone . google apps that can access the camera/mic : search voice search plus translate drive shopper goggles youtube remote youtube not to mention the camera app which is built-in to the phone . edit : the question was updated with a screenshot of what the phone shows when you are prompted to update the app . unfortunately at this time there does not seem to be a way for app developers to document why they need particular permissions , except in external sources . for example , this chrome update states why it needs the permission in the " what is new " page . however , if you do not look there and just see the scary warning , you are left wondering what is going on . as an app developer i wish we could add help text to the permissions page to explain to the user why we need the permissions and how the privacy policy protects the user . google could certainly make this more usable and less scary .
you can stop this notification from showing up , but you will need root and xposed framework installed . so this solution is only for experienced android user . http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.mohammadag.disablecleardefaultsdialog
hangouts doesn’t use the green or grey dots that google talk used to identify if someone is online or offline . instead , you can tell if a contact is online or not if their profile picture is clear or faded . a faded profile picture means your contact is unavailable , and a clear picture means they’re online . one downside is that hangouts doesn’t support the “invisible” status like google talk did
just released today , version 1.2 says this in the " what is new " section : you can finally see who is on hangouts ! when you start a new hangout , green icons show who is on , and gray shows who is not . also of note : contacts are now organized by people you hangout with , suggested people , and other contacts . long press contacts in the new hangout screen to hide them .
the notification toggles are not part of standard android os ( ics , jelly bean , etc . ) some 3rd-party apps give this feature , although they are usually not very stable . custom roms like cyanogenmod and aokp provide this functionality as part of system settings .
these toggles are not part of android . third party roms like cyanogenmod and miui , and certain skins that hardware manufacturers put on android include that . if you want to have this functionality on a nexus running stock android you might want to try these two applications , i have used them both , and they are quite stable and useful . power toggles : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.painless.pc more quickly panel : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mabware.android.morequicklypanel
another app i would highly recommend is notification toggle .
i know this question question was already solved , but i have found another app that does exactly what you need : switchpro widget . maybe other users will be more comfortable using this app . you can fully customize as you want it to be . i am using it for some time now , and i really love it
the keyword is : " active display " . use that in a search ( a better custimized google search here ) turns up a whole lot of good candidates ( oh , and a bunch of not-candidates , unfortunately ) . it might be useful ignoring the ones from motorola itself , as they are probably intended for their device ( s ) ( checking can not hurt , though ) . just a few picks right from the first page : active display and battery active display are two examples of apps emulating moto 's active display on other devices as i wrote , these are only the first two candidates picked up , and there are probably several more you might wish to check out for yourself . good luck !
it is simple . download the whatsapp messenger app on to your tablet . it is free for a whole year , then you pay $1/year to keep using it . by default , whatsapp is not compatible with tablets , but there is a work-around for that . . . . . . right here you can also try line , which is another messenging app . also . . . textplus has the least amount of work to setup ( it is compatible with tablets ) , but it allows you to send texts and make calls . though it is not as good as whatsapp or line i have also tried mightytext , which works just fine . not sure why it will not work for your phone . . .
in a normal usage , low storage warning comes up when the internal memory is getting nearly full . the most likely reason for this is the applications count is on the rise over a period of time . to know what are the applications that occupies more space , you can goto settings-> applications-> storage use . you can see entire applications that are installed on your phone ( both pre installed and that you had installed ) . together with the name of the application , you can see its size . how to get rid of this warning : the only way to get rid of this warning is to free up the internal memory . this can be done in several ways . the best would be to investigate the above said list to spot the applications that you do not need and uninstalling them . the next best option would be to move the application to your sd card . few applications , they themselves does this during installation and few does not and requires little force . among the later there are few which are stubborn to work only on internal memory . there are apps like link2sd , apps2sd etc . that will enable you to move apps from internal memory to sd card . i use link2sd and i would recommend it . it is best to try the application after moving to sd card for its proper working . the system applications are best to be left on internal storage . sms/text messages and contacts do occupy some memory but in par with the applications , their foot print is quite small . could you post about the contents of those text messages ? sometimes service provider do send few text messages for apn settings .
many times it is not the apps themselves taking up all the internal storage , but rather data they keep cached ( i.e. . not your mentioned 5 text messages , but rather things like browser cache , temporary files ( though the latter should be gone on reboot ) , and the like ) . now while you can go to the place mentioned by narayanan to check all apps separately ( settings-> applications-> storage use ) for cache used ( and tap the delete-cache button where appliable ) , and you probably have to start that way as your limited internal storage most likely does not allow for additional apps being installed , there are apps around to ease these steps : eclean is a high-rated app claiming to automatically care for a lot of cache storage like app cache , search- and browser history and more , and even claims it can do so automatically ( starting an on-boot service ) 1tap cleaner is a similar , also high rated app 1-tap clean cache has a high rating as well , and cares for your apps cache cache cleaner is another high-rated app caring for caches and history many more apps are available on the play store , but the mentioned four give you a good starting point . of course , if you are low on internal storage , and run at least android 2.2 or higher , you could also consider moving some of your rarely used app to sd using app2sd . moreover , uninstalling apps no longer used is always a good idea .
in my case , the upgrade to the android 4.3 did not replaced my custom /etc/gps.conf file . it was edited by hands on rooted device before the android upgrade and stayed with the same content afterwards . answering myself : )
whenever i flashed a modem ( for my region ) on my phone , i noticed that it changed the values set i via fastergps ; this app can edit the gps . conf . so yes , chances are it will rewrite your gps . conf after you update . so , make a backup first .
* is being processesd by your zsh . there is no /storage/... path on your system , where you are running the adb commands . zsh cannot possibly know that you are trying to talk to an android device , so it is trying to expand the wildcards using local system paths . since that path does not exist , let alone have files in it , it is properly telling you " no matches " . you probably want adb pull '/storage/emulated/legacy/DCIM/Camera/*.*'  note the '-quotes . they prevent zsh from seeing the wilcards as wildcards - they will be treated like plain text by the shell , and passed in to adb as literal text .
enable usb debugging , plug your phone into a computer via usb for a couple of minutes and disconnect . - source you can also try a faster memory card , as ^ has adviced . keep some reasonable amount of free space on phone memory , move apps to sd card if necessary . android often suffers performance issues when internal memory is low ( much like any os , really ) . if nothing else works , try a factory reset and record it again . if there are no lags , it might be because of any resource-intensive apps you have installed .
have you tried using kingston class 4 ? if you can find class 10 , even better ! source
i found the answer quicker than i thought i would , it turns out i was using the wrong firmware version . you need to check the rom that the firmware is for , and apply it after the rom is installed . so my rom is sensation_3.32.401.5_deodexed which meant i should've chosen ( from here ) : firmware from 3.32.401 . x and 3.32.401.10x ruu --- md5 checksum : 74a8e07d40a42da1b4b56c224c42e692 *pg58img . zip --- --- only for 3.32.401 . x and 3.32.401.10x based roms
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
instead of doing this manually , use titanium backup pro . it allows you to integrate updates to rom for all system apps . so after installing this , long press your desired app and choose the option integrate update .
it may just be a software bug . have you tried formatting it with the phone itself yet ? else : the nexus one is now unsupported by google , so if this is the case you can only fix it by installing some aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod and see if this solves your problem . cyanogenmod has a device page for the n1 and a full update guide . if you want to try even more , there are also unsupported beta firmwares for ice-cream-sandwich and jelly-bean available on xda 's nexus one development forum from other developers .
32 gb cards work just perfectly on my nexus one . i have original rom which was updated once ota . the phone reports os version as 2.3.6 . i use sd card preformatted as fat 32 . you can try to format your card using phone itself , go in storage settings and erase the card . it should work after .
charging control is done via hardware to prevent ruining the battery in case of software errors . that is why ( most ? ) devices charge even when powered off . the status display that is then shown is just a " minimal os " that queries the current status from the battery charger hardware .
natively , there is no way to schedule shutdowns and boot ups of the android system . if you do decide to root there are applications in the play store that can shedule a shutdown ( you may even be able to make your own busybox script instead ) . however booting up will never be possible the way android handles shut downs because when android shuts down , it is not running . and so , there is nothing in memory to initiate any sort of startup process .
i have samsung galaxy pro duos ( ginger bread ) in which there is no feature like this , but my wife have xolo a700 ( ics os ) in which there is simmilar kind of feature by which phone can be switch off and on in scheduled time . i found xolo phones are more value for money in compare to samsung . btw ' phone schedule ' apps available in play store which can turn on/off airplane mode as per the schedule time given . but not found something which can turn off or on completely
. . setup a schedule for automatic device shutdown . . . i found an app named timerandroid in the play store . seems that is what you are looking for . but you need to have root access .
if you are rooted , disable your proximity sensor in a call . to do so , add following line to /system/build.prop file : gsm.proximity.enable=false . if you do not use proximity sensor other than in call , you can disable it fully . to do so , use hardware disabler app . but , make sure you have selected correct driver of proximity sensor , otherwise you will brick your device . to find correct driver of proximity sensor , you can either google or find it using android sensor box app . plus , make sure to make screen timeout period long . you can use widgetsoid app ( or , other toggle apps ) to make it infinite .
i do not think there is a way . the phone is like an app , it will run until it times out and brings you to the lock screen . it happens a lot in games and stuff when you are not active and the phone thinks you are away so it turns the screen off to save battery . it happens to me when i talk on the phone for a long period of time . you can either completely disable the lock screen , or keep it on . i do not believe that there is alternative . the lock screen does this for your own " safety " and there are no exceptions . you can , however , extend the time limit you have until your phone locks itself .
mainly there should not be any hardware problems if the unit was tested correctly . for other information you can use this application that has also power monitoring for gps .
first , you can decide what data you want to sync with google . in the accounts settings , you can disable contacts sync , and so only sync your calendar data , which would solve one of your items . concerning sms , there are several backup and restore apps available on the market . the probably most popular one is sms backup and restore . second item solved . as for your apps settings , and " etc " -- that will get a bit more difficult . if your devices are both rooted , it could be done using titanium backup . without root it is almost impossible -- except for those few apps using the google backup api ( you can decide to have your " data " backed up to google servers in your device 's settings ) . as each app runs in its own sandbox , without root no other app can access its data .
on 4.3 you could create a restricted user profile , and block access to the settings app from that profile ( and to the app you want to hide , presumably ) . if you are not on 4.3 , or you are not willing to create a restricted user profile , you are out of luck . hypothetically , you could replace the settings app with one that is programmed to hide the app you are interested in , using a custom rom ( or if you are rooted , by just replacing that package ) , but i do not think someone has already patched the settings app that way , so you would probably have to do a bit of programming to achieve it . such a piece of software would be very like what is known in the pc world as a rootkit , a type of malware , so you should think very carefully before searching for or attempting such a thing .
if you do not want to remove or deactivate the application , then either : you can install a 3rd party launcher ( like nova ) and hide the application from the app drawer . you can download hide it pro and basically you can anything in your phone .
aosp video playback samsung 's touchwiz framework includes samsung 's own video player for android . it is a decent player and covers a lot of different video formats . aosp ( android open source project ) roms come with the ' stock ' video player , which does not seem to have the wide array of features that samsung provide . samsung video player apk : i found a link to the apk for samsung video player . here is the player as you said , you would have to install vlc , mx or an alternative player on aosp to enable more video formats . i think the trade off of downloading an app , vs reinstalling the laggy , bloated touchwiz is an easy choice , but it depends on what you prefer . it would personal choice really . galaxy s5 video player you can actually install galaxy s5 apps on your s4/note 2/3 as well . this xda thread has the apk files for galaxy s5 applications , including video player added bonus : other samusng apps : this xda thread has samsung apps you can flash via custom recovery . however , it requires a custom recovery , and the video player is not listed . here are the apps you can install , perhapst he samsung app store would have the video player : samsung apps store polaris office touch wiz 4 hd launcher touch wiz clock package samsung task manager memo ( not s memo )
a workaround at least while in the main launcher home screen is to press menu and then notifications . else get hellostatusbar and assign it to a shortcut key . you can also try status bar expander which uses a long-press on the menu key to drop the bar wherever you are . naturally , ymmv as certain devices do not support these apps .
z-device test may show your sensor output : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=zausan.zdevicetest possible reasons : some aftermarket display protectors may cause that an earlier android release only switched the screen off via proximity sensor when held vertically . this would have prevented your described problem . ( see http://www.guytechie.com/articles/2012/1/22/galaxy-nexus-slow-proximity-sensor.html ) . maybe this behaviour has been reverted . if you updated just before noticing this problem , you might have to switch back or wait for another update to fix that again . installing a 3rd party update like cyanogenmod9 might also fix your problem .
the problem ended up being transient ; i rarely restart my phone . somehow it got stuck in ' on call ' mode , so the proximity sensor was enabled despite nothing being running . a reboot resolved the silly issue .
actually , i believe samsung has suspended the 4.3 update for now . have a look here .
connector a seems a u . fl-r-smt-10 and probably is for an external/additional antenna . u . fl , is a miniature coaxial rf connector for high-frequency signals up to 6 ghz manufactured by hirose electric group in japan . 1 u . fl connectors are commonly used inside laptops and embedded systems to connect the wi-fi antenna to a mini pci card . female u . fl connectors are not designed with reconnection in mind , and they are only rated for a few reconnects before replacement is needed . the female u . fl connectors are generally not sold separately , but rather as part of a pigtail with a high-quality 1.32 mm doubly shielded cable , which allows for a low-loss connection . ( from wikipedia )
as @axeman said , the connector is an ultra small surface mount coaxial connector ( quite a mouthful and still could not get how it was abbreviated as u . fl ) which is a kind of expansion port which could be used for any radio communication , including gsm , wifi , gps . and as @lie ryan said , the fourth terminal in the battery is for connecting the antennae in the battery to nfc circuitry on the motherboard . few searches in google confirmed this and gives raise to following information : those who have nfc in their phones , may lose the nfc capabilities if they try to replace with cheap and duplicate batteries which may not have the nfc antennae as said here . i am summing up all the points to make this question as answered . i was unable to accept @axeman 's answer as complete as it did not answer the nfc part and @lie ryan had added as a comment only . kudos for them both ! update : i happen to get hold of lg p500 's service manual which confirms the rf connector with the following image tagged as sw1001 .
using the trackball or d-pad for this is pretty accurate . you can easily go up , down , left and right with it .
if you use swype you can move the cursor by swyping from the swype symbol to the sym key . that brings up a screen where you can do easy cursor movements and text selection . also , you can correct words easily by double-tapping on a word ; this will bring up the word choice box .
yes - if you touch into the text on a word and hold , you will usually get a small magnifying glass bubble just above your fingertip that will allow you to drag your finger and change the cursor point . i say usually because sometimes pressing and holding will bring up the " edit text " menu that gives you the options to " select all " , " copy " , etc . if this happens , just exit out of the menu and try again .
touchpal input method has a ( similar to swype ) feature to do cursor movement , copy , cut , paste functions . you need to long press on the " edit " key ( that is the one to left of the space button , with the pencil icon ) and you will get cursor movements and edit keys keyboard .
any micro usb cable that has the capability of charging your phone does excactly that . i found a link on usb powering . the source is from 2005 but the issue remains the same . some cables do charge your device due to a sufficient power flow through the cable while others do not .
for what it is worth , i purchased a generic microusb cable on amazon for like $2 , which was advertised as being for blackberry users , and it works just fine on my incredible . i use it as my charger at the office .
my un-technical answer is no . i have a microusb ac adapter for a bluetooth headset that charges my headset just fine but will not charge my phone for some reason . i also have a retractable miniusb cable to connect to the computer with and it is fine for data but it also fails to charge my phone .
i would say it depends on the cable , but you have a fair chance to get your phoned charged . i have tested htc hero with 3 types of usb cable ( universal , bought with my pocket hdd and bough with my dvd-drive ) , 2 types of a gps charger and one type of a gps car charger . all worked well . : )
you can use samsung 's kies program . the link below describes some details of the program . it includes backup of calendar as well as most other content of your device . what can i backup and recover from my device using kies
the stock live wallpapers are actually apps found in the /system/apps folder . user installed ones are in /data/app . you will need to be rooted and have a root explorer to access these folders .
if you had turned off 3g , or even the device altogether , the downloads would have ' paused ' so to say , and would have been resumed as soon as a data connection became available . apart from that , there is no way to pause an app download from google play , to resume later .
there is no option to resume . if you stop you can only manual download later . if you did not pressed stop , you could just disable data transfer and , when connected again , download will continue . if you stop , the current sync state will be sent to the server and it will be ( without the apps that were not installed ) stored as the device final state after restore . and by the way , clear market data will not help ( tested > 5 times on reflash my desire )
i had this same problem . do not know exactly what i did but i removed the google account from my phone and re-signed in . then i opened the play store and all my previous apps began downloading . hope this helps
of course . open the clock app . on the bottom bar you will see three icons , one for alarm , one for place and one for menu . click the middle one . select the cities you want and those time will be added to the clock .
based on a google search it is either an allwinner a13 tablet or one of it is clones , but i can not be sure , since the model number is pretty generic for cheap chinese tablets . some specs can be found on slatedroid .
super easy : go to all settings about device ( in my case about phone ) then you should see where it says Model Number that is your device . mine says : droid razr m as the model number ( not really a number but whatever ) . a quick google search will give you the specs you want . just search for your model + " specs " and you should be able to find it pretty easily . edit : if the model number did not give you enough info , try searching the model number along with the system version , it might give you more information . you could also use the screen size specified in the hardware information to narrow your results .
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
download the app cpu identifier , it will tell you all thee info about your device
most often the phone simply recognizes that the flash needs to be completed , and refuses to enter most modes until it is . so , first check and see if odin will see the phone regardless of what is on the screen . otherwise : remove the battery , then re-insert and try to get into download mode again . if that fails , then remove the battery and , while holding the key combo for download mode , re-insert the battery . if that fails , plug into usb and try both of the above . if that fails , try all 4 of the above with different key combinations . the most common that might trigger something : home + voldown + power home + volup + power voldown + volup + power voldown + power volup + power
use titanium backup pro ( paid ) . it can restore individual apps+data from cwm backups ! it clearly colors data containers with green . and , names of container which keep contacts etc . vary as per android version and manufacturer , but they are generally human readable . keep green color in mind . if you find contacts which is not colored with green , its app . . not data container .
usb devices are designed to use a wide variety of voltages ranging from 500ma to 1500ma and have been standardized for quite some time . you can generally plug any usb device into any usb cable and into any usb port , and nothing will blow up . using a more powerful charger should speed up battery charging , while using a less powerful one will just charge slower . a good resource for this topic can be found here . as noted in that article , the only real concern is when charging an older phone with a newer charger , as the battery might not be able to handle the higher current . in your cause your using an older charger with a new phone , so your all good .
i have sort of successfully enabled call recording of both inbound and out bound using callrecorder and alsa . the problem i have is callrecorder crashes multiple times during the phone call and restarts another session .
the issue is related to , as far as i know , cyanogenmod policies . . in some countries call recording is illegal and therefore cm team has not implemented this feature . it is really annoying because the issue applies to certain ( but not all ) regions of the world . i do hope that cm developers will come up with some sort of hack in the future . for now i am using auto call recorder ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appstar.callrecorder ) and using mic as a source . the volume of inbound audio is very low unless the mic is turned on during the call . call recording is the only feature i lack in cm . . .
each vendor is able to customize android to suite their whimsy . i am using a $250usd toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . the others need adapters , not available at radioshack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the crappy $75usd curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . so basically , your mileage may vary from mfr to mfr , and tabbly to tabbly . good luck ! -dave
as of google+ 4.3 you can select which local folder are included in auto backup .
the error stating that the avd 's config is missing a kernel file is because when i checked the avd manager , the concerned avd had a red cross-mark against it ! once i repaired this avd i found that the error was eliminated !
make sure that your device has usb debugging enabled . what happens if you execute " adb devices " ? is it listed ?
buddy , i have micromax a-52 . it will not shows in eclipse on windows and linux-ubuntu but it is showing on linux-mint and mac-machines . i have not tried on any others yet . so its might not the problem with your eclipse and system or even with device ( it can be manufacturer 's fault ) . i can just suggest you to try on more options if available .
the only solution posible for using your phone for developing android apps is to root your phone . this is a useful link for doing that : root you phone tutorial
after a long search , finally i made my micromax a57 to connect with eclipse and made it to suit for development . installed moborobo ( all in one android smart phone management tool ) . perform stop -server / start -server using adb . reboot the device . restart the eclipse . device got detected . ( eclipse - list of adb devices ) list of attached devices : hope , this would be surely helpful . thanks
k9 ( imho the best mail client for android ) currently lacks this feature . if you want this feature , please vote for it without leaving " i want this too comments " i do not know of any other alternatives .
keep the sd card when you return the phone and put it in the new phone you get . contacts : you contacts are constantly synced with the google account associated with the phone so there is no need to back those up . media : pictures and movies should be stored on the sd card which you will keep . apps : you can back them up to the sd card with a 3rd party app or sign up for appbrain which syncs with your phone and keeps a list of all the installed apps . you can then reinstall them right from appbrain . settings : theres no way out of the box to back up phone and app settings . other : there are a number of free apps in the market that backup particular data like you sms messages , your call log , your apps . . . total solution : there are a couple apps out there that claim to backup and restore the entire phone . i actaully had the same exact problem you are having back in january with my droid . i used a free version of mybackup pro back them but i am sorry to say i can not even remember if it worked . its worth a shot but use caution , it seems to have some mixed reviews .
lookout should do all , or at least most , of this for you . ( warning : market-speak follows ) your mobile device is your most personal computer . it contains your personal data including contacts , photos , video , e-mail , and text messages . backup your data and keep it safe and secure . whether you accidently delete data , your phone is lost , or even destroyed--your data is safe . you can restore any data with the click of a mouse . changing devices is just as easy and your data can be transferred in seconds .
if you are rooted , you can do a nandroid backup of the entire phone ( it is like taking a snapshot of the phone 's data ) and you should be able to push it on the new phone so long as it is the same model . additionally , if you are rooted , you can use titanium backup on the apps on your phone : it'll do both the app and the data associatied with the app .
looks like a problems with the version of swype pre-installed by samsung , have logged a bug on swype 's forums at http://forum.swype.com/showthread.php?1343-default-currency-key-doesn-t-change do not think there is anything much any of us can do now except wait for swype to fix the bug and for samsung to push out the updated version . ( just adding this as an answer and accepting to get this off the unanswered questions list , if anyone has a better solution please post and i will transfer the acceptance over )
i would first try updating the phone with official kies software . download it from here , install it on your computer , and run it . the program should walk you through the upgrade process . if the above fails , you may have to go the hard way and follow instructions from here . this post from xda-developers forum has links to various region-specific roms , as well as instructions for flashing it via 3rd-party tools : installation : - download appropriate ics rom , and extract the . tar file from the zip . - download odin , open it . - select pda tab and point to rom file . leave re-partition , pit , csc , phone tab unchecked . - switch off device , put it in download mode ( hold down Vol Down + Home + Power buttons ) . - completely close kies and any anti-virus applications if running - connect device to pc - " id:com " port should turn yellow - now click Start - after reboot , you will see screen showng android updating , then will install some application . * important note : all the links and instructions i provided are for the samsung galaxy note international model - n7000 . if you have a different , carrier-specific variant ( e . g . us at and t 's sgh-i717 or south korean shv-e160x models ) , you will need to search for kies and/or stock rom version applicable to your specific model number .
if you are adventurous and know your way around odin ( samsung 's firmware flashing tool ) , you can go here to get the correct regional firmware for your samsung galaxy note . important : make sure you download the correct firmware for your device and region . for example , xsa is the regional code for australia . next , download odin from the same site and use it to manually flash your device with a new firmware . you may also need the samsung usb drivers for windows ( if you are using this os ) . go here , or here to get the usb drivers . after you have downloaded all the required software , do this in order ( note : these instructions are only for microsoft windows ) : install the samsung usb drivers onto windows . extract the samsung galaxy note 's firmware . start odin . shut down or power off your samsung galaxy note . go into download mode by holding volume down + home + power simultaneously . ( note : do not press the " power " button first or the device will boot up ) . then , when prompted , press volume up button on the device to start the download mode . connect your note 's usb cable - one end into your note ; the other end into a usb port in your computer , or a usb hub connect to your computer . back in odin , you should see a com port highlighted in yellow - this is your note 's com port that odin will use to flash the firmware onto the device . next , click the pda button and locate the firmware extracted in step 2 above . in odin , ensure that only the auto reboot and f . reset time options are selected . then , click start button and wait ( for a couple of minutes ) . once odin signalled pass , unplug the usb connector from your note and let the device reboot normally . you should be able to regain access to your device after it has rebooted . you do not need to use samsung 's crappy kies application . if you have it installed already on your computer , uninstall this useless bloatware . just use odin for flashing any new firmware for your samsung galaxy note .
it seems tethering on sgs2 on cm10 is currently broken , according to entropy512 on xda developer : cm10 supports tethering , however wpa/wpa2 tethering was broken on devices with bcmdhd wifi until i fixed it earlier this week . some devices may not have the fix enabled yet ( it has to be enabled on a per-device basis , since the " fix " will break devices that do not need it . )
i do not think the built-in pdf support can be disabled . i would suggest exporting and downloading the file instead , so that you can open it with and pdf reader of your choice .
try to force close the particular app/service that is causing this problem ( that is the app/service that is sending that message ) . and if possible , uninstall that app . if uninstalling is not possible , you may need to root your phone to either uninstall/stop it from starting on bootup/stop it from sending message .
android comes with sqlite . that should be adequate for most applications .
there are some packages on google play you might wish to check : bit web server ( php , mysql , pma ) ulti server : php , mysql , pma ksweb : server + php + mysql as the names suggest , all these are web servers bundled with mysql and some scripting support ( php ) . a search for mysql might reveal additional candidates .
try an alternative cable , some non official ( cheaper ) leads can break for easier than others and cause the phone not to charge properly , hence why your phone is making a sound and switching the screen on and off
you are ( not ) in trouble . or at least you cannot tell anymore by simply taking a look at the notification bar . with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) came a few design changes ; one of them was to turn those notification icons permanently gray , officially to be " less distracting " . so how can you tell if there are issues with your connection to the google servers ? according to an androidpit blog , you now have to check with the quick-settings , where problems are indicated by icons turned red/orange .
i faced the same problem when using my asus memopad hd7 . for home connection a static ip worked fine , however this was not acceptable . i did a bit of research and found out it should be possible after gaining root access to the device to delete the corresponding cache file . as i needed a fast solution i just did a factory reset of the pad , which resolved the issue for me .
i think its a bug . just try this it worked for me : first is tap auto rotation ( most important ) go to gallery > pick the photo you want > set as > home screen wallpaper tap the portrait like you did in the pic then keep tilting the phone until the blue box looks portrait . it worked for me .
try can try wallpaper wizardrii .
you can try using gosms app , which has an option to select the contact book and send an sms .
essentially , a lower signal strength will lead you device to use more power that in turn drains your battery faster and causes the device to heat . the farther away you are from the closest cell tower , more your device needs to put out a higher power level in order to reach the tower . transmitting at a higher power level requires more energy from the battery . an elevated power level causes your device to heat in result of the extra effort being conducted . if you are in a really weak signal area , try turning off mobile data . you can still receive calls and sms ( but not mms ) .
why ? when the phone signals are weak , the android os constantly scan the area thoroughly . this requires more battery power . that is the reason your phone gets so hot when you are in areas with poor reception . could it be solved ? that is the reason it is advised to turn flight mode on when you are is low-signal areas to preserve your battery life . is it a hardware problem ? yes . and that problem is common to all the android devices . so nothing to worry . why not iphone ? for the comparison with iphone , the specs of android device of each manufacturer varies from one another whereas it does not in apple deceives ( not everybody get to produce a device which can run ios , thanks to the apple inc . patents . ) as the android specs vary from device to device , it is highly likely that the battery performance will differ from device to device as well .
i am also agree with the point mentioned by @sid when there is no signal or low signal then system continuously scan the network that require more power from battery and it leads to battery heat-up . that is why it is suggested that keep airplane mode off when it is not necessary .
most android devices are not set up for peripherals ; it would take quite a bit of hacking away to get them to recognize them . that being said , since android is linux based it is entirely possible that linux drivers might work for your device out of the box . i would rate the chances of such as being very low , however . writing your own drivers is certainly possible , but again you had also need the internal framework in place for the kernel , etc to accommodate peripherals . and reverse engineering drivers is not easy ! as for your windows ce device , it is very rare for an other os to be ported for a device ( an exception to the rule : the hp touchpad ) . there is all kinds of major issues with reverse engineering from hardware specs , etc that generally keep that from happening . xda developers would be your best bet for something like that if it exists at all .
if you want to build external devices for android , look at the ioio project as a starting point - it has libraries , etc for doing usb stuff . the sparkfun guys have a board all setup and ready to go as a starting point .
you should never mess with the system without having a backup . to get root back you can just re-flash the rom that you are using without wiping anything . this will remove whatever happened with your busybox .
you can not change this . simple solution : do not shut down your phone any more ( except when it runs out of battery ) . if you switch off your screen only , your phone will go to sleep and will not consume much power . if it still eats too much battery , consider disabling wifi , background data , sync or even switching to airplane mode . as noted in the comments the logo is only shown to beautify the startup of your phone and to not show you ugly boot messages as some linux systems earlier did and still do . showing a complex animation does require some computing power but will not delay the startup very much .
as others have said , the boot animation ( samsung logo ) you see during boot is only the pretty face to the bootstrapping going on in the background . that being said , you can in fact change that animation if you do not mind rooting .
you may try to install keepscreen application from android market and configure it to disable screen timeout when your timer application is running .
the tasker app should be able to do this as well .
touch " applications " touch menu button touch " grid view " touch menu button touch " edit " now you can drag and drop icons to/from shortcut bar
*google now cards appears when needed . . for example : you went to shopping then google track your location and it will show a google now card on your notification screen as well on google now page saying that " you are _ km from your home , and shows you path to get your home back . etc . . there are many others like show you a card of whether if you went to some another state or country . . etc . etc . . it will show when needed and you manually can not get cards . play with settings in google now to know more .
on the bottom of google now there are 3 icons . click the magic wand ( middle one ) and select others . there find the topic and tell gnow that you are still interested . new cards will be added automatically once you search for them with google now . once a new cad appears tap the three dots in the upper right of the card and than yes when prompted if interested .
yes . just remove the sim from the phone . in the message settings of phone , it will show as disabled . restart the phone , and check and uncheck cell broadcast settings . then insert the sim in your phone . it worked for my phone , so hopefully it will work for yours as well .
setting - call - cell broadcasting - x
please open your stock " messaging " app --> go to settings inside messaging app --> scroll down and you should have " cell broadcast settings " option . click on that and there uncheck the option provided . hope this solves your problem .
in order to use those themes , you will need to use the alternative launcher adw . as it says at the top of the description : *Must have adw.launcher 1.3.1+ to use* http://www.appbrain.com/app/adw-launcher/org.adw.launcher
you need to add another file browser besides the built in gallery . astro file manager should fit the bill nicely .
this is most likely a carrier issue instead of a phone one .
" have you tried turning it off and back on again ? " honestly , i would just recommend restarting your device . it might just magically fix the problem . sometimes , if you are sending a message to multiple recipients , one person will receive the message before the others . your phone could have lost cellular service during the process of sending the message ( thus resulting in one person replying while your message is still being sent to the others ) . if restarting the phone does not work , you can try the dumb brute force solution : copy the content of the message . delete the message from your outbox . create a new message with the pasted content and send it . maybe another user can recommend a techy solution , but this should be enough to get you past this issue if it happens again . if it happens regularly , you should contact your carrier .
there are a few methods that exist presently ; this website offers a . zip file that contains a " one-click-root " type file , that you simply run while your phone is plugged into the computer to get it rooted . as usual , you will need to make the appropriate backups of your data . xda also has a how-to that is a bit more involved and uses some adb commands which will require the sdk . you will have to download the file on the page and then follow their method : put the phone in debug mode : go to settings > applications > development and check usb debugging box . extract the files from the zip below , connect the phone via usb , and copy them to the phone via adb like this : code : now we enter the phone 's internal shell , also using adb : code : adb shell then we take advantage of the " fake " root exploit : code : cd /data/local/tmp chmod 0755 exploit.bin ./exploit.bin now after that last command you should be back to your normal console , not the phone one , so we need to connect to it again , and doing so we should now see that we have root permissions since the "#" symbol is displayed instead of "$" . code : adb shell now we mount the /system partition as writable and copy the necessary files there , and set them with the right permissions : code : mount -o rw,remount -t ext3 /dev/block/mmcblk1p21 /system cp /sdcard/Superuser.apk /system/app/Superuser.apk cp /sdcard/su /system/bin/su cp /sdcard/busybox /system/bin/busybox chmod 4755 /system/bin/su chmod 4755 /system/bin/busybox mount -o ro,remount -t ext3 /dev/block/mmcblk1p21 /system exit restart the phone and check if you have root in a terminal by typing the " su " command , or by installing any other app that requires root , and seeing it the superuser app pops up .
have you explored the layers option in your maps app ? your saved maps can be shown as a layer . in the following image ( courtsey : howto.cnet.com ) you can see the " my maps " section . expanding my maps will show all your saved maps . it requires a data connection to use this feature . update : while composing this reply , i cross checked my input with the google maps app in my mobile . my mobile is running v2.3.3 and having google maps of version 6 . x . i could see the " my maps " section in the layer and i could overlay one of my saved maps . when i saw op 's comment that " my maps " was not found , i cross checked it with my nexus 7 running 4.3.3 and google maps v7.3.3 . it has indeed no " my maps " at all . after some search , i understood from this page that " my maps " has been removed - may be in favour of google maps for business . update : i just found a new app from google at its play store named " google maps engine " which seems to overlay the stored ( though not the old ones , but only the ones that were created with new google maps for desktop ) maps .
google finally offers the solutions : google maps engine can solve the problem and is free available in the play store
if you can tether mobile data of your galaxy nexus over wi-fi , you have full-featured ad-hoc network . if you are not sure , install wireless tether ( root access is required ) . after connecting laptop to this MobileAP , look for ips of client and Default Gateway ( ipconfig /all cmd command works fine with windows ; fing can also be used ) . ip of Default Gateway is ip of your android device . you can use these ips in any networking service you want . it works . another approach in ad-hoc networking , it does not matter which point is broadcasting ssid . so , you can make your laptop virtual router too . connect your galaxy nexus to it and do whatever you want . to make your laptop virtual router with nas support , i would recommend you to install connectify pro ( not free ) . there is a nice free alternative too : mhotspot . after connecting your galaxy nexus to virtual hotspot created by it , you can use any networking service over it .
the trick here is to use a keyboard app with pasting ability . i had success using both hacker 's keyboard ( it has a ctrl screen that you can combine with v to paste ) , and swype ( long pressing on the + ! = key and then in the four arrows key provides a screen where you can paste ) .
there is epub3 reader available on f-droid and github ( not on google play – though an app using the same package name exists there , it is not the same , but obviously based on the original developers engine ; long story behind that , not fitting here ) . its app description explicitely mentions this feature : parallel texts ( e . g . , original text and its translation into another language ) . find some screenshots here . picking one example : looks exactly like what you are after .
in order to understand if the problem is of your phone or of something else , ask your boyfriend if he sees a double-check or just one check ( ✓ ) near the messages he sent you , but you did not receive . if there are two checks , the message was delivered to your phone , but for some reasons it is not shown up . maybe because of a malicious application ? if there is just one check , the problem is on the side of whatsapp as messages are sent to their servers but not delivered to you .
imessage automatically uses sms messages for contacts who do not have an iphone , so the answer is yes : you chat with them by sending an sms message . apart from using sms , there is no way for non-apple users to get messages into imessage . the protocol is closed and apple does not have clients for other platforms , nor an interface for other apps to communicate with it . they designed imessage not as a chat system in itself , but as a way to quietly redirect iphone-to-iphone sms messages to use their servers instead of the sms network .
change usb connection mode to " mass storage mode " .
https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1065964 please add your self to the support bug posted above . this is a known kernel regression in ubuntu 12.10 .
i can think of 2 ways you could do this . bluetooth audio adapter , like the antec bxr100 . these are generally used for headphones , but should be able to simply connect into your amp . -pros : simple , cheap -cons : bluetooth , limited range , a2dp appears to have issues on android 4.2 , possibly non-optimal audio quality dlna renderer ( mini computer ( raspberry pi ( raspbmc maybe . there is a topic on the use of raspbmc as a dlan renderer here on their forums . ) or similar perhaps ) , specialized unit ( like the ( discontinued , though still findable if you do not mind buying used ) netgear mp100 series ) , or maybe a cheap android device ) attached to your amp , getting your audio pushed from one of the several dlna server apps available for android . this is essentially the same as apple 's airplay system , only a different , more open standard which will work with more manufacturers ' devices . -pros : almost as simple , will work anywhere you can get a wifi signal , possibly better audio quality than the bluetooth , could potentially be used to move video if you wanted to in the future if your chosen receiver has that capability . -cons : more complex , possibly expensive , new audio-only dlna renderers seem to be rare nowadays .
try charging the tab for an hour or so . connect the tab to the computer via usb , so that you hear it bleep and appear connected . hold the power button on the tab down for 10 secs . remove usb from tab . wait 5 escs . try power on . i had a similar problem and this worked for me . i think the tab has a battery discharge issue and turns off the display which does not come back up
i belive it is because you gained the data during the period wi-fi was activated , so when you swithced off your wi-fi , there was still some unread data you had not seen ( in the form of mail and g+ notifications ) . also i recomed , if you are seriously worried about this , and it perseveres , to turn off wi-fi via wireless communications in the settings app .
if you turn off wi-fi , but you have a data plan with your carrier , you will still be accessing the internet using your cellular mobile radio . opening the app and having it say that it is not connected to the internet could thus be because you have poor signal , or you have not used your phone in a while and it is been auto-disconnected from the mobile network to save battery/bandwidth by either the phone or your carrier . you can use airplane mode to turn off both cellular and wi-fi radios .
it is motorola 's default clock widget . here is a video that shows , how can use this widget in other phones
as far as i know , currently there are no android devices with dual-sd card slots . keep in mind though that mobile devices is a huge and ever changing market . there is nothing preventing some manufacturer from releasing such a device , if they determine that there is enough demand . not sure i understand the need for a second sd card slot , though : sd cards are cheap enough to not have to worry about them wearing out . newer phones support the sdxc format that boasts capacities of up to 2tb . ( 64gb and 128gb cards are already widely available . ) even with multiple sd slots , you are still technically limited in capacity , albeit you probably will not hit that limit for a while longer . it really depends on what content you are planning on storing there . obviously you would not be able to store a large collection of blu-ray rips that take 8gb+ per file on any size card . bundling a second sd card slot would sacrifice on internal space of a handset . the trade-off would have to come from other areas , such as smaller battery or other feature . i do agree that google 's push for " cloud services " ( nexus devices do not have sd card slots at all ) is misguided , seeing how most carriers are resolved to cap and overcharge of mobile data as it is . however , seeing how other manufacturers are releasing new devices with newer sd technology , and that technology is ( arguably ) getting more and more affordable , i do not see how sacrificing on internal space would be of any benefit to even the biggest space hogs .
this property comes from during build-time and is extremely , dependant on the wifi driver , for each and every device tree that gets integrated into the build of android , there is what is called an overlay , this overlay may contain extras pertaining to the said device in question . in fact , its rather , an xml document that gets parsed during build and " overlays " or " overwrites " the standard android defaults , such as animation speed , etc . this pertinent information of this comes from the device 's overlay/frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml which contains the very exact line : from that , that is telling the build , to say , that the property wifi.supplicant_scan_interval is supported and can be used dynamically from the build.prop file found in the /system directory , which in turn , is read from the android 's native binary executable wpa_supplicant . however , it must be said , it depends on the wifi driver to support that , and how much integration of the wifi functionality is within the frameworks . to find the exact source can be found in external/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.c , around lines 2459: default here on gingerbread is 5secs , again the mileage will vary depending on the version of wpa_supplicant used , there was two versions , wpa_supplicant_6 which was broken under ics , and the newer version wpa_supplicant_8 , despite saying that , it may no longer be supported now with the newer releases .
you might want to use sygic if you are in india . it comes with free maps .
+1 for the question , i am really looking for a good answer here . take a look at the answers for a similar/identical question i asked once on forceclose . from the answers there , i think navdroyd will be my choice ( 5 euro only , seems to have ok coverage ) , but i have not tested it myself yet .
i have not had a chance to try it myself yet , but i have heard good things about maverick : maverick for google android - code sector there is both a limited free and pay version .
note : many of these applications use map data from a really cool free map project called osm ( openstreetmap ) , which anyone can contribute to . osm is constantly improving , but in many areas it may lack information like house/building numbers . free : google maps google maps does have some offline functionality , but there are a few catches : the size of the area you can download is limited ( you can not download an entire us state , for instance ) , navigation will not work offline , and some countries or areas are not available for download . instructions for google maps version 6: offline maps overview for version 7 ( available on android 4+ ) : get offline maps osmand open-source , uses data from osm . currently only has 2d navigation , but one of the better free options available . mapfactor osm-based offline navigation . fairly basic but promising . navfree allows you to download maps for offline navigation , also osm-based . there is a separate version for the us . osm has maps for the whole world , but for some reason navfree only has maps available for certain countries , mostly in europe and north america . many others based on osm here : android - openstreetmap wiki paid : copilot live premium copilot live is a very nice , full-featured app , which will let you download maps ahead of time and use gps offline . the us version is normally pretty inexpensive . just make sure you get the " premium " version that includes all the features ; if you buy the " standard " version it does not even include basic features like voice guidance , alternate routes , 3d maps , etc , and you will end up paying more if you buy them as add-ons later ( edit : the standard version does not seem to be available any more , but i will leave this in case they put it back up again ) . skobbler gps navigation and maps osm-based offline navigation with a clean interface . there is a free trial available , but it does not work offline . the paid version includes 1 map for free , other maps range from €2,22 ( for one country ) to €7,77 ( the whole world ) . there are detailed reviews of many android gps apps here : android sat nav apps
i regularly use locus . it does not have much in the way of navigation support ( although i think this is in the works ) , but for off-road and off-line use it is fantastic . it allows downloading of maps for off-line use , supports sqlite and gemf maps , which allow large map ( 2gb limit for sqlite , no realistic limit for gemf ) tile sets on your sd card without wasting masses of space . it also supports vector maps as well as bitmap ones ( more coverage , less disk space ) . it has a very good interface and is well supported . there is a free version with ads which does not support in-app map downloading ( i think ) , although you can use your pc to download the maps . the paid version is not expensive . that all sounds excessively glowing , so i should emphasise that i am not the developer and have no affiliation ; just a very happy user !
have you tried backcountry navigator ? backcountry navigator it has topo maps , open street maps , and aerial photography . it has a 16 day demo and a paid license .
if you are looking for north american maps ( and european maps as well i am told ) , than i can recommend copilot live . it is not free though .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
for england and much of europe , viewranger is great . supports ordnance survey and other official-type maps ; also some open street map projects . but it is absolutely what i would use -- and do -- if i am hiking with a phone . for android - viewranger
google maps 5.0 now supports offline mode !
i used navdroyd when travelling in europe . i did not have mobile service so i downloaded the maps over wifi before setting out . navdroyd successfully guided me from slovakia to croatia through austria and slovenia while driving . i found it less useful while walking , good for orienting oneself , but not on par with google maps for finding points of interest .
maps ( - ) allows to store maps for offline use from openstreetmap , from opencyclemap and from google maps .
have you tried maps with me ? it has a lite ( free ) version and allows downloading maps for an offline usage . also it is very fast : in my experience osmand is much slower even with maps downloaded , although it shows more information .
what are your needs ? just maps ? point-of-interest data ? navigation ? i use mapdroyd , which is free and lets you download openstreetmap data . i see that they have some other products . navdroyd ( paid ) , which is mentioned above by @ripper234 does navigation . traveldroyd , which has point-of-interest information , also seems to do navigation based on the screenshots , but i have not tried it out .
it is a known issue that android ( at least pre-2.2 ) does not support import of . vcf files via email or sms , see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=3537 however , it does appear to work in froyo on my nexus one , when importing from email . as far as i am aware it is still not catered for over sms , and the thread above suggests it does not work for downloads in the browser either .
there is an app called hoccer which allows transfer of arbitrary data ( contacts , pictures , links , . . . ) by making gestures with your phone . it also works with the iphone but of course requires both devices to have the app installed .
if both droids are in the same room the following will apply - you can both install barcode scanner and then on your device , open the contact , tap share , then tap barcode scanner . this will generate a qr code . on the other phone , open the barcode scanner app and scan the qr code . the second device will be able to add the contact via the scanned qr code via the add as contact button after the scan successfully completes .
there is also bump . bump™ makes sharing photos , contacts , and apps with people as simple as bumping your phones together . how to use bump™: 1 ) open bump™ on both phones 2 ) while holding the phones , gently bump your hands together 3 ) confirm the exchange compatible with iphone too !
i have got an sony ericsson xperia x10 and while viewing a contact , i just press the menu button , send business card and choose between bluetooth , gmail , sms or moxier mail ( exchange client i think ) . i have send contacts back and forth between my android phone and my palm phone . i do not have two android phones , but i do not see why it would not work . previously i was using 1.6 which was fully compatible with all my contacts on my old palm phone , but since upgrading to 2.1 this does not work as well as i had hoped . so , no software to install , works right out of the box for me .
based on the screenshot , you have the stock recovery . the stock recovery normally shows " android system recovery &lt ; 3e> " whereas custom recoveries tend to have their name instead . there are two popular custom recoveries both of which look quite different to the one in your screenshot clockworkmod : twrp :
they go to your download folder by default , typically at /sdcard/Download . note that this may not necessarily be a physical sd card ( e . g . on devices that do not have an sd slot it is emulated ) . from a practical standpoint , if you need to access them on your device , just open the gallery or photos app . the picture will appear in either of those as long as you have not added a .nomedia file to the download folder or something . also , opening the picture in either photos or the aosp gallery app ( possibly others as well ) will allow you to discern its physical location by opening the menu and selecting " details " .
okay go to your home screen click on menu then go to settings , scroll down to manage applications or manage apps . . . click on that then u will be able to see downloaded apps , then apps on your phone storage , and more to your right u will see apps on your sd card go on to phone storage u where u will see all apps that are stored to ur internal memory/phone storage . . and click on the apps u wish to move to ur sd card and it will have all options saying , force stop , uninstall , move to sdcard/phone storage and then clear data . . . what u want is move to sd card so click that then verify by pushing ' ok ' and there u have it . hope this helped . : )
if you have your phone rooted and secondary partition , you can use link2sd . it is good alternative to use .
the terminal emulator coming pre-installed with cm 10 ( imho it is android terminal emulator ) is intended to let you access the command line . people using a custom rom usually have use for such things -- and it is very helpful for certain kinds of troubleshooting , as via the command line you can directly access the necessary linux tools to check certain things . aside from that , i cannot imagine it being " essential " to the system , so removing it should have no side-effects . but it would not bring you any benefit either : residing on the /system partition , uninstalling would not give you more space in the " internal storage " -- and as the app only consumes other ressources when you start it , there is nothing to gain here as well . it might prove very useful at some future point , so i would recommend you keep it . if you really want to get rid of it : as with any other app you do not know whether it might be needed , first " freeze " ( disable ) it and watch carefully for possible side-effects ( none to expect here ) , and after a week or so , if no side-effects appear , you can go ahead and drop it .
that very much depends on how you understand the issue -- and what is intended . in this case , using a single account for all devices definitly has one big advantage : managing its apps ( installs/uninstalls ) . if the devices are defined as " school use only " or even for a single class , same applies to the calendar : all class specific events can be defined here ( in the accounts main calendar ) , so noone can say he forgot to write it down . for personal events , each user can add his/her own calendar easily -- so no problem with this either . the contacts /address book can be seen the same way : it could hold the classes contacts , plus the teachers ( as far as needed/wanted ) -- which would make it easier to organize team work . as with calendars , it should be possible for each user to access her/his personal address book additionally ( i never tried this , so i cannot tell for sure ) . so to summarize : if i did not mis-interprete your question , the answer should be a clear " yes " . i use multiple android devices with the same google account myself , and never had any problems with that .
it depends on how the android image you are using was built . when you build a rom image from the android sources , you set what drivers are included in the image , according to what target hardware you are expecting to use it with . if you got the android image from the manufacturer of the tv box , it should have drivers for all the hardware in the device . ( at the very least , it should say if anything is missing . ) if you are using a third-party image that was created for that device , again , the author should tell you which hardware is supported . if you are using a third-party image that was not created for that device , it probably will not work at all . if you are building your own android image , then you should look in the sources you are building from , to see if the hdmi driver is included ; if you do not already know how to do this , you probably should not be trying to build your own rom . you might also find can i install android on my non-android device ? useful reading .
if you are using jelly bean , then in manage apps , you can turn off notifications for the specific app . keep in mind , this will turn off all notifications for the app .
are you by chance addressing bazaar ? if that is the case you can simply go the application specific page and hit the cancel button . this should remove the notification .
go to ; setting-> apps -> all apps -> download manager select download manager clear cache and data . notification of sticky downloads will be removed . i have tested this on a sony xperia j with android version 4.0
as already answered by nikola , you should go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All . select the download manager in the app list , and then press clear all data . you may have to restart the mobile after this is done .
if you can not remove any buggy notification from notification bar , then do this goto settings --> applications --> ( click on app which created that notification ) --> force close . then reopen that application .
i have the same problem . . . you should go to settings , apps , all , find there download manager and clear all data there . it helps in my case . good luck :- )
i had the same issue , after giving up on waiting more , i restarting the phone . after reboot , the update started from where it was , and finished as originally intended . to restart the phone , hold Vol-Down + Power for a few seconds . posting answer as the op only posted solution in a comment .
it is most likely the battery . it might have to be replaced . if it is literally dropping from 90 straight down to 0 , then the battery health has reached its end . if you do replace the battery and the same thing occurs , it could be your rom
it is simple : when the hardware keyboard is attached , the tray ( lower right of screen ) has a keyboard icon . click it and the top option is use hardware keyboard on/off .
total guess here : press and hold the power button . is there a power saving option in the popup menu ?
try a swipe down on the top status bar , do not you see a toolbar with a button to turn it off ? if you do not see that probably you can customize the buttons on them and add what you wanted to it . hope it helps .
i use the tasker application to change the screen timeout and brightness ( as well as the gps ) when i use maps or navigation . i turn on gps and disable timeout when starting maps/navigation and turn them off on exiting . tasker allows you to specify certain tasks that are activated when opening/closing and application . it has several other features and uses , but i find it works well for the problem you are having .
according to html5test , chrome for android ( as of v33 ) does not support controller input apis . you had likely have to wait for this to be implemented in some future version , or try to find a browser that does support it .
while i am not 100% sure , i do remember that this was a thing that would happen , either a function or " bug " . the issue , if you want to call it that , lies within ad ( active directory ) , or the authentication process of your account . exchange server will get your credentials from ad , and ad might let you use your old password for a while after changing , before it finally will reject your old password . of course , this will likely boil down to what server systems are at play , but it is a known " bug " that we have experienced at work . it should however not be a security issue as long as the user is the only person who know the passwords .
no . my friend got an extended battery so i tried my case with his phone -- the extended battery is really large , so it will not work . which is a shame , because the otterbox defender case is so large that a hypothetical extended battery otterbox defender would not be significantly bulkier than the current otterbox defender ( regular battery ) . if otterbox made a defender case specifically for the bionic with the extended battery , i would buy both that case and an extended battery . i guess that the market for that specific case is just too small .
unfortunately , i do not think there is a simple solution . your simple options seem to be : use google music and select a subset of music to keep offline do not use google music for offline tracks ; instead sync them yourself use the " fix incorrect match " button on the web interface to force your low-quality songs to be uploaded ( you can use gmusicapi to automate the process ) make enough noise that google devs take notice ( i am willing to bet their servers support this feature ) one last thing : i was under the impression that matching a song did not automatically get you access to a 320kbs copy . when uploading , the music manager actually provides the bitrate of your copy of the song ( here 's my code ) ; i have seen low quality ( eg 128kbs ) local copies matched and then produce a &lt ; 320kbs copy when redownloaded . so , if you have got time to burn , you could conceivably use this to your advantage : re-encoding to poor quality locally and reuploading may result in lower-quality server matches .
no , this is not an option . actually this seems like a bug as this should be controlled by the option , Vibrate on Touch under Sound in the settings . either that , or the option Vibrate on Touch should remain visible when setting the screen security option to Slide in the Security part of the settings . you may want to report this as a bug to the android team using the android issue tracker .
google officially renamed the market ( and its associated products ) to google play , which they announced on march 6th . google play encompasses all of the content distribution/sales services previously provided by google such as music , movies , and apps . due to this rebranding , the various android apps have also been renamed : google music is now play music google books is now play books google movies/videos is now play movies the market is now the play store the last one i have bolded because it will update itself , meaning that the market will suddenly seem to " disappear " . in reality , the application has simply been renamed , so open your app drawer and look for the " play store " app instead of the " market " app . the icon will resemble the same shopping bag as the market icon , but it will be white : the other three will not update on their own , but can be updated from within the play store as per usual . the functionality and visual design of the play store app is almost identical to that of the most recent market app versions ( 3.4+ or so ) . again , it is simply a renaming/rebranding of the original market app . however , if the market did get completely uninstalled for some other reason ( not associated with the play store update ) , you may need to look at android market disappeared ! how do i get it back ? which also discusses how to re-install the market .
turns out i had to change this via the " mail settings " menu in gmail , under the general menu is a my picture menu , where you can select the image used for google + , google voice and apparently the icon used for contacts synched with gmail .
try isyncr . they have a wifi add on also .
you can also try double twist .
isyncr works over usb ( mass storage or mtp ) , mac or pc , and also works over wifi . it handles the galaxy nexus just fine . in full disclosure , i am the developer .
it has nothing to do with battery life ; the number of channels is a regulatory issue ( for example , in the us , only 11 channels are allocated for 2.4ghz wi-fi ) . technically , wi-fi is frequency hopping , so the " channel " is a center frequency around which the actual transmit frequency skips . you can not disable that ; it is part of the channel sharing arrangement ( wi-fi would be unusable if every client on the channel transmitted on the same frequency ) . and beyond that , which channel your device uses is determined by what ap you are associated with , so you have no control over it .
new version of handcent with its group sms plugin does the job perfectly .
i take it that your phone/tablet does not have google play . to directly download apps why not use amazon market to download apps from your phone . other than this , i would recommend you to google out individual apps by name for their apk or wait for the service to return .
pure aosp version of android does not save clipboard data to files ; the data is stored only in ram by the clipboardservice , which runs inside the system_server process . samsung , like many other manufacturers , adds their proprietary modifications to the base aosp code ; one of these modifications is the ability to keep the clipboard history , and this history is stored in files in the /data/Clipboard directory . of course , you will not find this proprietary samsung code on other devices , or even in third-party roms for samsung devices . as for accessing the clipboard service using adb shell service call clipboard ... , you cannot do it on recent android versions , because the iclipboard interface now has security checks ( it requires specifying the package name , and the calling uid must own the package name ) . this interface is also an implementation detail and changes between different android versions .
first of you need to be clear that cyanogenmod is a custom rom based on android . so versions of cyanogenmod are based on versions of android . e.g. cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 so now straight to your question . yes you can basically do that . once you have downloaded and flashed clockworkmod or twrp recovery for your phone , go in recovery by pressing a combination of hardware keys ( check samsung website or search on google ) . go to backup and restore option and do a backup of your " stock rom " i.e. the original software of your phone . each and everything will be backed up . but also consider doing a backup in samsung kies of your user data . now after backup you are set , go to cyanogenmod website and select the rom for your device and install or flash it as per instructions . ( besides rooting you will also need unlocking your bootloader which will void your warranty ) and anytime when you wish to remove cyanogenmod and go back to original rom go in recovery and select backup and restore and press restore and select the backup file . your rom will be restored as you left it .
usually , this is possible the very same way as you put cyanogenmod on your device : by flashing a rom . so before you start , make sure you either . . . have a stock rom available to flash ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) have created a nandroid backup of your device immediately before you start flashing ( requires a custom recovery , see recovery-mode ) in both cases , you can return to stock rom : either by flashing a stock image ( and then start like after a factory-reset ) , or by restoring the nandroid backup ( and take off at the time you have created it , including all your apps and data ) . two things to consider : there might be dependencies between device-firmware ( rom ) and radio-firmware . so if installing cyanogenmod ( or any custom rom ) goes along with a different radio image , a return might be different ( you might need the original radio image as well ) or difficult ( in case downgrade of the radio is not possible ) . however , cases where this applies are rare . nandroid backup does not take care of your sdcard . so if you have apps installed on sdcard , you need to deal with them separately .
if you view a chat and open the overflow menu ( the three dots ) . click " people and options " you should see the " people in this hangout " . if you then click on the person you should be prompted to add them to your contacts .
as far i know you can not add people directly from a hangouts chat . you will need their email atleast . if you have their email id , open gmail and open contcts . then click " add contact " and add people with their appropriate emails .
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
numerous messenger apps provide the possibility of see of a person has read your message . for text messages it is not possible to get a read status as this is not part of the sms protocol .
you can copy the videos from this app 's location in /data/data/org.coursera.android/files/courkitDownloadedVideos/ if your device is rooted . on an un-rooted device , you can use adb backup function to backup the app and its data to a file on your computer , and then extract its contents : install and android sdk and usb drivers for your device . in windows open command prompt ( or terminal in linux ) , navigate to a directory where you want to store the backup , and issue the following command : adb backup -f courseraBackup.ab org.coursera.android this backs up the app and its data ( including the downloaded videos ) to your computer 's c drive . convert the backup to an archive using command dd if=courseraBackup.ab bs=24 skip=1|openssl zlib -d &gt; courseraBackup.tar if you use linux , then just issue the above command in terminal . on windows , it is a tad more complicated since you have to download and install cygwin from here ( install all packages , ) and then use the cygwin terminal to run the above command . extract the archive either using tar xvf courseraBackup.tar ( in terminal for linux of cygwin in windows , ) or using your favorite archival tool ( e . g . 7-zip . ) you should now have a directory on your computer containing all the data from the app , including any downloaded videos . refer : http://nelenkov.blogspot.ca/2012/06/unpacking-android-backups.html
the app downloads the videos to /data/data/org . coursera . android/files/courkitdownloadedvideos/ instead of the standard user space of /sdcard/android/data/* and even worse yet , the files are named file2 . mp4 file3 . mp4 etc . making it difficult to figure out which file is which course . i personally find this very frustrating as i would love to stream the videos to my xbmc box using yatse .
you can also use an app called , coursera on the go that lets you choose the location of download matterial , ( move to external sdcard for example ) and also labels the files like a sane person would do . http://www.amazon.com/aliaksei-radzinski-coursera-on-the/dp/b00coj2kte
i am not sure if this is htc specific , but this is what i need to do to get a " direct dial " icon on my htc desire . long press on where you want to add the icon hit ' shortcut ' hit ' direct dial ' select the contact you want to use ( if the contact has more than one number , you will need to pick which one ) there should now be an icon that will have that contact 's photo and a small phone symbol on the bottom right . if you hit the icon , you will immediately dial the contact .
there are too many 3rd-party apps and widgets that allow you to place " direct dial " type of widgets and/or shortcuts on the home screen . have you installed this from android market ? in that case you should be able to browse through your installed apps in market -> my apps section . you can then look up each app 's description to see if that is the one that gave you this functionality .
i have not found anything yet , but there are reports that this will allow you to use the mac as a bluetooth headset
it is possible that if you use the download map lab , you will be able to clear your cache ( but not data ) without also clearing the maps . but you can not do directions or search with those maps . in reality i think you had probably be better off downloading an app specifically made for offline maps access , such as mapdroyd .
swiftkey have an article on this although it is a little vague , it is seems more like they are describing how to use entirely different keyboards here : i want to use a different keyboard , how do i switch ? press and hold in any text field to bring up the pop-up text menu and choose input method . here you can choose other keyboard types , including the default android keyboard . on devices running android 4.0 and later , whenever the keyboard is on screen you should see a notification in the notification bar that will take you to the input method selection screen when clicked .
if the phone is working normally except for the power button not responding , you most likely have a hardware issue . that is , the power button is probably physically broken . in this case , you will need to return the phone to the manufacturer or the point of purchase for a repair or replacement . before returning the phone , copy off any personal data you wish to keep , and remove the battery , sd card , sim card and any external case ; do not ship those or any other accessories back along with the phone . you may get a replacement phone , and your data and accessories will not be transferred .
if you are talking about the stock Email app , there is no way to show the password . this is for your privacy and security . you do not want people to be able to see your password if you lost the phone , especially if do not use a pin- or password-enabled lockscreen . the best way to resolve this issue is to contact your company 's it support , and request for a password change .
if you are reverting to 4.2 only for usb otg feature , then i would suggest you not . i am using a rooted nexus 7 ( 2012 ) from v4.1 - v4.3 and could say from that experience that it has to be rooted for the otg features to run . since that is missing from your question i assume that you are not rooted when you had 4.3 . the apps stickmount and usb otg helper needs root privilege to run successfully .
i do not think the nexus 7 ( 2013 ) ever had android 4.2 . i was going to suggest flashing a factory image but the only one available is android 4.3 which suggests it is not possible . as the other answers have suggested you will probably need to root to get the usb otg functionality you are after .
you are going to have to revert by installing a custom recovery , and then flashing whichever rom you require yourself . it is not difficult but needs to be handled very carefully ( ie getting the correct rom , and following all the steps exactly ) to avoid damaging your device . you may find it hard to claim repairs under warranty if you do this , depending on the laws where you live .
what is going on is that your phone is not using your password . when you log in an oath token is issued . this is more secure , because your password is not stored on the device . it also has the additional benefit that it can automatically log you in in your browser . to deny access to your phone , remove the authentication token here . moreover starting with ics you do not need to use applications specific passwords for your phone . enter your regular google account info ; it will notice that you have 2-factor authentication enabled and open an internal browser where you can log in using your otp .
just a suggestion : is it possible that you have swype on the kill list in your task killer ? ( note : i have a droid as well , and have not experienced this . i do not run a task killer though . also , i could not live without swype . )
good question . . . i am experiencing this currently although the app is already living on my phone . a quick fix for me seems to be un-selecting swype as the alternative keyboard ( see steps below ) and then re-selecting it . then i will then have to reset swype ( i.e. . long-press in a text field , select input method and select swype ) . Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard &gt; Swype 
try relicensing it . that has worked for me in the past .
i believe this problem was caused by having swype installed to the sd card . moving swype back to the phone 's internal storage seems to have fixed the problem . Settings--&gt;Applications--&gt;Manage Applications--&gt;Swype--&gt;Select "move to phone" 
i discovered how to do this . the icons for the various functions remain the same . i went into settings ( cogwheel icon ) then language and input ( white square with black a ) top item in this menu is language i tapped this item and was presented with the normal list of languages , each in its own font .
after using mobile network and you disabled it , you will receive a notification in black background about your balance internet gb/mb or charged price for internet usage ( as like what you received now in the picture )
airtel system has some bugs . the usage is not shown properly and i will advise to install an app that would manage your data account . which can show your real usage .
install greenify . it will stop all background processes and save memory , battery and unwanted network connectivity .
from your screenshot , it is apparent that you are using a dual sim phone and that data roaming is enabled on one of those sim cards . i have never used a dual sim phone but i read on a forum that at any point of time only one of the sim cards can be used for data while the other is on standby or being used for a voice call . make sure both your sim cards have data disabled . also disable data roaming for both sim cards . use these screenshots for reference : check your data usage in Settings&rarr ; Data usage to see what is using your data connection make sure Data roaming is disabled for both sim cards
if you have already allowed google backup to backup your apps , then changing settings before you do the factory reset will not make any difference . after the factory reset , when you next start the device , it'll go through the first-time setup steps again : where it guides you through connecting to a wi-fi network and signing into a google account . on the screen where you sign into your google account , there is a checkbox there to automatically restore your apps and data onto this device ( i forget the exact wording ) . uncheck the checkbox at this point , and no apps or data will be restored to your device . you will still be able to install any paid apps you previously bought . if you later turn on google backup on this device , it'll start a fresh set of backup data . once it has backed up to this fresh set , next time you factory-reset this device , the restore will be from this fresh set . ( if you factory-reset again before making any changes , or before it is had a chance to back up , you will still get the old set . )
the best way i know ( using cm11 as a reference ) is to go to settings -> backup and reset and removing the checkmark next to auto restore . it may be under another heading on different roms so you may need to look around for it . it is best to do this before you do the factory reset .
several . you have opera mini . you have firefox 4 beta version ( the newest ) . you have skyfire ( great one , and fast ) and dolphin browser . all of them with pros and cons . you have them in the android market
the default browser is , as far as i can make out , simply called ' browser ' , and is based on the webkit rendering engine . android 2.2 and above use the v8 javascript engine . the combination of webkit and v8 make the browser very similar to desktop chrome . there is a similar question here : which is the android 's default browser ? .
it is an android version of chromium , which is what google built on top of webkit . the browser we call chrome is built on top of chromium with separate versions for windows , os x and linux . some functionality was removed or slimmed down for the android version . it is similar to safari and mobile safari in the sense that much of those apps code are webkit , and on top of webkit there is similar/identical code between the two , but they also have many parts of the code that are completely different . google was just up for open sourcing chromium http://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/home
the web browser utilizes webkit for rendering . webkit was originally forked by apple from the khtml rendering engine , which powers the konqueror web browser/file manager . the webkit engine has been open source from the beginning and is used in many browsers including apple safari , google chrome and a few other smaller browsers . the android browser 's javascript engine is google 's v8 engine , which is also used in chrome . however , i disagree with the previous two answers above . chromium is the open-sourced code base from which google chrome is derived , but i believe the android browser has it is own codebase . i do not think the android browser derives from chromium , which contains code for integrating with window management , tabbing , extensions and many other features that are well-suited for a desktop experience . browsing on a mobile phone is a different experience and i believe that google android browser application is not derived from the chromium code base directly , though it does implement components that are built into chromium as well .
the default browser is based on webkit ( same as chrome ) . it also has the same v8 javascript engine . so i would say android 's default browser is a modified version of chrome .
every version of android has a " android browser " that is basically a cut of the open source chromium browser . for example , the android browser that lives in the aosp v4.4 ( kitkat ) is based on the same code as chrome v30.0.0 . applications that use webviews use this android browser ( not the user 's default browser ) . https://developer.chrome.com/multidevice/webview/overview http://decadecity.net/blog/2013/11/21/android-browser-versions
for this to work seamlessly you would need an smb server on your phone . there is such an app , available via this forum thread . it needs root , and it looks like results vary by device . at least one reason why root is required is that normal users are not allowed to open ports below 1024 , whilst by convention , smb servers use ports 135-139 . an alternative is the on air ( wifi disk ) app , available in the market . whilst not quite seamless , this does give you access to your sd card via appletalk , webdav or good old ftp . i have just tested with an htc desire hd and windows xp over webdav and it appears to work well . the windows xp webdav client is a bit ropey , but that is not really the fault of android or on air : ) the on air app itself warns of issues using the built-in webdav clients for vista and windows 7 , and recommends a standalone client .
well in that case u can use software data cable in your android phone . it'll install the ftp server on your phone and you can get access to your phone storage from the browser . . remember they should be in the same network . . . .
1 ) what is the code name for the sprint nexus s 4g which is a cdma phone but not a the verizon codename ? the crespo codename is the gsm variant of the nexus s ( verizon never carried it ) . sprint 's ns4g is simply codenamed crespo4g . 2 ) does that link have the proper roms for this phone ? no , those are all for the gsm crespo version . 3 ) other options ? i need to flash this back to 2.3.6 where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? covers your options pretty well . in this case , the first heading of the answer will be a good start : google flagship updates google hosts update packages for the flagship nexus devices at http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ . you can not browse that link directly , but web search is your friend here . search for that link plus the code name of the device and the version you want ; for example , searching android.clients.google.com/packages crespo ics results in a lot of pages with this link -- the ota ice cream sandwich update for the t-mobile nexus s . searching for android.clients.google.com/packages "crespo4g" gingerbread returns a number of results . one of them is this xda thread , with a collection of links to stock firmwares .
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
the cookies form the default android browser are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to this file . since the browser application has not implement this functionality , it is not possible .
the usual way of fixing bootloops is doing a factory reset ( via recovery mode ) . of course , you will lose your data . but seeing that you have a custom recovery , do you also have a custom rom installed ? if yes , try ( dirty ) flashing the custom rom via custom recovery . do not forget to wipe cache and dalvik cache .
if she is going to send them via sms , you could lock your messaging app with a 3rd-party app like sms lock . or if you want to hide/lock messages for specific contacts , try go sms pro ' s private feature . you set a contact as private , and you will be asked to input a code every time you go to your private inbox . this is separate from your usual/public inbox . not sure if there are other types of unlocking mechanism , but i used a code which can be different from your pin .
you can use telegram and make a secret chat to share the photos . the messages and files in secret chats are encrypted end-to-end and for more security you can enable an autodestruction timeout in the conversation that destroy completely ( inclusive at the server side ) all the messages and files shared until the established time-lapse .
you should try audio manager from anuj tenani . you can also save videos , images and audio which were send via any application from the gallery . it is also available on itunes . --about the app -- the app is cleverly disguised as " audio manager " in the app drawer . disguises itself as a audio manager app which can be used to turn the volumes up and down . but if you long press on the audio manager title the actual hide it pro app will launch , which is basically your secret vault of pics/videos/messages/apps etc . -- features in detail -- 1 . ) app disguised behind a fully functional audio manager 2 . ) categorize media into folders of your choice 3 . ) batch ( multi-select ) support for hiding and unhiding pictures 4 . ) delete/share/unhide/move pictures between albums 5 . ) sort files by date/size/name and sort folders by count/name 6 . ) gallery features pinch to zoom , double tap to zoom , one finger hold and move zoom 7 . ) slideshow with fade , zoom , swipe effects 8 . ) send/share pictures 9 . ) special optimization for low end phones . 10 . ) video player features play/pause/forward/rewind/next video/prev video support 11 . ) disappears from recent apps list 12 . ) two lock screen options viz pin and password 13 . ) escape pin/password for times when you get caught 14 . ) built in encryption tool ( with military standard 256-bit aes encryption ) to secure your most important files 15 . ) plugins for features like private messaging / calls , private browsing , locking apps . etc .
if you want hide those pics then - - use smart lite locker ( app ) [ android ] if you are not saving them on your device then lock those apps on which your sexy gf is sending pics - use applock ( app ) [ android ] or else you can lock with smartlite locker also ( both are apps ) [ android ] link to the applock app link to the smartlite locker app
naturally , the app makes changes in your network configuration . the problem occurs when you do not disconnect using the exit button within the app . so it seems as if the internet does not work is because the server is down . you forget that the vpn is still connected although you think it is not . the problem occurs only with root permissions because without root , you can see running vpn services in the notification bar since it is running under samsung 's scope , reminding you that vpn is connected . when using it with root , you just do not see the notification , giving you the wrong idea that there is no working vpn although there is . anyways , restarting the phone reverts the configuration to a default state , thus solving the problem . i do not believe that the app is malware or stealing id in any way .
the following instructions are from androidforums . com site . the summary of the rooting procedure ( just copied and pasted - credit goes to sagarwep the poster of the procedure ) is as below : enable usb debugging on your device . to do that , go to settings > development > usb debugging . connect your device to any pc/laptop . the drivers will be installed automatically . download bin4ry for root a110 by sagarwep . 7z and unzip . run RunMe.bat from the extracted location . a command prompt with weird green letters will pop-up on your screen . follow the onscreen instructions carefully . to start off , you willl need to type in a "1" and press enter . [ note : if you ever want to unroot your micromax a110 , follow the above steps till you reach this one and then , instead of typing "1" , type " x " and hit enter . follow the instructions that appear on the command prompt after that . ] your device will reboot during the process after which bin4ry will copy some files to your device . with rootchecker you can verify whether the phone is rooted or not .
rom manager should not be a required systems app to run cyanogenmod . take a look at the steps over here to remove a system app from your phone : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/barebones something like : adb remount adb shell rm -f /system/app/RomManager.apk 
a nandroid is the name for a complete backup or image of your device . it can be performed in clock work mod ( cmw ) . clockwork mod is a custom recovery because it is a second of tools that can used without booting an os . think of it has an additional bios . when rooting and jailbreaking , u will want to install the clockwork mod . it is the workhorse that has utilities for backups /restores /wipes and installing unsigned zip updates . rom manager is an app accessible in the os that allows quick access and integration with clockwork mod . rom manager can update and install clock work mod versions as well as automatically booting into clock work mod for quicker access to those functions . cwm and rom manager were started by the same person . rom manager let 's u download roms and then boots into cwm to backup and install them . u will need a custom recovery . . . ( i know of two ) cwm or armon ra . they permit u to perform the backup . rom manager is not necessarily needed but its useful and is well integrated into cwm .
a " recovery " is a special space in the internal memory of your phone , set aside by the manufacturer to perform diagnostics and os upgrades . in windows terms , it is a rough equivalent of boot menu ( usually accessed by pressing f8 during boot-up . ) it is invisible to the phone under normal operation , and is accessed in a special way ( usually by turning the phone on while holding one or more buttons ) . the problem is that the recoveries that comes with stock devices do not allow for installation of custom roms , only firmware images " signed " by the manufacturer . in order to install custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod for example ) you will need to replace the stock recovery image with a custom one , made by community developers . on android there are several custom recoveries , clockworkmod ( cwm ) and amon-ra being the most known ones . these custom recoveries allow you to do a lot more things with your phone . the biggest advantage is being able to flash unsigned custom roms . other benefits include various tools and utilities for further managing the phones . one such utility is called " nandroid " . it is a backup and restore tool that allows you to take a full image of all the phone 's internal nand memory ( hence the name ) and store it on your sd card . should something go wrong with the phone 's software , you can use the previously saved backup to restore the phone to a working state . the maker of clockworkmod recovery also created an android app called " rom manager " . this app allows you to easily upgrade the cwm recovery to a new version when one becomes available for your device . it also allows you to manage nandroid backups stored on the sd card , as well as perform a slew of other useful advanced tasks . these include fixing app/data permissions , re-partitioning of the sd card right on the phone , downloading different custom roms and flashing them directly from the app . a paid " premium " version of the app has more advanced features , such as ota update notifications for custom roms that support it , etc .
that is got it all covered pretty good , but a couple of things should be pointed out one feature of rom manager--"backup current rom"--is useful in that it integrates all of your apps ( including paid ones ) , all of your data ( such as contacts , text messages , saved photos , browser bookmarks ) , and your system state ( your desktop arrangement , your preferences , your app defaults ) and rolls them up with your rom into a complete system image--your " current rom " . that is great if something goes screwy with a new rom , but it is not the way to restore apps and preferences after upgrading your firmware--unless you want to go back to your old firmware too . titanium backup will backup or restore your entire app set in a single batch process ; or , you can wait for android market to restore your apps ; as for non-market apps , you can use android mate to individually save each app to sd as an installable apk the first thing a long-time android user does when faced with an fc is open up rom manager and run fix permissions . i cannot overstate how valuable that function is .
i use current caller id and it seems to work ok , better if you let it connect with facebook . it is not perfect but it will help out . i also use reverse lookup . it is after the fact , but it does a good job . it will google the number and quickly add it to your phone book if you want . neither are going to get you coverage all the time but it is the best i have found .
did you try whatsapp ? it is available on both ios and android . google voice is the best option though if available in your country .
two ex-googlers created the app mightytext . give it a try : " send and receive sms and mms from your computer or tablet , using your current android phone number . messages stay in sync with your phone 's sms inbox . " " sms directly from gmail on your computer . " " text from [ your ] phone as [ you ] normally would . . . in the u.s. or international . " disclaimer : i have not actually tested it in australia ; ) but i would be happy to hear if it works for you !
since you are in australia , i would suggest trying t0mm13b 's suggestion of viber . you will have to " validate " your account with viber in a location that you have mobile data connection , according to this article , first , but then you should be able to use the service just fine on wifi . if available , google voice is a good option . you will be able to send and receive sms from it on both mobile network and wifi . it is probably your best option as it does not require the other person to have a different application to be able to receive the messages . most of them will require the person receiving the message to have the same application . google voice does not require the other person to have a special application . it will send the messages as sms . it will , however , require you to use the google voice application to send the messages .
try bluestacks app player on your computer . you can download any android app in it and use it on computer .
in your keyboard settings there should be a " my dictionary " or " my words " or something similar , in there should be all of the words you have added to autocorrect , if " was " is there , delete it , if not add " was " .
i assume you are referring to the 2012 version of the nexus 7 ? although the hardware is capable of supporting bluetooth le ( as suggested by the link in your question ) , google never certified it as such and so the stock rom does not support it . there is an answer to a similar question on stackoverflow which appears to suggest that cyanogenmod ( and maybe other custom roms ) has added support for bluetooth le on the 2012 nexus 7 .
you should be able to execute the df command from within any terminal app or via adb shell . it would list up all available file systems and their " free space " ( df stands for " disk free" ) . but you would need to know what is what there . to give you an example from one of my tablets : so just like cinderella you have to pick out the good ones , but simply can ignore the rest ( or you can take a look at android folder hiearchy to learn the important ones ) : /system is where your os and its system apps reside . rarely interesting to the end user , as it is not writable ( except you can make it such on rooted devices ) /data is your " internal storage " */sdcard* ( differs between devices and android versions ) your internal or external sdcard ( see next item ) *external* ( may be external_sd , external_sdcard , ext_sd , . . . ) is your external sdcard . if that entry exists , the one mentioned with previous item for sure is the internal one . so in my example there is enough free space available : 1 gb on /data ( internal storage ) , 3 gb on internal sd , and 26 gb on the external . as these values are yielded by the system itself , one should be able to trust them : ) remark : i ommitted some of the df output to make it better readable .
there is no way to change the limit on incorrectly entered screen lock codes , unless you make your own custom rom with this ability . it should be set at 5 incorrect entries triggers a 30 second wait period - if this is not the case then the rom maker has changed this .
if you are rooted , then use an app to freeze the MarketUpdater.apk app . you can also remove that app from the /system/app directory . without that app , the market/google play will not automatically update . there is no way to prevent market updates without root .
look up your phone 's pit in google and put it in pit in odin . flash it , then flash your rom . in case your battery is not charging : look for someone to charge it for you in his device before you do this as it consumes battery power with the constant rebooting of the yellow triangle .
check out http://www.samsunggalaxysforum.com/tutorials/unbrick-you-phone-in-minute/
now , the only option you have left is to flash your rom . flash any one of official firmware from below : gingerbread 2.3.5 xfjva gingerbread 2.3.5 xxjvt follow the links and do exactly what it says . it'll take less that half an hour . just , do it . . nothing more ! do not do any experiment before you boot your device . plus , do not follow any non-matured instructions from forums etc .
all problems from busybox bad installation path . . solution from here http://tabletrepublic.com/forum/teclast-a10t/factory-reset-after-every-restart-shutdown-1533-2.html if device is not root you should root it . used unlock root and tasselhof market . also downloaded and copied root explorer to microsd . install and run it . go to /system/xbin and find busybox . move it to /system/bin reboot and profit all download links are on that forum
first remove the network from known list . then when you are adding that wi-fi network on your tablet use manual dhcp and enter the details from your phone . . . this should work without issues . .
adobe flash has been deprecated starting jelly bean , for reasons only adobe knows . however , there are still workarounds for installing flash . the trend in mobile ( android ) development now is using native android , or html5 . flash is discouraged , although there are still flash websites around . phones with older versions of android may be able to access them . related : why does jelly bean no longer support flash ?
solution : apparently there is a bug with this in android 3.2 . rotating your xoom will fix it .
these are not bugs or policies , google simply has not implemented all of the google calendar web features in the android calendar app . you can browse android calendar feature requests and bugs , as well as request and report them , here : http://code.google.com/p/android-calendar/issues/list
this is the latest official ainol novo 7 fire jellybean firmware ( using the latest android version 4.2.2 ) : google translation maybe required .
just flash the system . img ( one from 4.2.1 ) over your current system , also make sure you are running the corresponding recovery , radio , kernel , and bootloader that came with your takju/yakju factory image . do that and and try the ota again , should work . " flashing system . img did not wipe data/app " ( just backup if you are worried about losing data/app ) note:you will lose root or else try flashing 4.2.2 manually from here
oh , i found how languages may be switched : ) . there is a small keyboard icon in the notification area which allows to do that .
to change languages , layouts and keyboard apps you can always tap on a text field ( the keyboard must be active ) , then drag down the notification bar and tap aon keyboard settings/input methods . now you chose the keyboard application or configure it to change its language .
raw contacts are joined according to rules described at using the contacts api : two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , " bob parr " and " parr , bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , " bob parr " and " robert parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , helen [ "elastigirl" ] = helen parr [ "elastigirl" ] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , bob parr> [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences ( bob=bob=bob ) and diacritical marks ( hélène=helene ) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , " ( " , " ) " , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) . automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . there is also explicit aggregation , that can be set for raw contacts , if a user explicitly wants two contacts to be joined . read more about it in the article .
why do you want to avoid flashing chainfire 's kernel ? from xda : this rooted kernel is for the " rooting beginners " and those who want to keep as close to stock as possible . cf-root takes the kernel from an original samsung firmware , and just adds root , busybox , and clockworkmod ( cwm4 ) recovery . rooting voids your warranty just the same as flashing does , and odin is virtually guaranteed to save you if you ignore the instructions while flashing and screw something up . you can also re-flash the stock kernel afterwards , which will remove cwm while still leaving you rooted . edit : gingerbreak apparently only worked on test devices .
changing usb port made adb recognize the android device .
kill adb server using using sudo and start it again with sudo . if you start adb server with sudo in linux it will detect .
yes it is possible with tasker + secure settings plugin . i dit it in a harder scenario ( altough i am an sk17i owner too ) i used the above combination to unlock , force landscape , and wake up an alcatel dual sim phone paired with a nuu minikey sliding bluetooth keyboard .
do you have an ics rom installed ? i have that same issue with t9 keyboard on the galaxy nexus . i reported the issue to nuance but they claimed the t9 does not support ics . you can fix it by holding down the backspace key until the whole field is cleared , then switch to a non-sliding keyboard to enter the info in the To: field .
unlike native apps , web apps can not access low level api of system ( to access hardware etc ) unless it is supported by web standards ( most are not supported to maintain web app portability ) . here , native web apps comes to rescue . in native web apps , web codes ( html , css and js ) run in a native wrapper code . the wrapper code is native ( can use low level api ) which contains webview to render the web app . so , it taps the benefits from both worlds ( that is why its called hybrid app ) . for example , facebook app ( in play store ) is a native web app . when you see your timeline , friends ' profiles etc in this app , you actually see webpages . but , at the same time , this app can access your camera , android 's system-wide share menu etc . another great example is google currents .
usim could mean one of two things . universal subscriber identity module , which refers to the software that runs within the sim card ( technically now called a uicc ( universal integrated circuit card ) in umts parlance ) . usim could also mean microsim ( using u rather than μ ) , a sim card format ( technically known as 3ff ) smaller than the minisim ( 2ff ) used in most devices .
sim is a old guy , but usim ( card 's name is uicc , usim is logical module ) is new designed specially for umts ( 3g ) generation . while sim can also be used to access 3g , usim has extra advantages over sim : 3g video calls ( not supported with sim ) higher security : usim introduces new algorithm to prevent unauthorized access to phone line . plus , it encrypts your calls and internet traffic with stronger encryption keys . it stores contacts securely too . bigger and improved phonebook : usim allows you to store thousands of contacts ( limit on sim is 255 ) . each contact can now contain email id and more than one phone number . usim can run small applications like computer ( sim 's analog is simple sim menu which can not compute something by own other than communicating with carrier 's server ) .
you can fix the input text prediction by following : adding a new spell-checker to motorola moto g you can not add polish to the list of spellcheckers , but too be honest i am not sure where these are used . google keyboard ( which needs to be installed to use the text prediction in this language ) lets you download a lot of dictionaries .
you need to download third party apps for it , just search for it on google search . e.g. " read out text messages android " vote up if i helped . ; )
it sounds like you talking about talkback , the accessibility program that comes with a lot of android devices . in order to activate talkback ( assuming it is installed ) , open your phone settings , then go to the accessibility section . select talkback and enable it ( and accept the warning that talkback will be able to see sensitive information ) . after it is enabled , you should look through the settings for talkback and configure it to your needs .
stephen is wrong in a way , actually talkback is for differently abled people , or the one 's weak at vision , it will read out loud everything , its not what the questioner means . it will not specifically read out elements , and that would be very irritating .
i agree with stephen schrauger . you can use talkback . if you do not have it then you can download it or some better alternative
strange issue , due the fact you have a custom kernel it might be a better plan ( hope you do not have any important things on your phone ) to completely wipe your phone and reset to stock . so from cwm just wipe system , ( dalvik ) cache , install fresh . zip from the internal sd ( suppose you can mount the usb in cwm ) and ( re ) install a clean rom , install gapps and modem [ optional ] , fix permissions , boot phone , good to go . if you can not grab a proper logcat/last_kmsg it is difficult solving this issue to be honest . if it is solved just be sure to make a nandroid backup and then flash a custom kernel , if something goes wrong you can just reset it back to the current ( working ) state .
i deleted all alarms in android jellybean 4.1.1 by performing the following operations in settings > apps > all > clock : force stop clear data clear cache ymmv
as eldarerathis already mentioned : on many ( if not most ) devices supporting an sd card , this card is mounted with the noexec option -- which means as the name suggests : " no exec from here " , i.e. you cannot execute anything from the sdcard . again , one solution was already mentioned by eldarerathis : try a different storage . you have got the power , your device is rooted . a second approach would be to re-mount the sdcard without the noexec option . but there is a good reason why noexec is used here ; it at least offers an additional level of security . so before using this approach , you should research a bit whether it might trigger unwanted side-effects .
were the apps developed using above air for android ? there seems to be a distinction between the two sdks . look at this tutorial for all the info on getting started . even if some of the info is redundant , it does have a section on deployment to the phone .
here 's an answer for regular end users who happen upon this question because they are confused about the whole " air " thing , wondering " how to install and adobe air based app ? " if you phone does not already have it installed , get the adobe air app . now you can download and install any of the apps that are based on adobe air . there is really not a lot to it for end users . even if you do not install the adobe air app and you try to install an air based app , it will automatically direct you to install adobe air .
here 's a video that shows how to turn an air app into into an apk file . i am not a dev so i have no idea what he is talking about but it sounds like what you want to do so it may help .
the stock android browser , as long as the website uses a file upload control it can . i just used the upload tool on twitpic , which uses flash , allows me to select audio , video or image files , and uploads them to twitpic .
i do not know for sure if this is your only problem , but i am posting it as an answer just in case . you seem to be confused about adb commands . adb shell foo  is a command that tells adb to open a shell on the device , and run the command foo on the device , whatever you say there for foo . therefore , the command you have been running , adb shell recovery  does not tell the device to go into recovery mode : it tells the device to run a command named recovery , while android 's still running . from your description , it sounds like this is the same program that the recovery mode uses , but it is not intended to be run while android is running . it is writing to the screen directly , without going through android , which is why it keeps disappearing and can not accept input . it is actually pretty sloppy work on the part of the manufacturer that you can run this program at all from within android . in the same way , the command you want to use to reboot into the bootloader is adb reboot-bootloader  ( on newer adb versions you can replace the hyphen with a space if you like . ) there is no shell in the command , because this is an instruction to adb , not a command to run on the device .
from a developer 's point of view ?
similar to this question which asks about 2.2.1 , there do not seem to be any real " changelogs " made available for android updates . however , you can look at their git repository to see the commit log . here 's the shortlog for the 2.3.4_r1 tag . the summary : mostly bugfixes , and the addition of video/voice chat for the google talk app . apparently this is only enabled on the nexus s since the nexus one does not have a front-facing camera , but i do not know that for certain . in any case , the video/voice chat could probably be made to work on the nexus one somehow considering that it has already landed on the cyanogenmod codebase ( and the latest nightly builds ) , so it is more or less working on other " unsupported " phones already . i know the evo has a working implementation in the latest cm7 nightly build , though it did crash when i tried to switch to my rear camera ( not that i would really need to do that ) .
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
the google nexus 7 charges from its micro-usb port . i am not sure if it'll charge plugged into a computer usb port , but plugged into the wall , it works great .
the usb spec specifies that the power supplied over usb shall be ~5v dc , which is fine . a single usb device ( e . g . your tablet ) may draw up to 500 ma of power in usb 2 and 900 ma of power in usb 3 . this is the issue - it is workable but not ideal . using a usb cable as a power connector between a tablet and the ac adapter that came with the tablet is a different story - they can do anything they want - but charging from a usb port is governed by the above limitations .
the problem you mentioned can be caused by the following : your micro usb port in the phone has some moisture . your micro usb port connection is loose . if it happens normally which is not your case , it can be caused if there is moisture on your screen or droplets of water . try testing if this happens while using the mobile with charger connected . if it does , it is definitely the micro usb issue .
1:you could try to use a different usb cable , as this will sometimes interfere with the hardware . 2:try connecting on a different usb post ; the individual port could be malfunctioning 3: have your phone already unlocked and turn off the screen sleep : go to > settings | then either > display settings > sleep > never turn off screen general settings > sleep > never turn off screen
i have htc desire too . i do not know what causes this problem , but i fixed it by mounting it on a windows computer and checking the filesystem on the card . i tried it on a mac first , but osx disk utility could not fix the problems it found .
i had the same problem with stock 2.1 rom . after the ota update to 2.2 , the problem vanished .
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
in htc wildfire there is option in Settings -&gt; Sound &amp; display Quiet ring on pickup Reduce ring volume when I move phone ) . it might be the same option or similar in nearby .
it depends on how you are managing your contacts and calendar on your linux system . if you are using evolution , sunbird , thunderbird , lightening , kontact or yahoo then memotoo will get the job done .
take a look at funambol ( which i think memotoo is built on ) . see also : why does funambol sync only allow me to sync contacts ( there is a fix ) how to sync calendar with android without google ? suggestions for syncing data to someone besides google ? funambol ?
i removed /data/etc/wifi , /data/misc/dhcp and /data/misc/wifi and it worked .
this is what worked for me : turn off wifi ( this may not be necessary ) remove /data/misc/wifi reboot another possible option : fxr wifi fix and rescue
yes it is true . it also removes all the crap the carriers put on there as well .
i believe this is a combination of two things , as i used to experience this with my evo as well . crappy charger as ce4 stated , car chargers are often usb trickle charge , and will not do much . going for the good , sometimes more expensive powered car chargers or dc/ac converters might help you out there heat my phone would get so hot just from being in the car and being on ( i do live in florida . . ) that the battery would function very poorly . heat also degrades the battery in the long run , so bummer there too .
it is probably your charger . i tested my nexus s with the following : dumb charger ( only had +/- lines connected ) , capable of 2amps ( 2.000ma ) inlined voltage meter to measure currents brightness maxed , set cpu to 1.2ghz , performance governor , benchmark running the device adhered to the usb standard and never draw more than 500ma ( 0.5a ) , although the charger is capable of 4x more current . it lost 2% percent during &lt ; 5mins when the benchmark ran . i know that apple encodes power settings into their wall chargers by setting voltages to d+/d- pins of the usb connector . i am not aware of how to tell the phone to just draw more power and dismiss the usb 's 500ma safety regulation . if you have such a charger , give it a try . edit : i could fix my own nexus s ' charging behaviour by using a kernel with force ac fast charge option enabled ( for example trinity kernel for nexus s / android 4.0-ics ) and this fastcharge widget .
i have had this happen to me . what i did that helped a bit was to turn the screen off when i was on a long stretch and did not need to see my next direction for a long while .
it might just be the cable you use , i recently got a powerbank and i found out that my device charged slower when i use a regular usb cable with it ( even drains faster than it charges when using the phone at the same time ) but when i plug in the cable supplied with the powerbank it charged as fast as it does when i use a regular ac charger , i tried the same thing with my computer and the result was the same . i would suggest you swap your usb cable ( which supports data and charging ) for one that can only charge the device .
i just noticed , after a recent update to google maps , that there is now an option for screen dimming when in navigation mode . the description reads : screen dims between instructions to conserve power i have not gone on a long enough trip to test the functionality , but it looks promising . update this feature appears to only be available when not plugged into the charger , so not very useful in my scenario .
i used a wrong driver . h9000+ means you need zopo mtk6577 driver from http://zopomobile.cn
the web app has not built a correct apk . to install a font , you do not need font-to-apk converters . just put ttf file on sdcard and use a font installer from play store . for this , rooted device is required . if you are not rooted , font-to-apk converters are useless .
the app does this because you are not in navigation mode , you are browsing the route . it zooms out to fit the entire route on your screen when you reorient the device . if you do not want it to zoom , press the navigation button in the lower right corner and optionally switch off voice navigation .
according to google 's help pages on using voice within the search app , the voice actions only work for a limited set of languages : for most of these tips , you need to be using android 4.1+ in english , french , german , italian , japanese , korean , russian , spanish , or brazilian portuguese . some voice actions are not available in all languages and countries . they are not referring to the search app 's " language " setting , as that only governs language in which search results are returned . you must change the system-wide Language setting to one the supported locales under settings -> language and input . unfortunately there is currently no way to use voice actions under other locales . google however are always improving their search app , so it is possible that voice actions will become available in your country 's language soon .
setting the system-wide language to english ( us ) ( in addition to having the voice search language set to english ( us ) ) made voice commands work . i tried this because of a comment by chahk . however , i would rather see a solution where i can have my system-wide language set to something other than english .
take it to the samsung care and fresh install the kitkat rom all your problems will be solved . if you don wana go to samsung care go to sammobile . com find the suitable firmware and flash your device using odin .
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , and nova is surprisingly snappy on it . you can change how fast the animations / transitions are . in my case , i set it to faster than light . if you are not content with that , you can go further and disable animations / delays via the phone 's Developer options settings .
it seems the method you describe is currently the only true way of doing this . however , if you press the back key , it will close the current tab once you have gone back through the history of that tab . so if you open up lots of tabs but then close each one after reading , this is a very quick method for you ( 1 click ) . if you do extensive browsing in each tab , it is not as good but still easy in that you just press one button there are many other browsers out there ( firefox , dolphin hd / mini , boat browser / mini , opera , maxathon , skyfire ) which are all great applications ( as you can tell by their app star ratings ) , albeit with different levels of integration with you google account . several support addons or plugins to provide additional functionality .
idk if wp8s have this feature , but is there a way to save your messages to the sim ? that is assuming you will be keeping the sim .
as the op found a solution , but missed to make it an answer , let me transfer it here : i solved my problem exporting sms to csv by nokia suite and then importing it to my device using sms tools - all in one application .
as @onik has rightly said there is difference between a sim lock and network lock . sim lock -in order to provide security to stolen phones there is a sim lock in-built by the manufacturer . in the event the phone is stolen the phone would ask a sim lock ( mostly the digit pin ) to register/verify the user . once the user is registered the phone would function normally . network lock -this is the manufacture built in feature to prevent any subscriber to switch to another telecom operator other then the one the manufacturer has contract with the operator ( basically these contract phones are cheaper then the factory unlock phones ) . so what you have done is that you have purchased the network lock only to unlock the phone to use with other telecom operators but not to use the phone . in order to use the phone you need the sim lock which would be available with your service provider . in case you entered the sim lock wrong 3 consecutive times then your phone wout get locked and would ask for a puk code which will also be available by the operator but would require a lengthy process . so i suggest you to contact your service provider regarding the sim lock key and do not un-necessarily enter the pin if you do not know to avoid the puk code
if your sim card is pin locked , the network unlock code is useless . the network unlock code allows a phone that is restricted to a single carrier to be unlocked for use in other carrier 's networks . the sim pin is a personal identification number that is used to unlock the sim card in order to register it to the network . this means that the phone will not connect to the network before a sim is unlocked . usually ( at least around here ) a new sim has a simple pin , like 0000 or 1234 , and the user can change this . however , the carrier does not know your pin , so if you forget it it can not be reset from the carrier directly . if you happen to forget your pin , the only way to unlock the sim is to enter a wrong pin enough many times ( 3 or 5 usually ) , and after this the sim asks for the puk ( personal unlock key ) code , which is sometimes referred to as puk1 . the puk code can be obtained from the carrier , after they verify you are the rightful owner of the sim and contract . if the sim is a prepaid , the puk code is sometimes printed in the card holder . after you get the puk , enter it into your phone and enter a new pin . after this , you can unlock the sim with the new pin you specified . note : do not try to guess the puk code yourself , if you enter it wrong three times , the sim will be permanently locked and you will have to get a new sim from your carrier .
do not define any account as primary account . in that case phone ask from you at everytime which ip account would be used to call . i check it on htc sensation z710e while wifi is available . its working fine .
before you flash a modem , try another dialer app , just in case it is at fault . check if 3g/lte/wifi are working at all . chances are that it is the modem that is causing the issue but it is easier to install an app or two before flashing basebands . on the samsung galaxy s4 international lte model : gt-i9505 you cannot flash a modem through recovery . you must use Odin to do this . complete list of modems for gt-i9505 and i9500 is here . it is with noting that sometimes the first flash fails , and can even read as " success " in odin . untick reboot and try it twice , then reboot the device . you man need to try a couple of modems , but try initially to flash the one relative to your rom ( in your case XXUFNAD ) . however , the baseband ( modem ) can be different depending on your region/carrier/settings/rom so a little trial and error is required . you may be using a 4.2 modem for example and this probably will not work . most 4.3 and 4.4 modems will work fine in kitkat . edit : this is the recommended modem with the new bootloader . this modem is XXUEMJ5 version . try this first . then experiment with others . flash it in odin as below , however , do it separetely without the bootloader option .
yup , it is perfectly fine . i do it regularly while playing games .
at adobe reader click on top part of screen , then you will see top toolbar . at toolbar you need 4 button from right corner of toolbar .
first , you should root your smartphone . then , use link2sdapp . then , move the app to the sd card .
and what to do before that , also important . ok , short guide – assuming your .apk has the name metro.apk , and you are in the very same directory on your computer where that file resides : PC&gt; adb push metro.apk /data/local/metro.apk PC&gt; adb shell $ su # pm install /data/local/metro.apk  what i am just wondering : what makes you think you need to be root for that ? taking the shorter road : PC&gt; adb install metro.apk  saves a few steps : ) otoh , if you are talking about a system app , things might look different :
this is what i did in android 4.1 and gmail : open gmail tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and select settings tap the account for which you do not want to get notifications uncheck the notifications option that should be all you need to do .
make sure you must put cache in obb folder . if its a file with . obb extension you must put it in obb folder but first make sure its in correct folder name and dont just copy in obb folder . for example it must be in this path : obb/com.ea.game.fifa14_row/main.128.com.ea.game.fifa14_row.obb
you must be online when you start it for the first time . that is the resource it is not getting .
i have a samsung note and the power saving will lock the max cpu to 1ghz ( the cpu is meant to run a 1.6 ) in your phone would be somenthing similar
not sure this helps you 100% as i have never done this on the nexus s but i did it on the htc desire , which the manufacturer gave a laughably small area for user installed apps . i follows this tutorial : http://alpharev.nl/ basically you are using fastboot to put a new hboot down . i suggest googling for more info about these ; whether there is an existing one close enough to your requirements , or if it is easy to create them yourself .
this might be some compatibility issue -- despite the fact that it seemed to work fine initially . it is not the first time i read such in connection with a class-10 card . i would recommend to get yourself a class-6 ( good enough and fast enough -- only in rare cases you would really note any difference ) , maybe preferably from a different brand than the current class-10 , and give that a try . chances are very good your trouble will disappear this way .
best solution i have at this point for recovering usability of your phone would be to boot into download mode and flash a full suite with odin .
try smartbar . i used to use it and it allows you to put shortcuts in the notification bar as well as hide icons in the notification bar . i can not remember off the top of my head if it hides the icons put there by other apps but i think it does . sorry for the cheap answer , i just can not remember and i do not have time right now to download it and try it out to be sure .
as of android 2.0 , the system requires that apps that run constantly in the background , and that require a certain level of priority so that they do not get killed offhand ( like music apps ) , put an ongoing notification . this was to prevent abuse of requesting this level of priority without letting the user know that it is occurring . you can read about this here : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#startforeground(int, android . app . notification )
i would talk to the developers of apps and ask them is they plan to include the option to remove the app from the notification bar . they may oblige such a request . you could also leave a comment for the app and add that as a side note . cm team and other rom developers do create flashable updates to their roms so that icons and other items can be removed from the notification bar , but they usually do not do this for specific applications . you could check out information on this in the forum of the rom you are using .
as others have said , you can not remove an ongoing notification from the notification bar . it is there to alert the user that the app is constantly running , and without it the app could potentially be killed at any time by the os . that said , if you are running jelly bean ( or newer ) , there is the option of disabling all notifications from an app . the setting is per-app and can be found in settings > apps > ( select the app ) > uncheck the " show notifications " box . the one caveat to this method is that the app will no longer show any notifications in the notification bar , but if that is acceptable to you than i have found this method to be an easy way to stop my notification drawer from filling up with unnecessary notifications .
no . its up to the manufacturer to release new android versions for their devices . some devices will never get a new android version . only the devices from google ( nexus one , nexus s ) will get the latest android versions early and ota . the others may get the new version , but it is the decision of the manufacturer . custom roms may provide a newer android version , as the last official version that was released by the manufacturer . but this often only applies to popular devices .
**no . ** for an android phone to receive new updates , it must jump through several hoops . first , google . when google releases new versions of android , they get to determine the system requirements . while they have good reason to include as many devices as possible , they sometimes can not , or have to make hard decisions not to for the purpose of new features . furthermore , in the future , their motives may change . next , oem . if your phone is not a nexus or google play edition , the manufacturer of your phone must take the code released by google and make it work with their drivers , their skins , and their addon software features ( like gestures and such . ) they may find it is not worth their effort . they also have the motive of planned obsolescence in selling new phones ( if you loved the super duper x phone when you bought it , but the new os offers features you want that are not available on the old one , you are more likely to buy the super duper x phone ii . ) lastly , carriers . if you bought the super duper x phone for $199 , likely your carrier paid the other $400 that the phone actually costs , and plans to extract that money from you in an inflated-price 2-year contract . as the middleman , they likely demanded the right from the manufacturer to install some apps of their own . these apps must be updated by the carrier after the first two hoops have been jumped through . then , after that , the carrier must test the new software stack to make sure it does not crash their network . if your phone makes it through these hoops , then bam ! new ota software for you . but remember , this process can be short-circuited at any step . furthermore , those in the process know this . so , if you are , say , htc , and you spend the money , time , effort , r&d to update this phone , you will want to be damn sure that , say , verizon will do their part of the job and then finally approve the new version . if not , your effort is wasted . if you are not positive , you might not bother . a good illustration of this is the galaxy nexus . google made a promise ( which i think they meant to keep ) that this phone would get the newest updates first , for as long as reasonably possible . unfortunately , they chose to release a verizon version alongside the unlocked versions they themselves sold . verizon dragged their feet on updates , and the verizon version has lagged behind the unlocked versions for months on new updates . if you must have the newest updates , the closer the phone is to google , the better off you are . choose nexus first . choose google play editions next . choose motorola phones next . then choose the phone from the oem with the best track record for updates and the network with the best track record for updates . or learn to root and rom and take your chances in the wild wild west of phone software . . . .
also had a problem with an htc thunderbolt constantly crashing . it sounds like your messages are gone , but for future reference , the best solution i have found is sms backup + . this app will keep a copy of your sms and mms messages synced to your gmail account and/or backed up to an sd card .
i do not hold out much hope that the . db file was not overwritten , but i recommend mounting the phone storage to a pc ( preferably linux as mac will write immediately and windows might also ) to attempt recovery . i do not know what tool to use offhand but search results look promising http://www.google.com/q=linux+file+recovery
i use mcafee wavesecure . . . when i charge up my phone at night , it backs up my sms and contacts . i can also lock down my phone and make an alarm go off if i can not find my phone from anywhere on the web . it is free to download and i highly recommend it .
i do not know for sure as i have not seen a philips phone , but it sounds like philips have put in their own sms app which does not use the standard text entry field . the little tab to help you position the cursor accurately is part of that , not part of the keyboard . if this is the case , then using a third-party sms application instead will make it easier to use . there are many on google play , so just try one out and see if it helps .
are you sure you have android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) ? because i think this is a feature that was added in this version of android . i know i got this when i upgraded my htc desire from android 2.2 to 2.3 . you can see some images below showing this feature in action . click the images for high-res . the first four images show this feature in my sms messaging app , and the last one shows the same feature in my browser . i use the stock apps for sms and web browsing that came with the phone . but like i said , i did not have this until i upgraded to android 2.3 . now from what i understand this is probably what you get when you try to do the same on your phone . something like that ? and maybe a magnifying window ? you need to make sure you have android 2.3 ( or higher ) also known as gingerbread . if you do have android 2.3 ( at least ) then it probably has to do with your sms messaging app . in that case you need to try a different sms app . here are some sms messaging apps you can try out . chomp sms handcent sms go sms pro
some phones do not allow unlocking with the google password even if you are connected to the internet . the password is cached on the device and must be the same . this means that you must use the temporary password that you setup your account with . this is device dependent and i understand that it is a bigger problem for older devices , like those running gingerbread . my advice is to use a password safe like keepass and keep that temporary password saved in case you need to unlock your phone . my kids locked my phone by playing around with it and my normal password would not unlock it . had to reset to factory settings to get it off .
you can use your normal google account password to unlock the phone ( as long as you are connected to the internet ) , even if you have 2-step authentication turned on . i have tested it on a galaxy nexus running ics and another running jelly bean , and on a nexus 7 running jelly bean . there might be a possibility that this was different on android 2.3 but i do not think so .
i am unable to understand why you have problem . as you have said in your second point , it asks users to login with google account . when it comes to authentication of google account , why is password matter to you ? you can do this in those situations : create a new application-specific password and use that ( you can delete old one ) . use one time emergency passcode generated at the time of enabling 2-step authentication . turn off 2-step authentication and use original google account password . i have used first one once when my jeans pocket screwed things up .
we have found a tool included in aosp debug builds called rawbu : https://github.com/geekrom/android_frameworks_base/tree/master/cmds/rawbu that does exactly what we need it to do if you push it the right way . it backs up the entire data partition of an android device , though it is outdated and crashes if not executed properly since they fused the sdcard . the default directory used by rawbu is sdcard/backup . dat but since that is fused to data/media/0 this will crash on devices ever since that change . so when running rawbu you must specify data/media/0/backup . dat as the backup and restore arguement so that it knows where to backup and restore to . since the sdcard isnt backed up , only data is , this should work on newer devices . if you do not do this , it will restore the backup . dat file to itself corrupting itself while performing the restore . cons : there are a lot of hoops to jump through that i have not tried yet ( i have only tried this on a debug build , so i have not tried building and pushing it to a release build that is been rooted . ) your phone has to be rooted for this to work . pros theoretically it works it is faster than running titanium backup on each user if you have a lot of users to backup . it also restores your phone to the exact same state you had if your phone crashes . in closing it is unfortunate that there are no good methods for backing up multiple users . however with google 's new push to make multi users a stronger feature , we can hope that the adb backup utility will be improved at some point in the near future .
i do not think there is a way to do this without imaging . i was going to suggest adb backup but as far as i can tell this only backups up the current user , not all users data .
probably just a wild guess . if you have multiple users , and want to use titanium backup , you probably need to perform back-up on each account .
if really damaged - only by re-soldering broken components by new components . but how ? usb polarity is declared in standard , cable is impossible to insert at wrong position without break of connector .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
i had a similar issue ( new device can install from google play , but from the website it was not being shown as a device under my settings ) . what i had to do was to go into settings/apps/google play on the device and then clear the data . once that is done , when you next launch play , it will ask you to accept the terms and conditions . then i just downloaded an app ( any app will do ) on the device . this seems to alert the web settings that there is another device . i then checked my settings on the play website and the device was now listed ( no delay , it was there straight away ) . note that i never logged out of the browser , or cleared any browser caches etc . effectively the step are : clear the google play app cache on the android device . start play and accept t and cs download any app from inside the play app . hopefully this will work for others too .
have you tried singing out on both pc and device google ( ever stuff ) accounts then history / catch erase un sync old device from the gmail address via your google dashboard settings then on device delete and re associate new device by add account on sign even though the device is new and listed as compatible you may need to go to ' market ' to download ' google play ' app . yes i no sounds silly but true story . . go into device settings -- to applications and sync ---into device accounts / add account---ensure weather or not the data background is on if it is green or enabled try this back out to network n wifi and go to airplane mode enable then disable remember upon completion -- to enable sync or turn on sync across platforms . . . . . . . . . . . . . the only reference to the suggestions above is personal experience . . . first 1 should work tho good luck ; - )
hey man you can use this . notification lockscreen widget ( available for free in the google play store ) . it gives following features . view all dismissible notifications including missed calls , sms , facebook notifications , gmail , etc . launch the app directly from the notifications list . combine multiple similar notifications into one notification with counter . allow full original notification content as it appears on notifications bar .
if you want those home screen indicators but just do not want the numbers in them then download adw . launcher . it comes pre-installed on cyanogenmod 6.2.1 and i have really enjoyed using it . as far as that icon , it is what it is . in order to change it you are going to need to alter the app directly , or install an app that allows you to change the icons for your apps with image files you have installed on your sdcard .
use an alternative homescreen launcher like launcherpro or dxtop or adw . launcher or golauncher . lots of customizations and options . you will need to explore each one 's features and see which is best for you .
i think the instructions you find in this thread are fairly clear , aside from the process of rooting your phone and installing rom manager . all the standard disclaimers apply , of course . what you do with your phone is your business and nothing any of us say makes us responsible if you brick your device .
you would need root to access /data/data , and rooting would require unlocking your bootloader , which would wipe your data . other than doing a factory reset , there may be no other way .
if you have not done so already , try going to settings-> data usage , then press the menu key and choose " restrict background data " . this sets all sync functions to only work on wi-fi , maybe it also helps with your play-store problem . be careful though , if you rely on sync to work even when you are not on wi-fi ( gmail for example ) , this is not the right option for you .
if your device has a directional pad ( or a trackball ) , then when you press down , the previous search key would show up in the search box and is editable .
lies , damned lies , and equipment specs . i can print up a lovely sticker that says it'll output 1000a . does not mean it'll output that . it is significantly cheaper to make a low-power supply than it is to make a high-power power supply . making the latter means you need a bigger transformer ( with heavier windings ) , larger capacitor ( s ) , larger inductor ( s ) and higher current rectifier ( s ) , all of which add up to more money . if you are trying to make stuff on the cheap and are not worried about pesky things like ethics , you will go with the lower end components and massage the specs ( by testing at low temperatures , etc . this is especially common with computer power supplies which specify output at 25c , even though they would actually operate at ~40c unless you are using them inside a refrigerator ) , use theoretical values rather than actually testing the product ( saving money on qa ) , or just outright lie about the specs , the latter of which is probably the case with this charger , for reasons below . one big red warning light that your charger is substandard is that the ce mark ( which is used to indicate conformance to eu standards ) is fake . the shape of the letters and their spacing is wrong . a real ce mark should have the letters each forming a half-and-a-bit circle and should link up if you continue the arc , as shown below . a cursory glance at the mark on your charger shows it looks nothing like this . the ccc mark ( indicating compliance to chinese standards ) is also fake . other warnings signs include having no manufacturer listed and improper capitalization ( should be ma , not ma , unless they are claiming is can supply a billion amps . ) . in essence , to determine if a charger is likely to be substandard , apply the same thoughts as you would for determining whether a product is counterfeit . the only real difference between a substandard product and most counterfeits is whether a manufacturer 's label is forged or not .
aside from the actual power provided , there is another variable : whether the device recognizes that the charger is capable of putting out the rated amps . devices have some different strategies for recognizing what rating a charger has . now when connected to a computer , it is easy - the numbers come across during usb enumeration . but when connecting to a dumb charger , it is harder , and you do not want to try to draw too much , as that will cause the charger 's over-current protection to kick in and cut it off . i know that apple uses a specific set of resistors in their charges to produce specific voltages on the usb data lines . their devices then look for those voltages and take them to mean that they can draw some larger amount of current . the problem with this is that there do not seem to be a lot of standards on this detection - different devices seem to do different things . i would guess that your cheapo-charger does not do whatever the galaxy nexus requires to recognize that the charger is capable of 1 amp , so it does not try to charge at the higher rate .
even 10a charger will not fast that fast because android recognized your charger as 500mah . workaround https://dangerousthings.com/shop/android-fast-charge-usb-cable/ or by shorting data+ and data-
if smartphone is taking longer with cheapy charger for full charge , it means that the cheapy is giving less power . there is no exception or loophole with that . grab a multimeter and measure the output by your own . in this case , the printed specs ( 5v/1a ) may simply be wrong or there may be other things like cable , connector etc which are screwing the output .
just like resistors , chargers have error margins , it is just not written on them , simply because it should be negligible in the case of known brands . your phone will not even charge if the charger is deviating a lot from the designated voltage . it is not even supposed to harm your phone because modern phones have fail safe measures in them . now if the charger is having the right voltage , the speed of charging is dependent on the amount of current it passes . and here is where the problem lies with cheap chargers . cheap components affect the amount of current passing through them .
notification light turns only when there is a notification for say facebook or gmail etc not for charging and all . there is no option of turning on the notification light at the time of charging in stock so if you need it then you can use light flow it allows to put custom led color at different events .
try something like this . its an app that has sorted that sort of problem for alot of people . hope that does the trick .
i do not have the galaxy s2 or swype any more , but i was able to fix the problem by changing the screen orientation and then changing it back again . once i did this , the corrections came back . i found this out purely by accident but was able to repeat it to confirm the fix the next time the problem happened .
asssuming you mean adobe photoshop express it is set by default to only show you camera pictures . you should be able to change a setting to make it look at the rest of your phone 's storage . open photoshop express , press menu ( on ics press the ... in the corner of the screen ) , select more and then settings and scroll down to near the bottom where you should see the option show camera photos only in phone view , take the tick out of the box and press back to get back to the main photoshop express window where you should already see it filling up with all the pictures it can find .
i fixed by giving the mobile calendar the same name as its called on google . . .
it is possible to create default event reminds by accessing your calender through the google calendar website . access your settings wrench icon > setting access your calendar 's specific settings calendars tab > click on your calendar add a default reminder notifications tab > add a reminder most mobile devices with calendar applications support pop-up reminders and may chime and show a an alert to notify you of the event . i prefer this method so that i can specify a special sound for calendar notifications vs normal emails , but this is where you would create an email notification . it seems you want to remove the pop-up notifications , and add an email notification . you can create a new calendar and adjust it is notifications if you do not want to receive an email for every event/only want email notifications for specific events .
go calendar tap the event you want to add a reminder for ( or create a new event ) tap add reminder to the right of the time drop down you should see notification as a drop down tap this . select email tried on android 4.1 , google nexus 5 . hope this is what you are looking for .
if you have got a replacement app , you could utilize tasker for that : condition : docked task : start app [ your-replacement-app-here ] on the next docking , you would be asked for the app to perform this action with . decide for " tasker " and see if it works as expected . if it does , make it the default next time . as alternate app you could e.g. use desk clock plus , which might even support this without the help of tasker .
" does not work outside us currently . we are working on getting a fix out . " . . . told me les vogel who is the staff developer programs engineer - googletv so i think we will have to wait .
as far i as i know this feature is available on stock rom given by the manufacturer . may be someone might consider this and do a work around to fix this issue on cyanogenmod rom . even this key does not work with other soft keyboard applications .
odds are if it is only supported on the samsung vibrant there is a good reason why . until blip is released for your phone model or someone manages to modify the app for other phones you are likely out of luck .
very few apps actually retrieve your phone number with the permission " phone calls - read phone state and identity " . skype does , as scanned by the app privacy inspector . to echo olegas : what does skype need this for ? to address iconik 's statement of " permissions . . . should be obvious": obvious , yes . specific , no . that is why i am glad privacy inspector provides clarity .
your accounts - skype acts as an account authenticator the way google does ; most likely used to easily store your skype username and password your location - probably for statistics and some location-based features your personal information - allows you to directly call a contact 's phone number , as well as their skype account , from the contacts application phone calls - almost every application needs access to to this section in order to get the phone 's unique id . skype also needs this to know if the phone is in a call . storage - probably to store cached data system tools - all of these allow skype to prevent the phone becoming idle during a call , as well as sync contacts all other permissions should be obvious .
when you come out of the app pressing home button , it is state is stored . so no matter how many messages you get , you still go the previous message you were looking at , if you press messaging app . . . to prevent this , when you get a new message open notifications instead of messaging app . . this makes app refresh it is previous state to the current one . .
yes there is a way . it is called foldersync . it allows you to set up folder pairs to sync and the full version even allows you to sync on changes . it also supports several other cloud services .
i have a galaxy tablet ( gt-n8013 ) . in the dropbox application , you can ' star ' specific files or folders to download to your device . this is useful if your tablet will be offline ( no wifi ) for a period of time . changes that you make to the document on the tablet will be saved to your dropbox folder , and when you re-connect to the internet will become available almost immediately . if you are going to be somewhere that has wifi , the dropbox folder allows you to open the documents from dropbox , use them , make changes or notes , and save back to dropbox . this makes it very easy to take documents to meetings via the tablet using the dropbox folder .
you could use a different account for the phone , and just share the folders you want to sync to the phone account . 15 oct saw a down-vote , so perhaps it was not clear . it is quite easy to share files between dropbox accounts . of course this is only relevant if you use a dropbox app that does not allow selective syncing . ( there are many dropbox apps )
you can use android device emulator for this . it is packaged with the android sdk and a virtual mobile device that runs on your computer . the emulator lets you develop and test android applications without using a physical device . link : http://developer.android.com/tools/help/emulator.html
here is bluestacks which gives you exactly all you want . 100 times better than emulator . i have seen my colleagues using watsapp , playing temple run ( not efficiently ) in that . you can root it too .
in fact the charging time depends on two points : the output current of the adapter or the usb . the output current of the pc is only 0.5a , it may charge slowly than most of the ac adapters ( most of the ac adapters are 1a or more ) . the input current and the charging convert rate of the phone . different phones have different input current due to limited current protection for them . for example , the limites current for nokia is 0.5a , the input current is only 0.5a even you use an ac adapter with 1.0a output . beside , the charging convert rate is also different according to the models .
to charge at the maximum rate , the charger must identify itself as a charging device by shorting two middle usb pins . this is in the usb specification . proper chargers come like this . other chargers can be modified to short the pins together . i have personally modded a griffin usb car charger in this manner . before the change , it would charge in " usb " mode . after soldering together the two pins , the phone charges in " ac " mode . one caveat : i have not done any tests to see if this changes the charging rate , but it certainly charges quickly after the mod . everything i have read about this phone says that it will only pull 500 ma in " usb " mode . references : wikipedia entry regarding usb charging spec . look for the words " dedicated charging port . " amazon user review with instructions for modding a certain car charger .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
you do not need to scroll all the way to the top to see the url field in the standard browser . at any point in the page just pull the screen down very slightly and it pulls the url bar at the top down with it , it should then stay visible for about 2 seconds unless you tap in the bar . this is also the easiest way to access any other tabs that you have got open .
i do not think there is a way in the twitter app , but if you really want that functionality , seesmic has it .
and hootsuite has their ow . ly shortener see other options @ comparison of twitter apps
http://m.androidcentral.com/how-get-developer-settings-galaxy-s4 head into the settings menu . samsung 's done things a little differently and changed the way the settings menu looks , so you will need to hit the " more " tab , and then get into the software information . look for " about device " at the bottom . tap it . hop on down to the build number , and tap it seven times . one . two . three . four . five . six . you will get a little prompt saying you are about to unlock the developer settings . hit that button one final time -- seven ! -- and they are unlocked . have you tried this ? its really a bit tricky .
this might work . android screencast it is a way to see and control your phone from pc . should let you enable usb debugging at least .
you can try this : 1 ) go to settings -> about phone 2 ) look for " build number " 3 ) tap on it continuously for few times , you will see message that the developer mode is activated . .
apps can obtain higher privileges . for example 3g watchdog ( a data usage monitoring app ) requests users for higher privileges so that it cannot be killed . it may be the same case with adw launcher .
to be honest , it sounds like a hardware fault in the phone , especially since you say it is been happening since you bought the phone . if the phone were still new , i would say you should take it back to the shop , but by flashing a new rom you have voided the warranty . to answer your question : no , it is not normal for that phone . i have known a few galaxy s2 owners , and you should get as much life out of it as any other smartphone : a couple of days between charges if you do not use it heavily .
if it does not work out of the box , which is the case with many android phones , then you have a few different options : a launcher replacement which adds this feature ( may not work with all roms ) a custom rom like cyanogen mod , which has this feature built in . you can read more about custom roms here wait for an official update which adds this feature . ( may never happen )
yes , it is possible . some devices even have an official ( branded ) adaptor for doing this , such as the asus transformer tf-101 . as you surmise , though , if the tablet does not support it , external convertors are quite unwieldy and typically need their own power supply , as they typically have to buffer a whole frame at a time in order to work . newer data projectors support hdmi or even mhl input , which allows you to use any tablet or phone with micro-hdmi or mhl output , with the appropriate cable . using either method , the presentations do not have to be of what is on your screen . android 4.1 and up provide a way for apps to send different visuals to the external display from the built-in screen , so ( for example ) presentation apps can show your slide on the big screen and notes and controls on the tablet itself .
this approach will work ( provided there are no proprietary funny locks in place anywhere ) , but the recovery partition is no party to it from the very beginning . the default . prop is overwritten on bootup , copied from the boot partition , which is not a directly accessible file system . you need an image of the boot partition , which you will then unpack , make the change , and repack . assuming you know how to go about doing all that ( since you say you tried it with the recovery ) , i must warn ahead that often times it is necessary to include the base address when making the image with mkbootimg . there is no way to know when it is required , so it is safe to always include a base address . you can follow a tutorial here : www.freeyourandroid.com/guide/extract-edit-repack-boot-img-windows the script includes the od command with which you can get the base address , in case you want to make your own script . for more on the manual steps ( for reproducing on gnu/linux ) : android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i do not recommend use of the unpack/repack scripts , as they have hardcoded lines not portable across cases . use split_bootimg . pl , then gunzip and cpio extract it , after which you will again use cpio and gzip it , followed by the mkbootimg command . the only exception is for mtk65xx devices , where you will need the relevant unpack/repack tools ( because they have very different offsets ; you will also skip the mkbootimg as the repack script does it for you ) : github.com/bgcngm/mtk-tools and here is an on-going example of a chinese rebranded phone going through the same thing to finally get root : forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1818146page=5 i am sorry i have to strip off proper links , but i am apparently considered potential spam . also , i have not been rather thorough because i am not really sure you had want more verbosity .
the above approach did not seem to work . either because the stock recovery put up was not meant for the device or the method is not this easy and may involve making other changes . the phone would not go into recovery mode , which is the only mode in which you would get a privileged shell to perform the necessary operations to obtain permanent root . another method would be to modify the build . prop in the boot image itself , repack and then flash it and adb to get a privileged shell in normal operating mode . better to follow someone else 's procedure when you are not too sure about your own .
first of all , you need to to flash clockwork mod recovery over your default stock recovery . then get into clockworkmod recovery . after that you can flash any cynogenmod roms . use this guide to work with odin .
it looks like the key was holding down volume-down , power , and camera buttons until the capacitive buttons ( home , search , etc ) lit up , which was longer than until the screen flashed ( as stated in the cyanogenmod wiki ) .
there is some documentation on the aosp site : getevent plus several howtos like e.g. android , writing events low level touch screen automated shell turning the output from getevent into something something that can be used how to emulate key presses adb shell sendevent , sending touch like events android , low level shell click on screen however , the answer to your question on google groups states : no , this is fairly device-dependent . getevent prints a summary of all the devices so you know what those are . the data generated for a device are generally the linux kernel 's event protocol , so you can look there for further help , but there is no guarantee that a particular device will be following those conventions .
that will depend on the factors for the kernel in question : if it has uinput enabled then that is good . . . touchscreen drivers , some initialize themselves to reside anywhere within /dev/input/eventx how the kernel handles the input , for the hardware buttons if this passes the three criteria above , then by reading certain events from /dev/input/eventx where x is a number - this will be determined at boot-time , depending on the ordering of loading the appropriate drivers . this will vary but you can try it out and see : adb shell cat /dev/input/eventx ( where x is a number , you will need to know before hand ! ) depending on which event it is then you can see funny things happening on the screen based on the appropriate /dev/input/eventx being outputted . the values are in encoded form , based on the kernel 's input structure - struct input_event which can be found in most kernel sources under include/linux/input.h . be careful ! depending on the touchscreen driver used , some , do not actually return the proper coordinates - that is left as an exercise : ) on the samsung gt-i5500 running eclair , /dev/input/event2 is the touchscreen and the values are in encoded form , this is not to be taken for granted as that will depend on what touchscreen driver is used . on the sony st15i , running ics , its , surprisingly , the same ! but on the zte blade , its /dev/input/event1 . incidentally , i did some work about a year ago , on creating a touchscreen for clockworkmod recovery which can be found over on modaco . the real painful part was trying to determine which event was the touchscreen and act on it accordingly which was ported over to zte skate , zte racer and samsung gt-i5500 .
what does the developer say ? seriously every single rom that i have ever seen contained detailed instructions and more often than not a faq of some sorts for this reason exactly . anyway , if the zip file contains a boot.img file than it is safe to assume that it will be flashed . the updater-script that handles the copying of files is generated automatically when the rom is compiled so unless someone removes it , the kernel will be flashed .
try the smart screen protector application from the play store . it claims to disable the lock key when the screen is locked even with the pin . does not require a root device if it does not work then you can increase the delay time as suggested by the app .
i dont think it is possible with that rom . what you can do is to change the button 's task when phone is locked ( like activator on ios ) . i think cm7 is not supports this feature but you can simply find it by google it ( button task changer or something like that ) .
with fastboot tools you should still be able to access your device via usb . get the android-sdk-tools from google , and give it a try http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/doc:_fastboot_intro http ://wiki . cyanogenmod . org/w/doc:_adb_intro in this wikis you will also find plenty ways to unbrick your device : unbrick android xda - google-suche https ://www.google.de/search?q=unbrick+android+xda unbrick any android phone http ://www.beingtricky.com/unbrick-any-android-phone/ these 6 methods will help you unbrick any android device - droidiser http ://www.droidiser.com/2013/07/how-to-unbrick-any-android-phone.html fastboot-unbrick your device with ' no display ' - my community http ://forums.droidbeans.com//tutorials/fastboot-to-unbrick-your-device/ xda-developers - threads tagged with unbrick http ://forum.xda-developers.com/tags.php?tag=unbrick [ release ] one-click unbrick updated 10july11 - xda-developers http ://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1153310 hope this will help
it could be because of a few reasons : the app is a paid app and your country does not support purchasing paid apps ( i do not know if india can or not yet ? ) your phone does not meet the min sdk requirements of the app . for instance , the app may require 2.1+ features , but your phone is running android 1.5 or 1.6 your phone is missing a feature that the app requires in order to use it ( things like sd cards , trackballs , etc . ) the app is carrier limited ( skype was an example of this ) market bug . occasionally there are listing problems in the market , especially if an app was recently updated
it happens the same to me . . . and for such popular apps as weatherbug , which is supposed to work with " all android versions " , according to them . i am running ecclair ( 2.1 update 1 ) of the same device ( xperia x10 mini ) . i could not find the wordreference app either , which i do not think requires too many features . so , according to bryan 's answer , and for these specific cases , i would point to . . . your phone is missing a feature that the app requires in order to use it ( things like sd cards , trackballs , etc . ) market bug . occasionally there are listing problems in the market , especially if an app was recently updated but , what can of special feaure can require a dictionary ? could it be becuase of the littlescreen size ?
pl check your gmail account with which you logged into market site is the same primary gamil account on your phone . the second reason that your phone does not support the listed apps . but i am using xperia mini pro . i have those apps installed on my phone .
32.54.00.32u_5.14.05.17 seems to be latest radio ; this may help . .
check your apn settings . make sure it is pointing to the right one , http://www.t-mod.org/?page_id=72
i think i have found the solution . . . i upgraded my rom to the latest version ( just released recently ) : http://android-roms.net/desire/2011/01/22/oxygen-v2-0-rc7/ it is now perfectly stable and has not dropped out in 12 hours . . lets hope it stays that way : )
no , it is because at first boot ( ie : inizialization ) , android creates a battery stat file to calibrate the battery . after the first boot , you can start android with any battery percentage . if you think that after a long time , the battery percentage is not correctly reported , you can force android to recreate the stats file with some root utilities available in the market skype/msn do draw a lot of battery , anyway , if you are using them from windows mobile , they are not running from android . you could try using greenpower or juicedefender to see if the data connection is the problem
if you do not mind having to completely re-configure it , and start as if you had just installed that app : go to settings → apps scroll to the app in question , tap it select to " delete cache " and " delete data " now you have completely " refreshed " it . with some luck , the app somehow offers to export its configuration ; if so , do that first , and re-import the settings after above described " reset " to save you from manually reconfiguring it .
it wants to be device admin in security . unstick the device admin and use a separate app like owa for exchange mail
even if it might only cover a part of your question : do not let you scare by those " virus " marketing bluff . there is no such thing as a virus on android , and hardly will be . sure some companies want to sell you their " anti virus product " . but if you take a deeper look at what it really does ( apart from the marketing buzzwords ) , none of them seems to really deal with viruses ( how should they , if there are none ? ) . so what is the thing behind it ? mixing of terms . today far to many people taking " virus " as the " master-term " including all kinds of malware : virii themselves , trojans , and other evil doers . the wikipedia article on the term " computer virus " starts right away with the most important fact : a computer virus is a computer program that can replicate itself and spread from one computer to another . ever heard of such a thing on android ? no , here the user has to explicitly install it , and agree to its requested permissions . so how should this spread itself ? ( malicious gossip has it these terms apply to the windows os and most of its payed programs : they replicate and spread from computer to computer via file sharing . . . ) . so wikipedia continues : the term " virus " is also commonly , but erroneously , used to refer to other types of malware , including but not limited to adware and spyware programs that do not have a reproductive ability . there you go : you do not have a virus .
uhhhh , that is not a virus ! who told you that ? : ) kworker is part of the linux kernel 's scheduler in which it manages the processes running and switching to it a la multitasking . that is normal behaviour of the kernel ! it exists on the desktop linux also , see this example to illustrate : the reason that it is " using about 80 % of the cpu " is that there is some apps running that are consuming a lot of cpu cycles . all in all , nothing to worry about .
to my experience , headset control behaved randomly . took me a couple of weeks to figure out why suddenly in my training sessions the music player started ( wow ! that button on the headset suddenly does something . . . ) . like you , i never found any corresponding system settings . to get rid of that " random system " , i took a look around . as usual with android , almost everything is triggering ( or triggered by ) an intent , and a listener reacts on that . if there are multiple listeners , the user will be asked with which app to perform the action -- and can declare that app the standard ; which holds until a new app registers or the chosen app gets uninstalled . that said , i went to the playstore and took a look around -- and indeed , there are multiple apps around taking care of the button-presses : single press , double , triple , long-hold , klick-and-hold . . . i never imagined how much to do with a single button :d unfortunately for me , i could not yet convince the one app i tried to behave as intended -- except for single click and single hold ( i.e. . play/stop/take-call and volume-up ) -- but that may be due to the combination of headset/phone/app , and i certainly will try to figure this out by evaluating different apps . to give you a starting point : there is e.g. jays headset control , which i currently use . though highly configurable 1 , see above for my problems ( philips plugs , motorola device ) . then there is also headset droid which looks quite promising 2 , but costs about eur 2 . this seems to support multiple buttons even , from the screenshots . then there are headset button controller ( also about eur 2 ) , philips headset ( free -- the next one i should try with my philips headset ) , and a lot more -- just search the playstore for " headsetbutton " . . .
android will always use wifi once it is connected . you just have to disable mobile data . to do so go to Settings &rarr ; Mobile network settings and uncheck Data enabled .
to manually start and stop internet : go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and networks -&gt; Mobile networks and disable Mobile data . this will stop internet connection through mobile network . enable this to start internet again . to stop it permanently : some application may start internet automatically , so to prevent accidental internet consumption , create a new dummy Access Point Name in Mobile networks section and select that apn . so from next time your whenever you or any application try to connect to internet though mobile network it will try to connect though that dummy access point and internet will not start . internet will only work when you connect to wifi .
you could physical approaches , such as setting a fan blowing across the phone or other airflow maximization ( e . g . , if you can stand it up , then both the back and front are exposed to air ) . lastly , if it does not interfere with the radios , you could try resting it on an upside-down heavy-duty aluminum jellyroll pan ( "cookie sheet" ) which will function as a heat sink . you can combine approaches of course ; a fan blowing over the jellyroll pan will be even better . that you are getting several hours before overheat tells me you are close , so you probably will not need to do much to dissipate the heat . standing the phone up may be enough . a fan almost certainly will be .
most articles i have encountered where people wish to undertake a complete image backup of their device requires root . however i have come across an article written in how-to geek entitled " how to create a full android phone or tablet backup without rooting or unlocking your device " . the article will take you throught the steps of : installing the android sdk device setup testing adb backing up your device restoring a backup http://www.howtogeek.com/125375/how-to-create-a-full-android-phone-or-tablet-backup-without-rooting-or-unlocking-your-device/ the article concludes by saying the complexity of using the android sdk to create and restore backups is a bit much for the average user .
this might help : [ guide ] full phone backup without unlock or root although it is talking about galaxy nexus , but this method is completely compatible with your nexus 7 .
settings > accounts and sync > john . doe@gmail . com tick the sync contacts checkbox : ) make your phone connect to the internet and wait to see the google magic : ) just in my case it syncs the contact photos perfectly : )
the publisher of this app may have changed their package name when updating the app . usually , apps have the same package name for its entire lifetime , which is how the phone knows to update a current app instead of installing a new one . if this is the case , you should uninstall the old app . the quickest ( and easiest ) fix is to uninstall both and reinstall the latest version . provided the app 's package name does not change again during the next update , this should solve your issue .
i have no experience with this specific app , however here 's my two cents on the second half of your question . the android security model is very well thought out . android runs on the linux kernel ( a modified version ) and sandboxes every app through a variety of measures , including running each under a different user account . the biggest legitimate threat you have is installing malicious apps . most likely these will be trojans that ask for reasonable permissions ( reading your sd card , communicating with the network ) and use them for nefarious purposes . if i remember correctly , the malware prevention portion of avg works by scanning apps before you install them , much like desktop virus scans work . this is a reasonable way of protecting you , malicious apps can be added to a database and you are warned if anything you download ( from either the internet or the market ) is known to be bad . the only catch is that google usually removes illegal and malicious app from the play store within a few days of it becoming available . ( i have nothing but anecdotal evidence to back that claim up though ) so if you are installing a lot of apps from sources other than the play store , or you do not trust google to quickly catch malicious apps , installing an anti-virus is probably a good bet .
truth is , scanning consumes cpu cycles , which in turn consumes battery juice . . . also , if there is nothing to worry about , what are these av apps doing ? scanning with an empty database ? that is why it should be avoided at all costs and ignore the so-called anti-virus products as that is fear-mongering into scaring you psychologically and likely , end up " paying for their product " so that you had feel ' safer ' and lulling you into a false sense of security ! ultimately it boils down to a bit of common-sense and double-check on the reviews and weigh it up carefully , users are not likely to bother reading what sort of permissions there are , the reviews , and so on , especially , from countries where buying an app is impossible due to legalities and restrictions within that country 's jurisdiction and laws ! in relation to permissions , that is why developers post explicitly on the overview page on the play store , what sort of permissions there are and explain it , around the top of the page , due to the fact end-users themselves are not bothering to click on the ' permissions ' tab page ! henceforth , for some users , who do not want to buy , they ultimately end up being the victim and also for users from these countries , which end up resorting to downloading from unknown and dodgy websites , so do not be downloading from dodgy warez websites either ! pro-tip if you happen to be in one of those countries or that you do not want to buy , email the developer of the app personally and ask them if some sort of agreement can be made , it can be done , perhaps by using paypal or similar . . . developers are not " out to get you " , in fact , they are friendly ! : ) yes to be blunt , android apps can easily , be modified by someone who has knowledge of the code , due to their nature , and quite likely , to have some malicious code ( read not virus . . but a trojan ! ) that fools the user , into thinking the app is " all-good " when in fact behind the scenes , it is sending out some logs/emails etc . . . that is often the reason why there should be a firewall in place to block unknown apps for a few days and monitor it . the sad truth , is , no-one gives a damn or care about that and end up posting " why is my phone bill so high ? " or " why is my battery getting sucked down very quickly ? " it is those clues that are the dead-giveaway of something quirky going on and should set off alarm bells in the head as in " oh , that is funny , ever since i installed x app , this started appearing " but are the end-users going to care . . and carry on in denial . . . ? that is where the so called anti-virus software vendors kick in . . . hence a vicious circle ensues . . . not to be an alarmist , remember this much : android is not equal to windows where viruses and malware are more commonly seen and prevalent !
anyone had this message when scaning settings ? : your phone settings are ok , no misconfigured settings were found . the scan confirms the integrity of the phone settings , the linux enviornment settings , linux core level settings , sytem process , network card ( nic ) , detect network problems and can identify jail broken devices and sim card replacement .
finally found solution via editing /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db file via sqlite3 . just adb pull that file to your computer , if you use stock recovery you must mount userdata partition manually , in that case see android adb shell recovery mounting for hints . also you can not just pull the file directly but copy it inside adb shell to your sdcard or some intermediary filesystem . eg . busybox cp sett* /sdcard to get rid of the initial setup : yes , the device_provisioned must be present in both tables . however on the stock jb there was no global table , so you do not need to take care of it and the secure table is missing some records we update here so these need to be inserted instead . on stock jb before editing the settings . db run PRAGMA wal_checkpoint and PRAGMA journal_mode = DELETE described here : stackexchange-url otherwise updates on existing rows will not take effect because android will rollback on reboot . for cyanogenmod 11 just delete the settings . db-journal file and it should be ok . it was neccessary after pushing the settings . db file back to folder on device to chmod 660 settings.db chown system:system settings.db  in this order , because chmod may set the owner and group back to root usb otg mouse is still not working sadly , so i guess i must get access for adb anyway . to enable usb debugging ( adb ) : setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 ('setprop persist.sys.usb.config mtp,adb' if needed)  settings . db : update secure set value=5037 where name='adb_port'; update global set value=1 where name='adb_enabled';  after booting dialog to confirm pc 's fingerprint appears . to avoid this get your adbkey . pub ( on linux may be located at ~/ . android ) : adb push adbkey.pub /data/misc/adb/adbkey.pub cat adbkey.pub &gt;&gt; adb_keys  after all of this you can input tap|swipe|text anything to control your phone and get access for bluetooth or otg mouse/keyboard etc . i hope this helps . the fingerprint injection is needed for android 4.2.2+ . thanks to xda-developers and android issues with adb security at code.google.com.
i had the same problem . solved it by installing sharekm ( app that allows you to control your android phone with a pc 's keyboard and mouse ) . after you run the sharekm app it will probably tell you it is outdated and you will not be able to run it . a workaround ( found in this xda thread ) is to first kill the app , clear its cache and set the date on your phone to 3/30/2014 .
the rumored google babel may be the solution you are looking for . hopefully it will be announced/released before or at google i/o .
google talk does not have any of those features . it is meant as a complement to gmail , and it is intended that if you want to send files or persistent things to your chat partner , you had email them . if you want a chat system that has all the features of whatsapp , why not just use whatsapp ?
some phones have an issue where they " think " a headset is plugged in when there is no headset . this causes the speaker and earpiece to not function . try using my app , soundabout , to alleviate this issue .
i too had a same problem on xeperia x8 . i guess the cause was i kept on downloading the android apps without restarting the mobile for months . after experiencing similar issue like you i have just restarted my mobile , did not revert any settings to default or upgrade os to latest . it solved ! ! .
i found out that it was my lock button , i put on my otterbox then banged my lock button against my table fairly hard , but if you do not have a good case i do not recommend that because it would probably crack your phone . use your wrist
the info i am finding suggests that you need a 4-ring trrs connector to use a mic , and that the bundled sound recorder app will ignore this regardless and just use the internal mic , so you will need a different recording app .
if you have not tried this yet , i think you should try syncing your device . to sync the device , you tap on the settings button on the top right and select sync .
yes and it is called xposed additions - available as a free or paid version on the play store . i use it to disable the power button wake on my galaxy s4 and replace it with the " media play/pause " function and it works flawlessly .
check this article out . using m . boomeranggmail . com you can sign in with your gmail account and schedule delivery times for your emails . as of now there is not a standalone app , only the mobile web app . but it will do what you are wanting !
you can use the itravelfree app to save wikitravel pages and view them offline .
thanks for suggesting itravelfree , that is my first choice . i stumbled upon a lower tech solution that might appeal some people : oxygen guide which is a free mobile friendly dump of the wikitravel website .
also try a different usb cable . sometimes cables can be finicky .
did you encrypted your device storage ? if no then just backup your all data and give it a factory reset . it should fix the problem . had this problem with my s3 for two times . now its ' running fine .
i was not able to know what is the problem with my device . but after performing a factory data reset , it is now working . : )
neither of these answers worked for me when this happened to my friends phone . usb debugging was never turned on because she had no need for it . the screen however was completely busted after being dropped face down on the sidewalk . the only way that i could find to clear her data was to connect the galaxy note 2 to my ubuntu box and delete all the directories except for " android " and the " device_id . txt " file . i hope this helps someone else .
if you have the android sdk installed on your computer ( otherwise , see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , you can use the fastboot utility for that – provided usb debugging was activated on the device ( which might be the default in recovery mode ) : fastboot erase data fastboot erase cache  these two commands should erase everything from the /data ( user-apps and data ) plus /cache ( app cache ) partitions . so then you only had to take care for information stored on the sdcard ( s ) , which you could erase e.g. via ums/mtp ( concerning the internal sd ) . there might be ways to do this via fastboot as well . take care to not erase things like system or recovery , as that would render the android system unusable – which is not what you want . entering the fastboot command without parameters lists up what you can do with this utility ( syntax etc . ) . for more details , you might want to watch some introductionary video : fastboot clean erase tutorial : that describes a complete erase of the device , followed by a re-flash .
hold volume up + home + power key wait for 3 mins press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 6 times press power key that will do a hard reset .
hold volume up + home then power key wait for 3 seconds release buttons press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 7 times press power key that will do a hard reset . wait 60 seconds . hit power again and it will reboot the phone .
one of the advantages of a physical sd card : unmounting and re-mounting it triggers the media scanner . but that is unlikely to be an option for you . 1 depending on your android version , there are different apps available on google play to help you out . the " version difference": starting with kitkat , the old mechanism of triggering the media scanner does no longer work , " normal apps " are denied the permission to call it . but there is at least one new app available where the dev found a " loop-hole " to give back the functionality . some examples for pre-kitkat scanners can be found in the link of " footnote 1 " , sd scanner is the one promising to work with kitkat . 1 see my answer here for a more detailed explanation of the background
you can safely remove flash and facebook . android browser will not be able to play flash content after you remove it . that is the only downside of it , no breaking or anything else . most of the vendor installed apps are installed in system partition . even if you delete those apps you can not use that freed up space for installing regular program from market .
see this page on the cyanogenmod wiki which gives a pretty detailed analysis of what apps are " safe to remove " from the os .
@roxan is incorrect , it is not safe to remove stock rom apps . if you do so , any future updates from your carrier/manufacturer will not install . a much safer method is to use an app like titanium backup to ' freeze ' the apps , preventing them from being seen by the system and running/being updated . if you really feel the need to uninstall them , you can use titanium backup to back them up first ( requires root ) . that way you can restore them from backup in the future if you need to apply a rom update .
as suggested here : go to the phone application on your phone and enter the following : *#*#2663#*#*  it will take you to the touch screen version screen . click on the " touch key fw update " button on that screen .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
i had the same issue with my galaxy note 2 after upgrade to 4.1.2 . no wifi worked after the upgrade reboot . after lots of trial and error i found that the only wifi working consistently was wep/psk/tkip . no protocol using aes encryption worked - merely " obtaining ip address " . this does not solve the problem , merely a temporary workaround . good luck . forgot to mention that the wep/psk/tkip must be set on your router . power cycle your phone and reenter your password when the phone attempts to connect . also i found that turning off power saving mode on the phone also is required . go to phone dialer and enter *#0011# to enter phone command mode . select menu options and click wifi option . turn off power saving mode . power saving mode = on is default so must be changed after every power cycle .
the only way i know of to prevent this when opening the browser directly is to close all tabs before exiting the browser . if you open a link from another app , you should be able to avoid this as well .
may i ask which version of swype beta are you using ? for my version 1.0.3.5809 , the official documents said : to switch languages from the keyboard : press and hold the space bar select your desired language from the pop-up menu
in my version i simply swype from the swype key to the space bar .
try using handcent sms - it now has support for displaying business card format . if a similar problem occurs , perhaps it would due to the vcard itself ?
one solution is to long-press and save the . vcard to your sd card , then open it in a file manager , like file expert . if you still cannot read the file after viewing it from one of these channels , then your system can probably not view files in this format and i would try downloading a . vcard viewer , if such a thing exists .
in android development there are different logging levels . for example , there is Log.v for verbose , Log.e for level error , Log.w for level warn . all these are visible in logcat during development . then there is Log.wtf which is like Log.e except it has level assert which may actually terminate the program depending on the system . ideally , this should never happen in your app . sidenote : wtf stands for " what a terrible failure " . android docs on this : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/util/log.html
.odt stands for " opendocument text " , a format primarily used with openoffice and its derivates ( staroffice , libreoffice , neooffice ) , but also supported ( at least via filters ) by other office suits , even microsoft 's . there are several viewers available for android , but unfortunately no ( free or cheap ) editors – though the libreoffice team is working on an android version for over a year already . you will find a list of office suites for android in my german overview office-pakete und text-editoren ( after all , for the list you do not need to know the language ) . i also marked those ( partly ) supporting opendocument formats , watch out for the keywords " openoffice " , " libreoffice " , and " opendocument " . i have not tested them , but it seems there is one supporting reading and writing of opendocument formats : office 2012: textmaker mobile ( for texts ) , with separate apps for calc and presentation . each of the apps is about usd 9 , so they do not come cheap ( compared to other android apps ) . coffice only supports reading those documents , but comes for free , same applies to opendocument reader .
textmaker allows you to open and edit . odt files and does a great job of it . i paid $5 . . odt is the open document text format which is an open international standard , there are many other desktop programs that support this format that are not derived from openoffice such as calligra words , abiword , kingsoft office etc .
this issue solved itself over time with no changes needed .
it appears this is a bug with the s3 phone . apk . the xda thread does not have a solution , but there are some things to try . . . i just do not know if they will actually fix the issue . you could try installing a replacement dialer . if you are rooted , you could try finding an alternative phone . apk ( perhaps from the s2 ) . finally , a custom rom built on aosp ( like cyanogenmod ) may not have this issue .
using adb , you can use adb pull to take any file you want from your phone , event if it is protected and locked ( i tried on 4.1.2 , do not know if it works on more up to date versions ) . only the /data folder needs root privileges to be read and it is where your contacts are stored . if you have root privileges , you can look at this answer to know where you can find them . note that you have to enable usb debugging before trying these steps .
why is there no " forgot pin " or a mail recovery option there ? : ( see if this app is compatible and use it : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.thomascannon.screenlockbypass.pro if you have your contacts synced on your google account , they will automatically get restored . this might help you get the data back : http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/androidcommandline/article.html#adb_copy
busybox is a single utility that contains the functionality of many of the basic unix tools . it is used on most embedded-linux systems instead of having separate executables for each utility , which wastes space owing to code duplication . there are several busybox installers available on google play , and one on f-droid . custom roms often have busybox built-in . in addition , grep and cat ( and a few more ) are already built into android . android has its own busybox-like called toolbox , but it is a lot smaller ( i.e. . more limited ) than the full busybox . you can access toolbox commands ( or busybox commands once you have installed it ) from a terminal emulator , in just the same way as any unix system .
it happens when tab is unloaded from memory . your thinking for multitasking is right , but just for multitasking , android can not let device crashing happen , for example ( device hardware resources are limited ) . there are many things which should be given higher priority than a background app . when foreground app needs high amount of memory , background apps are unloaded fully or partially from memory . technically , when free memory drops below certain level , attack on background apps is performed . in fact , foreground app can also be attacked when kernel runs out of memory . when it comes to websites , web browsers often make request of removed things of website ( which are not available in disc cache ) . to re-construct a web page , its better to reload webpage . you can check it with dolphin browser hd : send it to background and disconnect from internet . then , re-open it . webpage will be reloaded , but using cache ( mind it , there is no internet connection ) .
the problem if i put my still finger on the screen , the " cursor " will shake vigorously can be caused by the power supply . touchscreen sensors seem to be very sensitive to power supply ripple . it is easy to check ; unplug the power cable ( on a phone this is usually also the usb cable ) so that you are running from battery , and see if the problem goes away . be sure your wall charger has enough power ( check the output current against the phone/tablet spec ) .
to answer you questions : could this be caused by the screen protector ? possibly . take the screen protector off and see if the problem persists . my screen protector does not affect the functioning of my screen at all . this is going to depend on the particular screen protector ( i am sure there are cheap , bad ones ) and the particular phone ( they all have different screens and some have calibrations , some dont , some have screen sensitivity adjustment options , some do not ) . is there any noticeable benefit of using screen protector ? or are they just a waste of time and money ? yes there is a benefit , they protect the screen , and no they are not a waste of money . i have scratched/scuffed the hell out of my screen protector and all i had to do was remove it , and put a new one on and my phone was as good as new . had i not had a screen protector my phone would be unusable now , so for just a few dollars and no performance cost my phones screen is as pristine as the day i got the phone . that being said , my job and my lifestyle tend to put the phone through a lot of abuse ; o ) my recommendation : take the screen protector off and go from there . if that does not work and it is under warranty , bring it back . there are so many factors that can affect the touchscreen because it is the basis for all inputs and outputs of the device and troubleshooting can take a while . i would be surprised if it was the humidity or heat difference between indoor and out , but there are a number of different things that can change from indoor to out and if theres a bug , they may be affecting how your phone operates : gps , wifi , reception , auto-brightness sensor . this correlation could also be a coincidence . it could be a particular app that is not playing nice with android and your phones firmware . you will need to to systematically isolate the conditions that affect the problems with your screen and the ones that do not , but ultimately it could just turn out to be a bad unit .
screen protectors seem to have no effect on touchscreen sensitivity . i carry my phone in a small thick clear plastic bag . sometimes i take the phone out to operate it but more often i do not - and it works beautifully . the problem you have is more likely to do with parasitic capacitive coupling sneaking in from somewhere in your setup .
you can also use your web browser from your computer and go to the my apps section of google play . here you can select the device you want to remove the app from , and click the trashcan icon next to it . this will uninstall the app from that device only . trashcan icon to uninstall an app from the selected device
yes , they have separate lists - you can uninstall from the tablet or phone without affecting the other device .
there is a separate downloads app , which shows a list of downloads from all apps . downloads are saved in the " downloads " directory in the sd card , which means that downloaded videos show up in the " downloads " album in gallery .
have you tried with google maps engine ?
i was correct - the stock recovery was not being substituted for a custom recovery . i have since tried a number of things : first i tried installing the " freegee " app . trying to install a custom recovery resulted in the error " your devices specific software version of d80220d is not currently supported " . second , i tried following this guide resulted in the error : Loki tool v2.1 [-] Loki aboot version does not match device. 1|root@g2:/data/local/tmp # exit 1|shell@g2:/ $  what eventually worked was downloading the autorec . apk for the lg g2 d802 and installing it using adb : adb install d802_autorec . apk i downloaded the . apk from here . twrp recovery was installed successfully . more information on autorec is here .
you can use a file manager app to access the files in your sd card . there are many good ones out there . androzip and astro file manager are some of the bests . if you want to copy files into your pc , use a usb cable and connect your phone . if you want you can use an app like wifi file transfer to transfer files using wifi .
the reason is that android 1.5 and earlier did not require the application to specifically request those permissions and automatically granted them . since android 1.6 , those permissions have to be specifically requested by the app . however , if you specify that your application can run on devices with android 1.5 and less , then that permission is added to the application by default and the market shows that permission as being requested by the application . so in summary , the application may not actually be accessing your " phone state and identity " but if the developer specified that his/her application can run on devices with 1.5 or less then that permission will be shown .
it allows the app to read a unique id ( a phone identifier named imei ) that is associated with your phone . it can therefore help with copy-protection or the attempt to track the number of users .
there is another reason for this than the unique id . i would guess that half of the apps do not access those values at all . the problem is that for a lower version up to android 1.5 this permission does not exist . everybody could access these values without requesting something . therefore if you create an app that is compatible with 1.5 this permission will automatically be added to emulate the lower security of android 1.5 because of that you could ignore this permission in most of the times because it tends to be just a compatibility issue .
the ad providers can use your phone identity to opt you in to telemarketing lists . as long as you have the app you are doing business with them and , by law , they do not have to remove you .
many ad publishers use this permission to get the phone id for all sorts of tracking purposes . there are other ways to get a unique id , but unfortunately they are buggy in older android versions ( the story is more complicated , see e.g. stackexchange-url or http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2011/03/identifying-app-installations.html for a more complete story ) . so if the app uses advertisements , there is a fair chance that the app itself does not actually need the read_phone_state permission , only the ad provider does .
this question has been bothering me quite some time . so now , finally , i decided to get to the bottom of the issue . the playstore has an app named permission . read_phone_state , which requests READ_PHONE_STATE as the only permission , and does nothing else than printing out all data it can access with or without using it . i have installed that on my lg optimus 4x , being rooted on stock android 4.0.3 , and revoked the permission using lbe . results where pretty interesting , as the following screenshots show : information gathered by the app permission . read_phone_state ( click images for larger variants ) as you can easily see , even some information the dev though inaccessible without the permission , was freely accessible : my mailbox number ( remark : yes , it is the correct one ; with my provider that is the shortcut when dialing from your own device , so i can freely display it ; ) at the end of the first screenshot you see : CALL_STATE_IDLE . so no phone call incoming , outgoing , or in progress . no app needs this permission to " background " itself on incoming calls . it is even possible to see whether mobile data are active ( DATA_DISCONNECTED ; i was on wifi when taking the screenshots , as you can see in the notification bar ) , which country you are in , your provider ( including some technical data on him ) , whether you are having a sim card , or if you are in roaming . the only things not accessible hence are identifying data : imei , simid , imsi , and your own phone number . conclusion : this permission is only needed for identification purposes , nothing else . why do so many apps need it then ? for the ad modules , most likely 1 because the dev thought he needs it ( as pointed out by some answers here ) 2 because the app in question is designed to ( also ) run on android 1.5 and below ( easy to find out , as that is listed on google play ) . likelihoods in exactly this order , imho . 1 note by dan 's post on chat : google play policy now forbids apps from getting your imei to identify you for advertising purposes . all the ad libraries have been updated now to use the google-play-services-provided " advertising id " , so any that still use the imei for this purpose should be reported to google . as it is hard for the user to tell what the app is using the imei for , you should ask the developer to explain first . 2 another developer just pointed me to a subtle difference : while the permission is not needed to read the current call status ( as i have pointed out ) , it might be needed to register a listener in order to be notified on changes of the call status ( see : detecting incoming and outgoing phone calls on android ) . while there seem to be means of handling this automatically when the system calls onPause , that might not always be suitable : think of your alarm clock . you might not want to have that automatically stopped on an incoming call – especially not when your profile is set to ringer volume " muted " . 3 again a correction from dan : you only get the default extra permission if your app 's " target " version is 1.5 . if you target a later version but your min version is 1.5 , you do not get the permission added automatically . updates interesting that there is an open issue ( 21504 ) to divide READ_PHONE_STATE in what is needed to a ) detect incoming calls and related ( telephony ) , and a second permission for the identification details ( imei , imsi , etc ) . opened 11/2011 , still not worked on . star it if interested : ) and yes , there is a way to achieve the same ( detecting incoming calls ) without the READ_PHONE_STATE permission , as e.g. pointed out by arno welzel . as an incoming phone call would trigger the ringer , that event could be used with onAudioFocusChange() , which does not require any special permission : if triggered by that , the app could check the callstate ( again , without any special permission required ) to see whether there is an incoming call .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
i had some luck with enhanced email . it does exactly what you are looking for - it lets you override the security setting enforced by your admin . it worked with exchange 2003 , but i have not tested with exchange 2010 or 2013 . i got the application for free from the amazon app store a while ago and it is been working fine on my gs3 phone .
first off , talk to your exchange administrators . see if they deliberately are setting the mobile device security settings so tightly . i would have a discussion with them to see if they can loosen up the security settings . if you only want email you could try k-9 from the app store . it uses imap to get the mail from the server so your exchange server will have to have that turned on .
you might want to try touchdown ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nitrodesk.honey.nitroidhl=en ) it is not a free app , but it does work perfectly with my work email and calendar ( activesync ) without enforcing those extremely restrictive security settings .
a co-worker said he found a work-around with this app : moxier mail . i am using the trial right now and i like it a lot . i really like that it lets me separate my work from the rest of my tablet . it also does not fall under the security requirements . it does require a pin for the app itself and there are useful widgets . all-in-all it seems even better than the built-in e-mail app . the full version 's expensive , but my co-worker says it is worth it .
i would not bet a non-root procedure exists to bypass android server-enforced security policies . even for rooted phones the procedure involves patching or directly replacing the existing email client ( email . apk ) , which is not anything one could do without root privileges . anyway , extreme care must be taken as bypassing security checks you may not just be turning your device more vulnerable and yet most important , likely compromising the data it stores , but may as well be violating your working contract/code of conduct by doing so .
here it is the modified email . apk . ( this is for ice cream sandwich 4.0.1 only ! ) this tool bypasses security restrictions ( the client claims it will enforce the hard reset policies but it will not in fact ) . please use it with extreme caution . there is a specific reason why an administrator configures such a policy , and i would recommend it to everyone . if your phone gets stolen nobody will be able to read your company 's email , which is a secret . lots of industrial accidents occurred because employees lost their mobile devices ( laptops included ) with sensitive data not protected enough . if you fear that a misconfiguration will someday format your device , backup is your best option !
i guess this article was made for you : import/export/move sms messages from windows mobile to android . it mentions several tools to export your sms from winmo to an xml file , which then can be imported on your android device without involving 3rd party tools . it also links to more useful articles on this topic . edit : as the op commented , he was successfully using the piemaster .netguide mentioned on the page i originally linked . as suggested , i add it here in case the originally linked page is unreachable some day .
the solution to my problem was simply revoking all authorisations granted to computers already . after rebooting both my galaxy s3 and my laptop , the pop-up appeared again and i could continue the installation of cyanogenmod , which has now succesfully completed .
unfortunately google play web app does not allow you to the following things : update your current apps ( it can only be done from your devices ) see a list of apps install in a specific devices ( it only tallies all of the apps you ever downloaded into one list ) remove any devices which were previously added to your google account hopefully we can raise awareness through this question so that google finds that enough people will like a lot more functionality from the web app . it is sometimes very functional specially if you work in a computer all day .
it turns out that mtp was the problem . i had to connect as a camera device ( ptp ) .
if the power circuit is torn , it is impossible to join it back . and definitely not with adhesive !
this is a firmware issue , and needs to be addressed by the manufacturer . if you have done a factory reset , then you should contact the manufacturer and tell them that after the latest upgrade , the contact and phone app no longer work . they should release a new upgrade to fix this issue .
for anyone else having this same problem and have a samsung phone , try http://www.samsung.com/us/smart-switch/ it may not have been available when you initially posted the original question , but i just upgraded from an iphone 5 with ios 6 to a samsung galaxy s4 . i wanted to copy over my sms messages and found that most only worked with ios 5 and below . this worked perfectly ( kies for some reason did not provide an option to transfer my messages ) . it also copied over my mms messages .
i got an answer from samsung - was instructed to ' update drivers ' or some such from the window or tools menu . so , this worked for me - got the text components of my sms history , then uninstalled kies due to a conflict with android file transfer on osx 10.8 .
android itself does not provide such a tool , but you can use firewalls that require root , if your device is not rooted , so no problem , there are some applications that use some trick that can prevent apps from being connected to internet , such as noroot firewall . the trick of noroot firewall is that it opens a fake vpn connection for making the phone to send all the packets to the application then you can define for the application which one to allow and which one to deny . so it does not require root access . if your device is rooted you can use droid wall and it will do what you want . you can download it from google play store . note:i am using noroot firewall on my xperia s and xperia z1 for a long time , even my xperia s is rooted but i still use this application for blocking apps from being accessed to internet .
you can use adb to forward the tcp connection : adb forward tcp:8080 tcp:8080
some smartphones like the samsung galaxy s2 lets you create a wi-fi hotspot . unfortunately , this would decrease the phone 's battery life , which is why having a separate device would be better option .
this feature is called wifi tethering , it comes with most modern android devices . you can read more about it on our wifi-tether tag .
yes ! you should be able to clear the stock app from being the default calendar app by following these steps : go to the phone settings select apps scroll to the right two screen , to the ' all ' section scroll down until you can find calendar , click on it scroll down the page and click the ' clear defaults ' button next time anything wants to use the calendar , you will be able to select which program you wish to use .
get the game directly from gameloft ( or if the free version is missing , get it from p2p ) . on linux/mac , use wget to resume your download . on windows , use a freeware from snapfiles to resume your downloads . the problem then will be to transfer the game from your computer to the android device .
no , the key parts of the rom would be the kernel and all the drivers for the hardware . the boot image is likely different too . these devices are not the same so you would end up , at the very least , " soft bricking " your device . even when a device is basically the same , take all of the galaxy s devices ( vibrant , captivate , facinate , epic , i9000 ) , all are basically the same device , but you cannot " cross flash " the roms between them . this is because the smallest change in hardware or boot image prevents this .
afaik the default android launcher does not allow you to do this . however , there are some launchers available on play store which let you do this . regina 3d launcher is one of them . the other option i see is what you are already doing , using a live wallpaper like multipicture live wallpaper . ( i have mentioned some popular apps to do this , there are alternatives available , you can search on play store . )
you need to combine all you vcard files into one . exact process depends on operating system of your computer . you can find some examples in http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/gmail/y2670pyopew
i do not see a way to do it on my droid . i am going to say that it is not possible with the stock calendar .
normally you should have to install the driver of the tablet to have adb working with it . on the opposite , mass storage usually work out-of-the-box because any pc recognize this standard . after some search on google i found some info that may work with your tablet here : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/70585-adb-drivers/page_ p _805857
here is how one teacher is using coach 's eye for android to create whiteboard style videos . hope it helps ! http://educationambassador.com/resources/entry/coachs-eye-app-is-elusive-android-flipping-whiteboard
make sure that the sd card is mounted . if it was somehow unmounted this could happen . this option will be in settings > storage scroll down to sd card . make sure that it indicates that the sd card is mounted or at least does not say " insert sd card " . if it is mounted , unmount it , take it out , put it back in , and see if anything changes . if it is not recognized , then just take it out and put it back in . check back in with the details on how that goes .
you need to find a wifi dongle with a chipset the device supports . each chipset requires different drivers , so you will have to find one that is supported . there a discussion thread on the site you linked to about exactly this .
there are free apps that enable bluetooth connectivity of keyboards like bluekeyboard jp , bluetooth keyboard easyconnect . there is also a paid app bluetooth ( null ) keyboard . try one of these for connecting your keyboard with your phone .
the best solution i have found is to join contacts : select the duplicate contact edit the contact access the menu for the edit contact page , and select the join action . you can then select the contact you want to merge with .
when you circle someone in google+ , it also adds them in the " other contacts " in google contacts . simply de-select " other contacts " in the contacts app to remove these contacts from your view .
in facebook , you can change the notification sound from facebook > menu > settings > notification ringtone . i assume it would be the same for messenger , never used it though
you can set a navbar on your device by just adding a single line to your build . prop file . qmenu.hw.maikeys=0 also you can disable you current h/w buttons by give a # symbol before <code> key 172 home key 158 back key 139 menu </code> in file /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl es file exporer will automatically make a backup for those files . you can use that . bak files if you want to revert . you can edit build . prop file using es file manager app or you can try flashing zip specified here
i would assume less , as all formatting is built into the app , while using the web browser you would need to download the ' whole ' page including gmails ui etc
the app definitely uses less data than a browser , because it only loads the email 's contents , while the website loads a lot of stuff along with it . the app needs to download just the gmail content and some information about it ( sender , cc etc . ) . if you are worried about data limits , then go for the app . it is both faster and uses less data .
as far as i know the data consumption of gmail app will be less than that of browser . because all the styling info are built into the app itself , it only need to get the raw text data , which may be in the form of json or xml . but in case of browser it has to download styling info such as css and client side scripts such as javascript along with email content .
i have the same experience with wifi , i find leaving it on is much more convenient ( your phone will prioritize wifi over 3/4g , resulting in faster speeds and lower bills ) , and power consumption is negligible . the only time when turning off wifi conserve me some serious battery is back from my days with a sony p990i , which runs uiq3 . ah , old times . . .
as far as just showing bpm , poweramp does that quite nicely while the song is actually playing and in the info section . sorting is a different story ( though lots of other great sort options ) . and of course this is a paid app . now that you have mentioned it though , i might email the dev about it . neutron mp is also an interesting program that shows everything from bpm to sampling rate to crossfade sliders to a bunch of other advanced dj controls that you will probably never touch . it is slow as molasses though and while it is uber advanced , it is not particularly user-friendly . also i could find no sortation options at all . i tried ( unsuccessfully ) to find bpm info in the following music apps : 3 , winamp , boomboxoid , meridian , zimly , and mixzing . i also tried the tagging programs itag and pimp my music with no luck .
i can not say with perfect certainty , but i have not seen anything like this in any of the major music player apps , which all struggle each in their own way to provide any extra-functionality . however , winamp for android was just released and is supposed to be fairly feature rich . check there , maybe .
you could try droid dj . it says its got a beat countneed i do not think it'll sort by bpm but it may be worth a try if you do not find exactly what you need .
yes .
no , gtalk messages are not received on android gtalk client while away ( sleeping ) . so i assume there is no pushing , as it is done in the blackberry gtalk client .
you will need to download the app blueinput . bit of a pain but will allow you to use the keyboard .
i had done a bit of a research on this . there was a trick until a few months back , by linking the facebook account to yahoo account so that the contacts get merged . later it was possible to export the contact details from yahoo . but now even this method does not seem to work , as exporting the contacts will only export yahoo contacts and not the one merged from facebook . : (
you need to differentiate between a " hard reset " ( hover the mouse over that tag : a forced reboot/shutdown by removing power ( take out the battery , usually ) ) and a " factory reset " ( again , mouse-over : a factory reset results in a full reset of an android device to the original settings of the currently-installed rom . ) . hard-reset : here it is unlikely ( though not absolutely impossible ) to lose your stored contacts factory-reset : here it is very sure they are deleted , as all data and all user-installed apps are deleted from the device however , you can make a backup of your contacts . in the contacts app itself , when pressing the menu key , you should find a menu item for " export/import " . select to " export " , and have it save the data to your sdcard . to be absolutely safe , before doing a factory reset copy all the sdcard 's contents to e.g. your pc . after the factory-reset , you can use the very same item in the contacts app to re-import the data . btw : contacts export uses a common file format , which is understood by many other programs as well ( *.vcf which means vcard file ) . it can be read e.g. by gmail ( even the web interface ) or outlook as well . if you have your contacts synced with google , they should be restored automatically once you configured your google account on the device after the factory reset .
i cannot find any specific accessories on the official samsung product page . however a tv-out cable exists which presumable ( if the projector has all the necessary inputs ) can also be used to show the picture from the tab on the projector : product name : samsung ecc1tp0bbegsta galaxy tab tv out cable unfortunately the cable does not offer hdmi - output : only rca video . an hdmi adapter for the galaxy tab series exists but it is not compatible with your specific model ( galaxy tab 2 7.0 ) see the following product page
the galaxy tab 2 7.0 p3100 has no capability to connect to an external display . the necessary hardware was not included in that model . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37032295postcount=110
you need to use a special adapter for that . you need this : samsung p4 p5 hdtv adapter for samsung galaxy tab 10.1 , galaxy tab 8.9 , galaxy tab 7.7 and galaxy tab 7.0 plus sanoxy® black hdmi input to vga adapter converter for pc / laptop 6ft svga vga monitor mm male to male extension cable 80 if the projector has an hdmi slot then you do not need the hdmi to vga and the vga to vga , you just need to use the samsung epl-3phpbegxar galaxy tab hdtv adapter and then an hdmi cable .
the advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) is a source/sink configuration . in an normal scenario , you have a source ( for example , and android phone ) and a sink ( bluetooth headset/speakers ) . but in your case , the android phone would have to act as a sink to the dumbphone source . this is not currently supported , even though the phone supports the a2dp profile . one solution would be to install a custom bluetooth stack , which defines which profiles are supported on the device . this would additionally require a software component that can bypass the android framework and use the stack directly , since the framework lacks a2dp sink support . so far , no such modifications can be found .
if you update to the latest version of " google search " in the market , it includes a pencil icon next to each item in the search history , for this exact problem . tapping the pencil loads the search term into the search box , but does not initiate a search for it .
the anonym with the vague answer is correct , just not nearly complete . for keyboard-less phones ( like my n1 ) , the trackball or trackpad can be used to scroll down the list of suggestions , and that will enter them into the text field for editing . for most phones with a hardware keyboard like your droid , use the d-pad next to the keyboard to select the suggestion for editing ( some of them still retain a trackball or trackpad ) . once you have the correct entry in the search box , tap it to continue editing . btw , i just discovered this , and it is going to make my life a lot easier .
i am happy with smart keyboard .
i went for swiftkey . still waiting for czech language dictionary though :- )
you can install htc_ime modified http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=624416 and make a gesture for cycling between en / cz .
based on my experience , and a quick look at the ui , i do not think this is possible , even in the relatively new market that appeared on my froyo system this week . ( could not find a version number , but it is styled as big tiles on black background vs . the older white , game-console-ish look of before .
this is something i run into quite a bit . ( original droid . ) i do not think you are ever going to get around it short of a rooted solution . two things come to mind that , while not ideal , might help ameliorate the problem : set up auto-update for more apps . that way they will get updated when released and will stagger the updates so you do not have as many at once . there is a few developers i trust to not hose me with updates . google , for instance ; i have all of their apps set to auto-update . check the market more often for updates . in other words , do not wait until you get the notification that there are updates before you check . then it is less likely that there are a lot of app updates to do . there is also the obvious advice of removing apps so you have fewer to update . something else i often do when there are a lot of updates : first , i make sure i am on wifi . then i just go ahead and " update all " , knowing that one or two updates will fail due to lack of space . most will not , so once those complete , i just tap the notifications for the failures and re-attempt .
i found one that does just this last week . check out http://www.youmail.com . it is an app you download , but can manage it from their website . you can record different greetings for different people ; family , business and the main reason i got it . . . . the number has been disconnected for people i really do not want to talk to ! i also have a msg just for blocked called ids , telling them i dont accept them and to unblock their number . and . . . it is free : )
google voice allows you to do this . you can make up to four different answering-recordings and specify who gets directed to which one , and that the called automatically gets directed to voicemail , without ringing your phone . you have to configure the settings at http://voice.google.com , but after that , the app will even give you a neat widget that transcribes your voicemails !
i have never heard of this - this is somewhat unheard of , block hidden numbers and load up a sound file and play it which defeats the purpose of a number being blocked , in pseudo-code , for the most part of call-blocking apps , it would be something like this : if incoming_number is on block_list send reject_call else allow  now , if what you are saying is this - to play a sound file , it would mean that the incoming blocked number would have the handset open in which android would notify there is an incoming call , and re-route the playing of the sound file to the speaker , technically that is quite a difficult thing to do ! but , there is an app to do something like what you are looking for - ' private stop ' - no one likes getting " private " or " hidden " number calls , you can use private stop to block nuisance callers , marketeers , stalkers , anyone that hides their number . private stop blocks the call and pushes the caller to your voice mail so you can decide if you want to communicate with the " hidden " caller or not
upgrade to android 4.2 that fixed the problem to me and the original poster . i was getting an average of approximately 100 disconnections per day , in about three weeks . since upgrade a few days ago , there were only 7 disconnections , even with google 's location service enabled . i think the firmware update 15.0 . a . 1.31 ( based on android 4.1.2 ) introduced the problem , but anyway we confirm that it is fixed in 15.3 . a . 0.26 ( the upgrade to android 4.2.2 ) . original answer yes , i am having the same problem on my xperia l . there are other reports on the web and one of them mentioned a solution that mostly fixed the wi-fi instability in my case : settings > location services > google 's location service > disable . i was experiencing annoying disconnections about every minute , even with my gps turned off . thus i am not sure if gps satellites on that same screen would trigger the problem as well , but you may want to disable the former or both of them . disabling google 's location service mostly fixed it because there are still moments where connection gets dropped . they are hard to track down but going to wi-fi settings seems to drop connection quite often . as for the cause of the problem , what is your build number ? mine is 15.0 . a . 1.31 , and i am using android 4.1.2 as well , both of which are the latest updates available for me . i have applied this build update a few weeks ago , and i have noticed a few days ago that google 's location service was for some reason disabled , and then i enabled it . so it could be that this new build update has introduced the problem . i wonder if usage time could be related as well , in which case a factory reset could maybe help ( but i think i saw someone saying it did not ) . i would not be surprised if the wi-fi component is just raising some NullPointerException on certain situations ( location service in use , wi-fi settings , etc . ) and then recovering from it , causing the connection to be restarted . anyway , i read these days about a new build update available for xperia l , but i think it is not available here in brazil yet . i have also reported the problem on sony mobile 's forum .
there are two fixes main to this problem that i know of . 1 ) the first is restarting the device . 2 ) the second is factory reset . ( if you choose this you may want to make sure you backup anything important . ) other fix : clear your device cache . ( sometimes this works , doing it differs from device to device . )
clear app cache/data the first thing you should try is clearing the cache for your camera app . in the phone settings , go to the applications manager and locate your camera app ( the same screen you would use to uninstall the app ) . if your camera app is built-in , you may have to navigate to a tab that shows all apps installed , not just ones installed by the user . there should be a button called clear cache . click this and then try opening the camera app . if it still crashes , go back to the same screen and click clear data . this will not delete your photos ; it will reset the camera app settings and return it to the initial state when it was first installed . use a different camera app try installing another camera app from the play market . there are plenty of free ones available . if those work , perhaps your camera app is simply buggy or does not work with your device . if other apps still can not access the camera , you may have a deeper problem . factory reset as a last resort , you can reset your device to factory settings . make sure you back up any important data to your computer or to an external sd card . re-flash rom if a factory reset does not do it , you will have to delve into deeper waters . look around on xda forums or other places on how to flash a rom to your device . replace hardware there is always the slight chance that your hardware is physically damaged . in that case , you will just need to replace it or live without a camera .
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
what you need to connect a galaxy s4 to a tv is an mhl-to-hdmi adapter , like this one that i use . you connect the micro-usb bit to the phone , the big usb end to a charger ( the adapter needs power . this will also allow your phone to charge while you are using it like this ) , and the hdmi to the tv . audio will come out of the tv , or whatever it sends the audio to normally . if you select a different mhl adapter and it is not specifically advertised as being for a galaxy s3 or s4 , you will need an 11-to-5 pin adapter , like this one , to use it with your phone , as samsung uses a different connector for mhl than most other devices do .
you can connect your android device to your plasma television with an hdmi cable . ( though i would not suggest buying it from ebay . ) 1 sound should come from your television , i will bet . make sure the android hdmi adapter is compatible with your device first .
looking at the source , there are at least 4 codecs : sbc ( mandatory ) , mp3 ( mpeg12 ) , aac ( mpeg24 ) and sony 's atrac . the underlying software is linux ' " bluez " stack . it supports sbc and has limited mp3 capabilities . the changelog for v3.25 ( 2009 ? ) reads : " add limited support for mpeg12/mp3 codec " . ./android/external/bluetooth/bluez/ChangeLog: ver 3.25: Add limited support for Handsfree profile. Add limited support for MPEG12/MP3 codec.  see also the v3.25 announcement . mp3 support seems to depend on gstreamer which is not available on android , so i just guess sbc is the only option for a2dp to boot . ps : most a2dp devices seem to lack support for mp3/aac due to patents/licencing issues ( including linux ) .
as it turns out , my sd card was failing . i have since replaced it and all pictures are fine thus far .
looks like it is possible . have not done it myself , but this looks promising . it indicates that you need to be rooted and already have koush’s droid x bootstrap recovery installed , but from there it looks like a matter of simply applying the rom . zip file from recovery .
i ended up figuring it out , but it took a lot of research and time . here 's what i did , probably not exactly like this since it took me a few tries to get right : root your phone . download the koush bootstrapper/loader and install it onto your phone , via their site or the android market . go to team defuse 's website to download the fission 2.2 zip file . put this on your sd card somewhere . boot into koush , apply the bootloader patch , and then reboot into the bootloader . clear cache/data , mount /data and /system , clear cache/data again , install update , select zip file on sd card , once that is done , clear cache/data again , and then reboot . you should then boot into a fresh install of " vanilla " froyo android . no apps . no settings . and best of all , no motoblur ! . . . i think i got all that right . if i missed something , let me know .
if you downgrade , you will need to re-root it again . if you are confident in flashing and using google 's adb and fastboot tools , then could point you to the direction of google factory images for the nexus . be aware of the differing versions available , flashing the wrong one could end up messing the device and having to re-do the flash again . you will have to identify it , it would be shown on the bootloader screen , and pick the appropriate version , there is the 2012 model , 2013 model with variations of wifi , one with 3g+wifi and another with lte .
agreed , i think mobilesheets or the fakebook ( my favourite ) is the way to go . quick browsing in music and ( almost ) no delay when swiping between pages . some of the other features between these two varies , so ymmv . fakebook is at http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.skrivarna.fakebook.android hope this helps !
i think that mobilesheets http://www.zubersoft.com/mobilesheets/about.html might be useful ?
i have been using mobilesheets recently and have used it with big band charts that i scanned in as pdf files . the nice feature i found was the ability to set links ( up to 10 per song ) back to a d . s , sign and then from the " to coda " sign jump there using a airturn 105 pedal . worked great in a performance where i had the set list set up and could just keep hitting the pedal to go to the next song or section of a song without trying to flip multiple pages in the charts . i was using my asus tablet a tf101 which is a little smaller than my freehand music pad which i have used for a few years . the freehand its reaching the end soon and i have been looking for a replacement and the mobilesheets supports pdf , and image files much better so i am thinking the android will be a good change . i am looking for the right size screen the asus p1801-t ( has battery 5 hours ) is a possibility or the viewsonic vsd221 ( no battery ) . either of those could display ( 2 ) pages i think .
xda forums may be the best place to ask for this sort of help .
i do not have rep to comment , is wifly a serial interface ? second , this is a good place to ask that , i understood they were inviting developers here . extra , after comment reply as far as i have found there is no ability for serial from the android phones . i have found sources where people mod the os to support usb on the go . then you can be a usb host , which would suffice for me as usb to serial adapters are relatively easy to come by . i am new to android and spend most my time on the electronics and robotics so site , but i was interested in this feature . and more ! from prolink007 google is looking into adding this feature in a firmware release . for the time being we are just looking into rooting the phone and adding the feature that way . our goal is to not have to root a phone for this feature to be enabled . if we can figure a way around this i will post here as soon as possible . i will keep this updated as we progress .
flash the nf2 modem , i had the exact same use with no imei / baseband http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2649176 cp_n9005xxufnf2 . tar . md5 is the file you want
you can try some dedicated apps for this such as : easyshare - adds all sorts of sharing options picasa tool pro - tool for managing your picasa account from the phone .
found the problem . it is not that picasa was not there as a share option , but rather it was not visible . there were too many items installed that offer this intent , and the gallery application does not have a scrollable menu . this is apparently a known bug and it is been there for quite a while so it does not look like it is going to get fixed either . i now use a different application for sharing to picasa .
why do not you try another image editing application ? i mainly use photowonder , but there is also photoshop express . both have their issues , but i have not noticed low quality results with them . the nexus s wallpaper size is 960 x 800 , so you can make them that size and then use them without having the nexus s editor do any cropping .
you probably need to use some sort of 3rd party program like tasker , locale or automateit . these programs allow you to set triggers such as : starting an app screen on/off connected to wi-fi location etc . . . and perform actions based on that , such as : toggle data toggle gps run an app etc . . .
adb kill-server you need to run that from wherever you installed the android tools .
i am using version 4.0.3 on a samsung galaxy s2 . to mount the internal storage and any installed sd card via the usb do the following : unplug usb cable . goto settings -> more . . . -> usb utilities -> connect storage to pc and follow the instructions .
that is how sms usually works . when you send a text to a group of people , only they should be able to that they got it . they will not be able to see who else got the text . . unless you were sending sms through google hangouts .
android shares very little with a typical linux distribution . in fact , this is where richard stallman 's " gnu/linux " distinction comes in handy — android is not really a unix-like general purpose operating system with a linux kernel . it is a new system which happens to use the linux kernel . this goes all the way down to its own custom libc implementation ( called " bionic" ) , which does not necessarily attempt posix compliance . this article from zdnet covers a talk which gives a pretty good overview of the system , and although it is a couple of years old it is still basically correct and helpful .
well , i seriously do not know if that works with android 2.3.4 or not but the method i am going to stat works with jelly bean 4.2.2 . instead of removing the application over the home screen try directly deleting the whole home screen . instead of dragging the icon try deleting the whole home screen . see if that works out for your or not ? ?
your situation is due to the auto add widget due to which when ever you install an app it wall automatically add an widget on your home screen thereby increasing the home screen count also . i will first solve your home screen problem and below i will also give a screen shot where the problem can be solved for the future also . the below steps is easy to follow and requires some patience to clean the clutter . there are two ways to clean a home screen in any android device . option 1 will help you clean your home screen through the apps available in the play store . option 1 download any launcher which suites your requirement like go launcher from the play store and clean the home screen as per your requirements from the settings . if you do not want any hassle of any more apps then go for option 2 option 2 step1 -do a normal zoom out in home screen ( or ) from home screen page , press the option button , then click edit and it will display all the home screens and their content . step2 -either click on remove and remove all the home screens except for 1 or you will be getting a small minus ( - ) symbol right side corner of the home screen . click on the minus and remove it . step3 -if you have followed the above 2 steps correctly then you will be getting a single home screen from which you can easily delete the widgets ( it solved your problem of deleting around 84 widgets and brings the count to only 12 with just a single home screen ) . step4 -under the play store settings uncheck the auto add widget in order to ensure you do not face the problem in the future .
yahoos settings for android : Yahoo Incoming Mail Server (IMAP): android.imap.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 993) Yahoo Outgoing Mail Server (SMTP): android.smtp.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 365) use auth
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
i had tried all combinations of security settings but crucially it was the ' request sign in ' bit that was needed along with selecting port 465 ( ss l certificates option ) .
i have been experiencing the same problem with a samsung galaxy s2 and a bt yahoo account , namely can receive but not send email . after many unsuccessful variations on pop3/imap and port combinations the following finally seems to have worked : incoming imap server : [imap.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 993 ] [ user name is your whole bt email address . use your normal account password . ] outgoing smtp server : [smtp.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 465 ] ( finally - and crucially - select " require sign in " and use your email address ( username ) and account password as for the incoming . ) this may only be relevant to the galaxy s2
i have been using the free sshelper ( without rooting ) since it recently added zeroconf broadcasting . it provides an ssh and rsync ( file transfer ) server , while also broadcasting a zeroconf name . another avahi/bonjour client can connect without needing to know the android hostname . explained in more detail in this other answer : set hostname for sshelper
i only could reset the phone . . cannot remove the encryption .
install calendar app enable calendar sync select calendars to sync
the answer to this question will likely vary from device to device because cyanogenmod focuses their efforts on popular devices , and older phones do not get as much love and attention . from my research , success with the pebble also then varies per device ( source 1 , 2 , 3 ) . some people have had success and never encounter a single issue . others have connectivity issues ( not connecting , connection drops , etc . ) or battery draining problems . suggested solutions are : flash a different kernel try any other aftermarket android project ( aokp , pacman , slimroms , paranoid ) conclusion : you will probably need to flash the rom ( s ) and test it yourself . always backup first . copy that backup to an external device , just in case . it more than likely that it will work without any hiccups . if for whatever reason you are not satisfied , then you can always restore to your backup . sidenote : your statement that " cyanogenmod does not include ' features ' which are in the normal android operating system " is incorrect . from cyanogenmod 's about page : based on the android open source project , cyanogenmod is designed to increase performance and reliability over android-based roms released by vendors and carriers such as google , t-mobile , htc , etc . they use the same android source code as any other vendor , except that they actually improve and enhance the android user experience . they do not remove standard features and services . i think of cm as what android should be , but thats debatable .
it may well be the option chahk describes in his answer is not present on your device . i have noticed some devices coming without a " local account " . if that is your case , there is e.g. mylocalaccount creating one for you . for other contact tools , you might wish to take a look into my list ; )
when adding contacts to the phone via google 's built-in contacts app , it will give you a choice how to save the contact . while adding a new contact , tap the " google contact " to expand the drop-down for more choices on where to save it , and choose the option to store it only locally : keep in mind that various phone manufacturers such as samsung , htc , motorola , etc . load their own versions of some system apps , including the " contacts " app . your contacts app may look differently , and have this option elsewhere ( or may be completely missing it . )
you can go to App Drawer &gt; Select Phone &gt; Tap on the three dots &gt; Select "Import/Export" &gt; And then select "Export to storage" . this will back up all your contacts on your phone itself . you can later on import from this backup if needed . however , you need to do this manually every time you modify your contact list .
you have done great so far . now , write junk files again and encrypt the device over adb shell : /system/bin/vdc cryptfs enablecrypto inplace PASSWORD ( your device may need to be rooted for this ) now , feel free to wipe .
i do not know where you can find drivers for your specific device ; but for most devices ( of different manufacturers ) , koush 's universal adb driver does a good job on windows 7 and 8 as well . you can download them from the linked site , and find instructions there as well .
you can find usb drivers for the prestigio multipad pmp3370b ( aka prestigio multipad 7.0 ultra ) in the manufacturer website just click the download link for the . zip file corresponding to your model , as seen in the screenshot . at the time of this answer , the file name is PMP3370B_20121217_V1.0.8.zip , this file is ~224 mb size and it does contain usb drivers for windows 2000/xp/vista/7 ( 32-bit ) and windows vista/7 ( 64-bit ) , besides firmware update image file , upgrade manuals ( in english/russian , 32/64-bit ) and other tools . i can tell it because i downloaded it myself and looked inside .
that is the usual behaviour since they changed the export feature some time ago . when you tap an image from the gallery , it opens full-screen but not in editing mode right away . in this view , click the share icon on the action bar ( the three circles connected by two lines ) and choose " share as __" for whichever format you want to export as . after a brief pause , it'll give you a share menu listing apps you can share with , and the top item on this menu is " save to device " , with an icon of an sd card . instead of launching another app to share with , this will just save/export a file in your chosen format .
i found a tweak that will allow me to manipulate the amount of ram that is allocated to the chrome browser on android . by default the chrome browser for android can only access up to 128mb of ram . this can be tweaked by simply opening the application Chrome Browser and typing the following string in a new tab and tap enter : chrome://flags/#max-tiles-for-interest-area in the menu that pops up , change the value from Default to 256 or 512 . you will be prompted with a notification that will ask you to relaunch google chrome in order for your changes to take effect . click Relaunch Google Chrome and enjoy the added speed .
yes mms can send png files . even if they change the extension , it should not matter as long as the mime type is in tact . and even if that is different , the image has a specific " header " that should be read by the mms app . afaik , android does not change the extension , or the mime type . ( at least the stock mms app , and the galaxy s app ) but that does not mean it will work with other phones . they might not have the ability to view the file type .
i have tried multiple times , and have never found a way for the build in adb client to recognise itself . i think it is due to the fact that it checks it on usb etc - i could be wrong however . it is safe to say though that there is no way for the adb client in android to recognise it is server self - sorry !
i do not think you can access the device directly from adb on the device . but you can access the logcat if you need to in /dev/log/ . just about anything you would need to access via adb should be accessible directly on the device , one way or another . for example , adb gets screenshots from reading /dev/graphics/fb0
might be best to attempt download of alogcat from the google play store . there is an option in there under menu > preferences > periodic save from within the same application , that can be set , which activates the frequency of periodic saving , which gets saved to the sdcard . that should make things easier somewhat to get the log without having to plug it in via usb .
restoring across different roms , have you considered the " troubleshooting options " of tb , and e.g. enabled its migration mode , or have it using the system 's own sqlite libs instead of tibus ? all those things are especially for cases as described with your question . so making use of those might end your search for an alternative ; they have always worked for me – migrating from my htc wildfire via motorola milestone 2 to finally lg optimus 4x . if you insist on alternatives , however , i would suggest you take a look at the backup tag-wiki , where you find many of them described . with android 4+ , you could e.g. make use of adb backup ( or use helium backup on your device , which does the same locally ) . again : this and more is described in the mentioned tag-wiki .
there is no way to disable the power button thru software because power button signals is hardwired to the phone 's internals . hardware modding is the only option for this happen i suggest getting that button repaired . its not really expensive ( 250php equivalent to 6$ usd ) , and can be done quite fast . not sure about official service centers though
edit : as it turned out , the " a7" and " smart tab 7" are two different devices . these are the instructions for the " a7" -- for the " smart tab 7" , please refer to hele 's answer . instructions for the a7 can be found e.g. at this xda-developers post : download the rom from here copy the downloaded update.zip file to the root of the memory card and then insert the memory card into the phone . power off the phone ( note the battery should be kept above 50% ) press and hold up the volume+ + key sources ( the latter obviously refers to the power button ) continue holding until the recovery screen appears red , then let go select apply update from sdcard ( in the recovery screen , use the volume up key up to move up and down , press and hold the power key to select ) select the file update.zip wait until your rom file gets installed when the machine has completed installing rom file , it returns to the recovery menu . select " reboot system now " . the xda-post also contains two links to other documents , in case this one fails .
i have succeded in rooting the karbonn smart tab 7 and am apparently the first person on the net to do so . in your face karbonn technical dept . . i have been using it only for a few hours now , and it is working fine ( edit : i have been using it for 4 months now and it still works fine : ) - august '13 ) . here are the steps for any other wanderer in the same plight as i was : the first step is a warning to all users , please be aware of the consequences of rooting before doing so . it should work perfectly , but just to be on the safe side , back up all you data . connect the tab to the computer and enable mass storage mode . also keep in mind that the karbonn smart tab 7 has internal memory and an internal storage card . the internal one cannot be used for the purpose of rooting . you need to put in an external micro-sd card . when you connect the device in mass storage mode , the internal sd card 's name will probably be novo7 . download this file and put it in the root of the external micro-sd . put the tab in recovery mode . for those of you who dont know how to do this , switch off the device and hold the volume down and power buttons till is says " android is upgrading . . . " , and then release the power button but keep holding the volume down button . click on " apply update from sd card and select " crystal_root . zip " . it should install . now reboot it and it is done ! ! ! you can check if the rooting process has been successful by downloading the root checker app from the play store . the app is ( obviously . . . ) used to check if the root is accessible . you will also find that the supersu app has been installed automatically . enjoy ! ! ! p.s. please vote me up ( i would love that ) and also thanks to @izzy for giving me a heads up on how this stuff works .
i had same problem . i tried this , and it worked : Settings &gt; Application manager &gt; All &gt; Options &gt; Reset the application preferences .
the gmail app for android is not the same as the gmail . com website . you do not have to sign in when you open the app , because you already signed into your google account as part of the initial setup procedure , when you first turned on your phone or tablet . it is normal and expected for the gmail app to take you directly to your inbox . if you want to see other folders ( such as your sent messages ) , tap where it says " inbox " at the top of the screen — it is a drop-down menu . contacts are a separate app . look for " contacts " or " people " in your list of app icons .
you should contact gameloft . they officially support the acer liquid for that game , and thus should be able to help you ( or at least take a bug report ) . they do not specify which versions of the liquid they support , so it could just be that they have not tested on the metal .
miui en cyagenmod are so called rom 's . rom 's are like modified versions of the original android os . they are built for various reasons , one of them being to add more features to your phone that are not available in the stock os ( you could see those as your updates ) . just google about it because there is tons of information available about the particular subject . the other questions are already answered but about the warranty . most rom 's require your device to be rooted . i guess that rooting will void your warranty but then again , there is always something as un-rooting .
re your fourth question : starting in russia , the s advance is gradually getting an upgrade to jelly bean 4.1
if you use the swype keyboard , holding the space key gives you a tab . smart keyboard pro also has tab , press ?123 twice for it . reference : http://androidforums.com/android-applications/151563-softkeyboard-tab-key.html
on the stock keyboard on my droid ( the soft keyboard , not the slide-out ) i see the tab character on the alt-symbol keyboard . hit ? 123 key , then alt . the tab key looks like an arrow pointing right to a line .
use his solution . now i use jellybean 4.1.2 . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eonhvccjukw or you can use gingerbread .
ifconfig -a to list interfaces . ifconfig wlan0 hw ether ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff to set the mac address , replacing wlan0 with the interface you want to use , and the mac address with the one you want to spoof . not all drivers support changing the mac address though , so this may not work .
as superuser run : # netcfg  a list with the interfaces will appear . for example my interface was eth0 # ifconfig eth0 down # ifconfig eth0 hw ether your:new:mac # ifconfig eth0 up  note that not all drivers support this operation , and the android ifconfig do not support these commands . you will need another ifconfig executable , perhaps that from busybox will be suitable . after the reboot these changes are lost .
it is not a perfect answer but most note applications should support automatic hyperlink creation with phone numbers . in my case i use colorenote and the process would be " open app " -> " create new note " -> " write #" -> " hangup " -> " click on number " and the call starts . . .
i have a samsung galaxy , and when i am in a call i have the ability to create a memo by pressing the menu key , and selecting the memo option .
i found that number saver is the closest to a solution . it adds an icon to the notification area when on call and will even automatically switch to speakers when run during a call
i was also looking for something like this , but then found out a solution that works for me . while on call , click home button and go to contacts and add new contact . the active call stays in notifications and you can bring it back up anytime .
on my phone ( nexus s ) , all outgoing calls are logged in the call log -- from which you can long-press to add the number to your contacts .
got it , went snooping into handcent messaging settings and turned off pop up and notifications .
you can use adb to test phone functionality . adb tool can be obtained from android sdk . there are a number of test commands which you can use to test your phone . steps are as follows : cd to your adb directory . connect your phone to pc via usb . type the following command : ' adb devices ' ( without quotes ) you should see your android listed in the cli . you can also enter device shell : 'adb shell' (without quotes)  list sd card contents : 'ls -l' (regular unix file navigation commands)  if you can access your device shell , it is most likely that your motherboard is working fine . there are several commands to check as well :
first off , this almost certainly is nothing to do with your new google account . the twitter app has access to all the accounts on your phone with which it can suggest contacts . this means it probably looked at one or both of your personal imap accounts and used those to suggest contacts to you , rather than you ' empty ' google account . the question you linked to is probably correct although instead of your google email address the suggested contacts probably have one of your personal email accounts in their address book .
preloading no longer available on version 5.6 and above . source
no , do not try to do this , or you will brick your device . shv-e160l and gt-n7000 have completely different processors ( qualcomm snapdragon apq8060 for shv-e160l , and samsung s5pc210 for gt-n7000 ) ; e.g. , see this comparison . there are some custom roms for shv-e160l in the xda-developers section for at and t samsung galaxy note i717 ( this device is closer to shv-e160l , but also not 100% compatible , so look carefully and use only roms which are made for shv-e160l ) .
i have had a similar issue on my nexus 4 device , here is what i did to stop the issue : go to your ' settings ' menu , then go to ' accounts ' . select ' google ' and check which google service has a sync issue . if you cant see any apps with sync issues , you will have to do as user ' laural h ' mentioned above : disable them all , and re-enable them one by one , checking that it syncs properly ( before enabling the next one ) . when you find the app with sync issues , open the problematic app and login with your google credentials .
you could try installing the newest version of google play . if you do not want to do that , try one of these : go to settings-> accounts-> google-> sync data and disable all your google account sync items individually . then enable the app data and try again before enabling the rest of your sync items . go to settings-> apps-> menu-> clear app preferences . clearing the play cache .
some parts of the sdk are the same between windows , linux , and mac , and some are not . the developer tools , such as adb , fastboot , and hprof , are native binaries so they are different for each os . the emulator too is different for each os . the android system images for the emulator are the same between the different host oses , so you do not need to download these again . the android.jar files containing the android framework library itself are also the same between the different host oses . it has to be this way because the jar files are compiled into your app . if you are not sure what to update , it is probably best to just start a fresh installation of adt . that way you are sure to end up with a working version , and there is no risk of failing to update something you should have , or mimatched versions . it might seem that you are wasting time by downloading some of the same things again , but at least you will be able to trust your tools . if you try and frankenstein your installation to save downloading , then even if you manage to do it right , you will suspect it is broken every time you have an unusual bug , and you will waste more time in the long run .
in short , no . you could install a vnc server , which would let you use a vnc client on your laptop to connect to the " mini pc " over wi-fi , and use the laptop 's keyboard , mouse , and screen to control the " mini pc " , but there are two caveats . first , you had need to be able to use the mini pc directly ( with a tv or monitor ) to be able to install and set up the vnc server ; second , you will probably find that using vnc is not as smooth as using it directly , especially for video-intensive applications like video calling and gaming . some games may not work at all . to use the device properly , you will need a monitor or tv with an hdmi input , or a monitor or tv with some other input ( such as dvi ) with an adaptor . you can also buy adaptors that have an hdmi input and connect to a pc with usb to make the pc act as a monitor , but they are relatively expensive . either way , you will need extra hardware to use this " mini pc " .
unless you want to build a lock screen that is like motorola 's one or find a lock screen that you like from the market , i think you are out of luck otherwise .
you know the same way you know that any card reader the merchant is using does not clone your card or misuse your payment details : you do not know at all . it is possible for apps to detect whether the phone has been rooted or not , so one might expect that a payment app would refuse to work on a rooted phone , just like some video streaming apps do . but as the consumer , it is not possible for you to verify the security of the merchant 's card reader , whether it is a smartphone or a special-purpose device . the good news is that it is not your responsibility to do so . if the merchant allows your card details to be misused , whether deliberately or through negligence , they will get into trouble with their merchant acquirer ( i.e. . their bank ) . you can " dispute " any fraudulent transactions with your bank to get them reversed .
does chrome render other websites in their " mobile " formats correctly ? if yes , you had need to correctly configure your website ( probably checking for user agent , and redirecting to mobile site ) correctly , so as to render the mobile site .
i am using aerosync to sync a folder over various devices , it works well and it is free and unlimited storage on any number of device but no cloud storage , it is having client for all platform
you can add your own private folders to dropbox , you do not have to use the Public folder . i use this for some syncs between work , home and phone .
i use sugarsync . similar to dropbox but without the poor security track record . the android client also handles automatic sync where dropbox does not . of course the windows clients do as well .
google docs actually would be a viable solution . you just need a way to sync local files to and from gdocs . readwriteweb reviewed three such apps . there are surely others .
i use smestorage . i actually use 2 storage clouds on it . my home webdav server and skydrive . my files physically reside on my home webdav server and on skydrive . i have a phone to skydrive folder sync setup through the smestorage app for some docs/files . smestorage has the ability to encrypt files uploaded to it and then decrypt on the fly from the client , which suits me . it uses aes-256 and does not store the private key so if you lose the key your stuffed but again this approach suits me .
generally speaking , the serial number as reported by adb get-serialno will be different to fastboot as determined by : manufacturer make and model of device in question android version fastboot , on the other hand , since there is no adb loaded , instead , it uses a rudimentary usb protocol tied in with the boot-loader , the serial number will be different . is there a way to reliably determine what the fastboot serial number will be from adb ? there is no reliable way of achieving it .
i used to have the same issue a while ago . i was going through my facebook and i saw and advertisement for a battery saving app called battery doctor . i have tried all kinds of battery saving apps but none of them really did the job quite as well as i was hoping , so i decided to give this one a chance . i downloaded it and was surprised at how well it works . it not only has a unique 3-step charging system but goes through your apps and tells you what apps are draining your battery and gives you the option to close them within the app . it keeps a graph of how many minutes you save when using the app . it is super helpful and i think you should try downloading this app to see if it fixes your problem . the best part about it is the app is free . here is the link to the app
wakelock detector should show you if there is one ( or more ) apps keeping your phone awake overnight . you could also ( if you are rooted ) try betterbatterystats . it is a paid app but it can be found on xda if you want to try it out ( the thread was started by the author ) . i have included their message on why they make it available free on xda below . betterbatterystats is available on the android market for what i believe is a fair price . if you like my work and want to support me please fell free to show your gratitude by buying the app .
i had the same problem . i fixed it by reinstalling the latest version of kies and deactivating usb-debugging before i connected my phone ( samsung galaxy xcover ) the first time .
before ur usb connect with the computer , go . setting--> application--> development--> usb debugging ( no tick ) open kies connect usb maybe it is work . . . . if still not , reopen the phone . . connect again . . . i hope that it can help u . . . . . also understand my poor eng . . . .
i have same problem , plus i have try some things : debug mode ( off ) then plug debug mode ( on ) then plug plug then debug mode ( first off then on and vice versa ) rebooted phone and pc installed kies , and usb drivers over the past installation rebooted phone and pc unistalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc reinstalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc deleted manually all the kies files , registry entry , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc installed kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc i have try to install kies on several computer , but all are 32 bit ( win xp or at least vista ) actually , my phone has been connected to kies only one time . . . i remember that time it was some of the first try , about a year and half ago . . . then , nothing .
i would start by trying the android contributors google group . here is a thread on reviewing googles own catalan translation work , for example .
there is an app for this : screen stream . i use it and it works .
you may use join . me for this . the organizer installs the client on his/ her machine and rest everyone may join in through their web browser .
there is a nice little app by smart dog studio called remote control add on that will let your device act as a vnc server . you can then connect as many clients as you like using the vnc client of your choice ( i usually use android vnc viewer ) . frame rate is a little low , but definitely adequate for a presentation that does not involve video .
error "-18" ( see the previous-to-last line of your log ) is a typical app2sd error . trouble is , there were remains from a previous install left on the sdcard , and now the package manager cannot create a file with a name already existing . there are two possible approaches : if the app is already installed , and you are trying to update : move it back to " internal storage " ( e . g . via settings→apps , scroll to the app , open it is entry , and use the corresponding button ) . then try to update again . once succeeded , optionall move the app back to sdcard otherwise : attach the card to your pc using a card reader ( or , if you have root access , use a file-manager with root support , e.g. es file explorer ; without root , android will hide the folder you need to access ) . in the root of the card , you should find a folder named .android_secure ( note the leading dot ! ) . navigate into it . watch out for a file named smdl2tmp1.asec ( see the corresponding error message : Failed to create container smdl2tmp1 ) , and remove it . if you had used a cardreader attached to your pc : unmount the card safely , and put it back to your device . try installing the app again , it should work now . reading the log again , it looks like the cause was a little different here : executing /system/bin/newfs_msdos failed: No such file or directory is where the trouble starts . the system was unable to create a " handler " to deal with the fat file system on the sdcard , thus could not access it ( ASEC FAT format failed (I/O error) ) , and then could not deal with the " smdl2tmp1" container because of that . in short : it looks like there is a binary missing ( or it is there but lacks the appropriate permissions ) .
try using a file explorer like this astro file manager on your phone and you will be able to see all files , photos , vids stored in your memory either phone memory or sd card
if there are video or photo on sdcard you see it to plugin your sdcard on device to can read an sdcard . on htc there are no encrypt of data on sdcard by default
i have to admit i have not played with galaxy nexus , but airdoid is claimed to be a good solution for moving files . i use it with both my phones and works fine . i know the new way parts are mounted makes a huge difference . i usually use zimly as media player , and it finds uploded with airdroid files without any problems . you might need to re-scan media , as well . if you are on ubuntu , you might try this as last resort solution
specific solution for my problem is to install rescan sd application from market and launch it after uploading music through webdav .
i suggest you to try qtadb , instead of your webdav work-a-round . i tried every way and this is by far the best .
you need odin in order to install cwm without root ( or conversely , you need root to install cwm without odin ) . cwm does not root the phone . you do not need root for clockworkmod recovery , though you do need root for the rom manager app . edit : you can not install unsigned packages with the "3e " recovery , which was part of some official update packages ( most froyo ones and presumably all gingerbread ones ) . this prevents one from flashing a custom rom , kernel , modem , or recovery through the stock recovery ( since they are not signed by the manufacturer ) . the way to get around this is normally to use odin to flash a custom rom or kernel with a custom recovery . i am not sure if flashing a signed update to an older official rom , with the older recovery , would work ; it might say it is older than your current version and fail , or it might just work . i have never been able to try it , and i am familiar with odin anyways .
i am pretty sure it is just that the app is buggy . push messages have never worked right for me either . the latest version of the facebook app ( released in the last week or two ) is better , but not perfect .
i do not think that is possible . tibu syncs a local copy to dropbox . what you could do is : use / buy an external sd card ( 64gb or less ) go to System settings , open the application manager , and Move to SD card tibu this way , it does not take up internal phone memory . ( i.e. . tibu dumps its backup to the external sd card )
in sd card android-&gt;data folder copy the folder name of the game and paste it in the new device
no , mtp does not work like that . mtp is a client-server file transfer protocol , a bit like ftp . your best bet is to either find another protocol the car supports ( there are many network audio protocols , so it is likely it'll support one ) , or failing that , fix whatever is making the aux input sound bad ( most likely a bad cable or connector , or the car is expecting line-level instead of headphone-level audio ) .
i had faced the same problem myself . system settings > device > accessibility > services . something in there is set to on . switch it to off and you will be ok . i had the same problem because i had an application set to on . instant fix !
for me the solution was similar but different . i had nothing under the accessibility options excepted " talkback " turned off . i turned it on then off and voila ! it brought back the arrows .
check the mac address on your tablet , and compare it to the mac address listed for the tablet on your hot spot in the configuration window . if the two mac addresses are not the same , your hot spot will not connect and an ip address will not be assigned . i am currently experiencing this problem where something keeps changing the mac address in my tablet . i have not been able to resolve it , including performing a full factory reset . i am certainly open to any advice or suggestions on this issue . thanks
not even your stock firmwares are 100% reliable , really - i have experienced crashes with the stock android straight from google and built for a nexus . omnirom is quite stable , however . i have currently got one of the nightly 4.4 builds running on my phone ( sony xperia t ) and it is not exhibiting any issues the standard aosp 4.4 is not . at the end of the day flashing any custom software onto your handset is a risk . it is usually outlined to you before you download a rom image that it is possible you might brick your device in the process , rendering it unusable , but if you follow the instructions carefully this is unlikely to happen . if you are not confident in the software , or your ability to successfully install it , protect your expensive hardware and do not flash it .
open hangouts and make sure you are on the conversation list page . choose the menu dots in the upper right and choose " settings -> sms " and there should be a check box a few spaces down for " vibrate " under " notifications " let us know if that works !
if you are sure the keyboard is properly paired , have you tried using the excellent external keyboard helper pro ? i use it with a microsoft bluetooth keyboard , and it handles both switching to the external keyboard from the internal one ( and back ) when needed , but also little chores like nuking the caps lock key .
check your phones settings > wifi settings , to see if wifi is selected to " always " stay on . if not you can change it to go off whenever the screen goes off . this may help with some of the battery drainage . update : @jmbouffard . - while you are in settings > about phone > battery use , have you clicked the graph at the top ? sometimes only " phone idle " will show but clicking the graph will give you better details .
i know this may look like common sense , but maybe you could simply take a piece a paper and note every single launched application whenever this happens . after 5 iterations , you should have a pretty accurate idea of the culprit . if not , as tim mentionned , you should take a look at the logs to have a better understanding of what is going on on the system itself . ps : using a paper rather than an app would be encouraged , because the notepad app you would be using could be the culprit itself : )
i think this could maybe be because of several things : you have a bad network connection . if you are on a location where there is a bad network connection , your phone will have to try very hard to keep this connection enabled . or maybe that is also possible when you are walking in locations that have a bad connection to the outside world ( in the basements of some buildings for example ) . sometimes if you are using live backgrounds , that drains the battery too . another possibiliy is that your phone is syncing in the background . if you have for example enabled that calendars have to stay synced ( and you have an enabled data connection ) , then your phone will on regular bases connect to the internet for some updates . i do not think ( but i am not sure though ) that this would show up in your task manager . it could also be that something like your gps or bluetooth is enabled , and becomes a problem ( although i think this would show up in your task manager ) i would suggest you have a look at the services that are enabled , even when your phone is in standby mode ( bluetooth , gps , syncing . . )
the book pro android python with sl4a comes with some free downloadable source code , you can find it on that official site . in the source code samples there are examples of basic httpserver , and basic ftpserver . both of those will work on android devices , i imagine it is also possible to make a more advanced webserver using python , or perhaps even re-purpose one that is already in existence .
absolutely ! you can either download a ready made one - like kws - android web server or write your own - here 's some code to integrate in to your project or just use as is
after hours of searching on the net and string of emails with the customer care i received a call from a member claiming to be from the technical team . the end result of the call was that there is no hdmi setting in the settings panel and the only way to display content on to the tv using hdmi is through the stock " vortex " player , which basically has no options than to change volume , display mode and the tracker . i could not find any info on this player 's version or if there is any update for it that could help . also my search for some effective alternative like realhdmi for droidx almost has hit a dead end . marking this as answered to serve as information source for people who buy this product and hope i might receive some effective alternatives in the future .
not all rfid systems are compatible with nfc . nfc uses an rf frequency of 13.56 mhz ( so-called hf ) , but there are other common rfid systems that use frequencies in the range of 100-150 khz ( so-called lf ) or 860-960 mhz ( so-called uhf ) . your key may belong to an lf or uhf system . another possibility is that your key is part of an hf system , but uses a command set or an rf modulation scheme that is not compatible with nfc .
try the free os monitor by eolwral . you can see every physical or logical network interface with associated ipv4/6 and mac addresses as well as total rx ad tx . also has open connections and more , pretty awesome app for free if you ask me .
netgenie lite can do that .
android comes with ifconfig , install terminal emulator and type " ifconfig eth0" , or use " netcfg " to list all available devices . you need root to use ifconfig though .
it removes the app 's entry from the /data/data/com.android.vending/databases/localappstate.db database : i am not aware of it making any other modifications to the filesystem ( it does not touch library.db insofar as i can tell ) , but it is possible that there is some other magic behind it .
i expect the same way as any other update . Menu | Settings | About phone | System updates if it tells you that " your system is currently up to date " then your carrier has not released the update for your phone yet . ( they usually do staggered rollouts so as not to overload anything . )
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
i do not have a tv paired with my youtube account , so this is really just another setting to look at . go to your youtube account : https://www.youtube.com/account click on the connected tvs option at the bottom of the left hand menu . if available , disconnect the tv from here .
if your phone will not turn on , i do not think installing drivers will help . and yet you say that the computer " sees " the phone . in my case i found that after successfully upgrading to 4.4 that my windows pc could no longer " see " my phone unless i went into storage and changed the usb settings to ptp . however , on my linux machine i can access all folders and storage . so if you have a linux machine or at least a live disk you may be able to access you internal storage that way . but if the phone is not turning on , i am not sure what you can do from that point . hope something in my ramblings helps . :- )
i have managed to deal with this problem by performing a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . -- why it blocked and prevented me from performing a screen unlock remains to be explained .
for those that tried the soft reset to no avail : some tablet covers have magnets in them used to toggle the screen on and off . if your cover is poorly made , it may trigger the screen to turn off at inopportune times , e.g. when you have it folded back like a book cover and it is turning your screen off as soon as you get past the lockscreen .
as said in my comment on the question itself : that settings page is the place to configure the default behaviour . in your described case , those settings define the screen to switch off after 30s of idle time ( i.e. . no touch event ) , plus activate the keyguard action ( i.e. . the lock pattern , pin , or password ) after additional 5 seconds ( so if you switch the screen back on within less than 5s after it switched off automatically , you do not have to unlock the device as it would not yet be locked ) . now why does the screen stay on for 20 minutes or more , though configured to switch off after 30s of idle time ? the solution is not always that obvious . apps with the appropriate permissions might override those default settings . a good example is a navigation app : one surely does not want to permanently touch the screen to keep it from switching off while navigating . another example might be an ebook reader prolonging the timeout . while a reboot might solve that issue once it happens ( in case a quick-fix is needed ) , in the long run it will prove better to check running apps for candidates overriding the mentioned default settings . while the navigation app might be obvious ( and most likely desired ) , other apps might let you configure this behaviour . in case you cannot easily figure out which app is causing it , a look at the system logs might prove useful . alogcat is one example of apps helping you to capture log contents ( there are many others as well ) . it might produce a large amount of lines , but searching the content for strings like " screen " , " timeout " , and the like has good chances to narrow it down .
your problem is not in display but in lock screen . i had the same problem and fixed it : go to settings , lock screen , then secured lock time , and set it for ten minutes
i would rather go with replacing the sd card and checking if that happens again . nowadays there are lots of cheap sd cards which simply lose or corrupt your data with no particular reason . there have been reports of sd cards that pretend to be 4 , 8 , 16gb or even more but only have 256mb . if you have such a bad card and copy more than 256mb of data it will get corrupted . the same thing applies to flash drives etc . if that does not help then try to restore your device to the original state and do not install all your applications at one go . try to install the most important first and the rest in some intervals so you can find the one which may be causing problems .
try installing the standard rom , if this also does not work you can be sure that this is a hardware problem with the phone . i think the problem occurred when you spilled water on your mobile phone . it will oxidize and become damaged over time . if you had lost your phone in salt water , it would be destroyed immediately . when you lose your phone in water or spill water on it , you should take out your battery immediately and deliver it to professionals to clean it before it oxidizes . since the phone has been in contact with water , your guarantee is void . how a water sensors looks like : http://altinett.no/2/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/futkskade-mb.jpg there is two water sensors in this picture . one looks like a black circle and white in the middle , this censor has not been in contact with water . the other censor to the left looks like a black circle with red in the middle , this has been in direct contact with water . how an oxidized motherboard looks like : http://altinett.no/2/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/fukt-korrosjon-lcd2.jpg this case is irreversible .
easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
if root is an option , the ultimate answer would be titanium backup . scheduled backup of everything , support for dropbox and more . as for folders , i would say foldersync is certainly worth a try . support for many cloud services , as well as your own servers via ftp and more .
" rooting a phone " - acquiring super user permissions . " installing the su application " - making it so you can acquire super user permissions any time you want . the first thing you should do after rooting a phone is install the su application so you can have root permissions any time you want them . most automated rooting processes do this for you , but if you acquire root permissions manually , you probably have to install the su application manually too .
your device is not rooted at all . without su binary , you can not assume command as root .
my first suggestion is to look into replacing your launcher . you can find several home launcher replacements in google play market . my current favorite is the holo launcher . alternatively
this functionality is not available as standard in your default launcher , but the launcher is replaceable . there are lots of alternatives out there , some require a minimum os version . unless you have rooted your phone it looks like the maximum os version you can be on is v2.3.5 ( source : http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_y_s5360-4117.php ) . so this rules out the newer breed of launchers which are based on the android 4 . x launcher . but there are still a load of good launchers which will be compatible with your phone and will provide the functionality that you are looking for . have a look at : go launcher adw launcher
use holo launcher : really an awesome launcher , you will get an ics look and you can hide icons in the drawer ; you can also add icons in the dock session . use it and i bet you gonna really like the holo launcher .
this requires a rooted phone . there is a good guide here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1103399 if you do not have adb , get the full android sdk from here : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ( it might come in useful multiple times , and all app developers should already have it ) . do not trust websites offering adb alone unless it the official android site . after installing it , browse to the install directory , then " platform-tools " , then open the command line -- on windows 7 , this is done by shift-right-click and choose " open command window here " , then type " adb " . power-on sound this sound file is not in the standard location for android ( /system/media/audio ) so most guides have not worked for me . connect your phone to your computer and open adb . go into shell with " adb -d shell " . now become super-user with " su " - your phone must be active and unlocked - a dialog will open which you accept . in adb again : " mount -o rw , remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system " . now rename the sound files so they can not be found ! " cd /system/etc " " mv poweron . wav poweron . wav . old " " mv 1_power_on . ogg 1_power_on . ogg . old " restart your phone . there should be no power-on sound . disable camera sound again . this sound file is also not in the standard android location ( /system/media/audio/ui/camera_clicker . ogg ) so most guides have not worked for me . first , make your / read-write . in adb , go into shell then type " cat /proc/mounts " , find the line where "/" is the second column , and remember the first column which in my case is " rootfs " . in adb do " mount -o rw , remount -t yaffs2 rootfs /" now you need to edit the root default . prop ( that is , "/default . prop" ) . in adb : " cp /default . prop /sdcard/default . prop " . copy it from your sd card to your computer ( samsung kies is the easier way ) . add the line " ro . camera . sound . forced=0" and save . put the edited file back onto your sdcard with the same name . now " cat /sdcard/default . prop > /default . prop " restart your phone . open the camera app . taking photos and videos should now be silent .
just go to sounds and set volume to 0 for system
i found out the issue was with the image i was using . my experience was that all of the cyanogenmod 11 nightlies created the loop , and the only version that worked for me was the " snapshot " build .
this is not gonna be a the best answer but just google mp3 cutter . i used one of the apps and they do a good job edit : just select your points and hit ' start cut ' https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.beka.tools.mp3cutter
can not you just split the contact up in two ? so if the account have two google accounts it is just two contacts on your address book . it looks to me that you are only able to choose between more numbers , so if your contacts have multiple phone numbers you can choose between them , but emails you are not . ( even when they are added as hangout emails and is a verified google+ account . ) the way i would do it is split them up in multiple contacts and then make a group chat with that person that have more then one google account .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
i do not know of any apps that can do that , but ( supposedly ) any android 4.2 device can do that with a wireless display adapter connected to an hdmi-enabled tv . i also found this project by e.s.r. labs , which they successfully get a nexus s to mirror it is screen ( albeit onto a raspberry pi ) . mirroring functionality is also sometimes limited due to hardware requirements . i also recently found that a developer was able to get miracast working on nexus 7 and 4 variants . check it out on xda with videos . something cool to note with this project is that the mirroring capabilities are all software based ; no need for additional hardware . hopefully that will also lead to further development for mirroring on devices that do not already have the hardware inside of them .
the phone should be correctly detecting the charge of the battery even if the charger is not right . so it sounds to me more like a phone problem . either way i would discontinue this . . . if the phone really is trying to charge the battery past its limit you could definitely fry the battery or your device . did you ever have an infuse charger , and if so did it work ? you could try running the battery dry and then charging from that state ; i have heard that can help when the battery stats get messed up . in conjunction you could wipe the battery stats ( you will have to google how to do that for the infuse ) but that is generally a last resort since it takes quite a few charge cycles for the battery stats to get rebuilt ( your phone relies on them to determine the charge of your battery with any accuracy ) .
try pressing the power button for > 30 seconds . if it does not work , try to alternate power sources ( pc/laptop usb port , and ac adapter ) while repeating step #1 . still no go ? you may have to remove back cover and reconnect battery . warranty case . ( source )
that is because there are so many devices available . entries in /dev are not restricted to physical devices , but also include logical ones . you just named one : tty . you do not really think you have got 63 " connectors " somewhere to attach keyboards etc . to ? also , /dev/random is nothing physical , but rather " software " ( a random-number generator provided by the system itself ) . same applies to things like /dev/null , /dev/zero , and several others . for more/deeper details , you might refer to following articles : linux filesystem hierarchy device file ( wikipedia ) -- recommended for this topic , as it explicitly included pseudo-devices linux system administrator 's guide - the / dev directory
not all devices at /dev are physical , some of them are logical and may be temporary needed by kernel/software ( and some of them are symlinks , like log_modem -> /dev/ttyacm2 ) . and , as i see , you have default linux tty count . it is not used ( reserved and may be used ) , but it is no problem .
most logs are stored in catlog , you can use adb ( android debugging bridge ) to read it ; there are apps on the market can be used to read catlog .
" alert " will cause a new window with the event details ( or a list of events with their info , if more than one ) to pop up on top of the active one and take focus when the reminder occurs . it also puts a notification icon in your status bar tray . the " status bar notification " setting causes the status bar icon to appear but does not automatically bring up the details dialog .
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
you might want to take a look at andmade share -- an app that claims to replace your share list with a completely customizable one , as the following screenshots show : as you see , you not only can get rid of unwanted entries -- but also re-organize the order of those left , so you can have your most-used on top .
once i unchecked automatic date and time and automatic time zone on date and time settings , everything worked perfectly .
i do not see anything in the settings for the default browser on my phone ( droid , android 2.2.1 ) . you are almost certainly going to need to try an alternative browser . i do not know if any of them offer that functionality either , though .
the android implementation of talk-to-text sends your voice to google 's servers , parses your speech into text , then sends the text string back to the handset . without access to the internet , it is unable to transmit your voice data to their servers .
each user account has its own lockscreen settings , so the easiest way to do this is to simply use a password lockscreen for each user . in fact , you can use entirely different lockscreen security for one user than you do for another ( e . g . one could use a pattern , one a pin , one a slide lock , etc ) . to set this up , select a user and unlock the device , then go into settings => security => screen lock and select the " password " option ( you could also use pin or pattern , of course ) . set the desired password , then lock the device . repeat this process for each of the other user accounts to set up individualized passwords for each one .
this is absolutely normal . gsm connections cannot maintain a data and voice connection at the same time . the s2 can , and will , however be able to make a voice call and still continue using a wifi data connection . this is true for most cellular providers in india , unless they support the dtm protocol ( highly doubtful ) .
i have found a solution to fix that . i went to system settings > motion control and there i had " video set to pause when looking away " . after disabling that it is not auto pausing anymore .
check your phone if you have selected a default action when you plug in your phone . if memory serves , it connects in " charge-only " mode by default , and pops a menu for selection . if you have already chosen a default action , go to `settings-> connect to pc " and change the default . you will need to choose " htc sync " mode or somesuch .
in short , never ever back up system apps and settings from one handset and restore to another , that is exactly what happens ! : ) mismatches with system app 's key signature conflicts with another 's rom 's key signature , and variants of settings as well may not exist on the other , all of those can lead to breakages such as what the op is experiencing . the only way to get that back , is to perform a factory reset to restore everything back to its original state .
connect your device and at the command prompt : type adb devices and press enter ( your device should now be listed ) . . . type adb shell and press enter ( wait for the "#" to appear ) . . . . type mount sdcard next to the "#" sign and press enter . . . you will need to know the mount point also if you intend to mount the external card . as an example : su mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /sdcard/external_sd
afaik the different partitions are identified by their ordering on the sd card . therefore the standard fat32 partition comes first , followed by the app/data partition ( usually ext3 or ext4 ) . sometimes a swap partition follows as third partition . if you use the same partition pattern ( number of partitions and partition types ) on the new sd-card there should be no problem . the partition sizes should not play a role - as long as you do not reduce the size . just partition the sd-card , format the partitions and copy your data from your old sd-card over to the new .
you might want to use some package inspector like e.g. app detective to see what receivers the app in question has set up . most likely it is acting on some broadcast , such as e.g. " sdcard mounted " , to check for media , or " network changed " to check for other dlna services . if your device is rooted , you might be interested in apps like rom toolbox or autorun manager , which allow you to disable selected receivers , or even freeze the entire app . without root , you can try whether that app can be disabled in settings → apps . it is either running for nothing or ( these days it is no longer called " paranoia" ) working for somebody else , if you do not use it yourself .
i have done sort of the reverse -- installed a us t-mobile rom to my t-mobile phone while i had it on the canadian rogers network . since the legend is also a gsm phone like my vibrant , i would expect yours to work just as well as mine did . just make sure you have your sim card in for the whole process .
art is not in the gs4 developer options . it is not compatible with the sense ui , so it was left off the gs4 update .
well , the one click root method requires windows . you could try running a windows vm in ubuntu ? but you can also do it manually .
i have a t-mobile g1 running 1.6-donut . i rooted it this weekend from my ubuntu laptop . here 's what i did : install terminal emulator from the marketplace ( i did not end up using it , but it is good to have ) installed the android sdk on my laptop ( actually , i installed it six months ago , but that is not the point , is it ? ) downloaded universal androot from this xda forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=747598 used adb install to install the universalandroot . apk -- the command will be something like adb install /home/amanda/Downloads/UniversalAndroot_1.6.1.apk ran universal androot on my phone once it was installed . rebooted my phone then i had root . i installed the busybox installer from the marketplace ( note : there is a $0 version but donating is nice , too ) and used that to install busybox . note that i was not able to install busybox ( you install the installer from the marketplace , but then you use that app to install busybox itself ) until i would not only unmounted my phone from my laptop but actually pulled the cable . my phone did not want to re-mount the sd card with the cable in . ps . the relative " fanciness " of a proprietary os is debatable but also offtopic .
indeed . since you are rooted , i suggest you use the freeware sytrant . it also allows you to choose which time server you wish to sync from as well as allowing a user to specify a daily interval at which the time can be updated automatically .
yes it is possible to enanble and disable the phone 's key gaurd ( phone lock ) depending on various context 's ( example , when in office ) i have personally setup my phone to do it . my setup uses tasker ( a paid automation app in playstore ) to identify if i am in office using an approximation of my phones gps location co-ordinates and then i use secure settings ( a free plugin for tasker ) which has the capability to enable and disable the phones key-gaurd note - system settings will require root to be able to toggle the keygaurd .
sure . if you use automation app like tasker , you can make your phone to disable screen guard , if it detects you are in your office . detecting your location can be achieved in many ways . you could use any wifi , if it can be used as a reference or rely on cell id , defining a radius . please see a guide aptly named as location without tears . it explains the various ways with which the tasker can identify your location . it goes more explaining the pros and cons , the trade off between the battery life and accuracy etc . i use tasker in my mobile to reduce all volumes when i am in the vicinity of my office . i did this by creating a profile and choosing the State as my first context . in the next screen Select Phone Action i selected Phone and select Cell near option . this brought up the following screen : when i pressed scan tasker started to log near by cell tower 's id . i left it for a while and walked around my office so that it will gather maximum ids . i initially thought tasker only retains last eight ids , but when i exported the profile to xml , i could see many entries . hence the more time you keep it scanning and more walk around you make , more will be probability of successfully recognising your location . well that is only half job done . i then assigned an action that the tasker can perform when this profile is active . there are two kind of tasks - one is called entry task and other is called exit task . i used Keyguard action to switch key guard off as entry task , which will fire when this profile is made active . i used the same Keyguard action to swtich the key guard on as exit task so that when this profile is deactivated .
the short answer is that it is different for each phone . there is no generic " install android " procedure for two reasons : unlike on a pc , where the windows installer or debian installer has drivers to access ( almost ) any pc hardware , in embedded devices each model needs a rom image specific to that combination of hardware . the first part of any installation procedure is to download or compile a rom image for the device you are going to install it on . the steps to follow to install the rom are different for each device . different devices have the internal storage configured and partitioned differently . some manufacturers may use their own tool in place of fastboot . and of course some hardware might require special measures to access it , such as changing jumpers on the board , or connecting to special pins not normally accessible . most devices do not need anything so extreme , but even in the easy cases it is important to get all the command parameters correct . manufacturers do not have a problem with this because each production line only needs to flash one kind of device . they do not actually have someone sitting there typing fastboot commands over and over again : they use special-purpose hardware and software to flash many devices as quickly as possible . only those who design the production line or work in the factory know exactly what steps they take to initialize each device .
if you are not rooted , you have to do factory data reset to change your primary gmail acccount . ( settings > privacy > factory data reset . ) if you are rooted then you can use a file manager program to rename /data/system/accounts . db file and restart the phone . you can find the detail steps with illustration here .
native binaries ( as the mkfs.* tools are ) need to be compiled for the platform they should run on . so if you take the mkfs.ext3 from your ubuntu workstation , which probably is either x86 or x86-64 , it will not work on your android device , which most likely uses arm architecure .
since i think there are not reliable sources for these binaries you could prefer to compile it ( statically ) using busybox with a cross compiler . you are using cyanogenmod so should be also easy to compile it using the cyanogenmod source code ( search on their site since i can not post more link : ) ) , busybox is in the external/ directory .
well , now you can remove the unwanted apps from your market website as well as from the market history . all you have to do is delete from your all apps list . goto your play store app and select My Apps then swipe the screen to your left to see the ALL apps list . just click the crossed circle icon ( pointed with the green arrow ) to remove the desired app . make sure you have uninstalled the app before removing . you can uninstall the apps directly from the all apps list as well . note : it seems that this list only contains market installed apps . ( i.e. . apps other than user installed .apk apps )
if you want them removed from the market app list of previously installed applications , you will have to clear the data in settings -> applications -> manage applications -> market . to get them to not show as installed on the market website , i would think that this will " clear " once your device does a sync and then the site processes that sync . you have no control over how the website shows applications that are installed . i would say way a few days and if they are still showing as installed , you can try contacting google about the issue .
edit : this answer is outdated , please see sid 's answer i reported this to android team , and got this reply : hi , thanks for writing in . i understand that some apps are still showing on your account even after being uninstalled . keep in mind that all the apps you download will always show on the android market website for history purposes . uninstalled apps will be removed from the android market app on your device after a few days . regards , the android market team so , that means they will never go away from the android market website . . .
the shv-160k is a version of the phone only made for the south korean market . it works in the us , but only on gsm , not 3g or lte , because the us cell networks use different frequencies to south korea . ( the western half of s america uses the same frequencies as the us . ) this tells me that it should work as a 2g phone for you , but perhaps there is no gsm coverage where you are , only lte ? in that case , you are screwed and you should sell your phone to a korean on ebay .
you are right . sleep mode is something from motorola , not from android . so , cyanogenmod ( based on the stock rom ) does not have this option . it has several other options , and you just need to find something close to it . you could try airplane mode , which turns off all connections ( wifi , bluetooth , cellular , nfc , etc . . )
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
this is due to the fact that by default non google-play applications are blocked by default in android , as a security measure . to allow these to be installed go to ( this may vary in wording across android versions ) Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown Sources this allows things to be installed that are not form the known ( google play store ) source . you can , in later versions , set only the inital install to process or allow any further ones to install . in android it is similar to this ( slight variety in different versions ) on the kindle it is slightly different :
hmm the only thing i can think of would be to get clockwork or something similar and format the space and reflash the rom .
simplest method . place moisture-damaged device in zip-lock bag , with at least two tablespoons of white rice . store in warm place ( hot water cupboard , or sunny nook ) , but out of direct sunlight , for two to three days . then all moisture will now be in rice , which you should discard ( rather than consume ) . note : any attempt to use device , prior to complete removal of moisture , may have permanently damaged the device .
if the hardware is water damaged , then no sorry . it is quite possible that the device still has a small amount of liquid inside it - i suggest crushing some chalk , and placing the entire device into the crushed chalk ( it absorbs moisture ) . otherwise , i am sorry to say that you would be quite stuck and would have to go to a repair shop .
afaik the nook tablet doesnt have 3g support . so country specific problems are not applicable . you can use wifi wherever you want . with the kindle app or another app that supports . mobi it is possible . otherwise you can use a program like calibre in your pc to convert them to epub .
currently , you can side load the flash player on a 4.1 device . meaning you have to download the apk file and install directly from the device , or with adb . there is no guarantee that flash will work at all in the future . not only is adobe dropping flash support for android 4.1 , no new installs for any version of android will be allowed for the flash player app from google play after august 15th . i hope that this actually means that adobe is moving closer to making flash " export " to something that modern browsers can all run , like using the html5 canvas . flash on android has always been pretty limited . it is only real use was for playing flash video , anything else i ever tried to use it with was buggy and laggy .
download jellybean 4.1 adobe flash player apk from xda-developers , if you wish to install it manually . read through the information there first , and install at your own discretion .
on all my android devices ( 3 htc phones and an asus transformer ) , if you sign off gtalk manually ( gtalk/menu/exit ) , gtalk does not reconnect again until you do it manually .
you cannot just install cyanogenmod on any rooted device . it has to be one of the supported devices . there a lot of differences between builds of android and cyanogenmod for each device . they have different chipsets , gps , cameras , etc . they are always looking for other people to help support new devices though .
we are working on superosr , discussion here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=18609103#post18609103 a full list of cyanogen and other alternatives here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1698206 all chacha roms seem to have some bugs but otherwise quite stable . you could also take the latest official rom and remove stuff you do not use . there are some already prepared , but you can also do such modifications yourself . make sure to learn to use backup and restore before you start : )
since you are using cyanogenmod , this may be the case with your device and it is an issue with the ril part of your device . this is a bug that needs to get reported to the developer of your cyanogenmod builds
there is nothing wrong with it . its the expected/correct behaviour of a freshly installed rom that does not have google apps ( gapps ) installed . thus , the telephony/wifi signal will show up as grey . its only when that google apps ( gapps ) are installed , then it will show up as blue , this is for ics upwards . in gingerbread , if no gapps is installed , and there is wifi connectivity , its white , when gapps gets installed , it changes to the typical green that is known under gingerbread . to resolve this , please install the appropriate gapps suitable for your cm10 rom . edit i am under the impression that gtalk application and service is part of the gapps hence my comment below to izzy about this . . . and seems to backup the fact that if gtalk service is not present , the signal colours do appear different .
for me the wifi signal turned gray and i was unable to connect to all google apps like playstore and gmail . i found out that it was because i installed freedom app and uninstalled it . so i installed it again , and in the app settings i clicked the check-box where it says " do not install playstore updates , " and uninstalled the freedom app again . now everything was fixed ! ! ! do not install freedom app ! it messed up my phone luckily i was able to turn it back easily to the state it was before .
i tried to reset phone , clearing cache , data but it wont work but now i have a quick solution on this issue and grey wifi becomes blue in some minutes . all you need is " rooted phone " 1 . install : root explorer grant supersu permission to root explorer mount root explorer into read/write ( r/w ) . go to system > etc > locate " hosts " file in etc folder . edit hosts file using root explorer insert the symbol # before the second set of ip address numbers then save the changes and exit . reboot your phone . . . wifi icon will be blue as you start your phone back and some apps like google play store , keep , etc will be start as normal . thanks .
if its connected to your computer and the usb connection mode is " mass storage " , the sd card cannot be used by the phone . you may like to change the connection mode by pulling the notification bar from top and selecting " charge only " so that it does not mounts the sd card and it remains usable by the phone while it is connected to pc .
try inserting another sd card and see if the problem continues . else , copy all the data fro , the sd card onto your pc . then , format the sd card and see if the phone recognizes it . if it does , copy back the data . also toggle the usb debugging mode - android settings > applications > development and see if it helps .
i can not think of a 3rd party way to do what you want , but i can help you with the google way . first , head into gmail and then contacts . you will see in the list of groups " other contacts " . that is everyone you have ever interacted with over gmail ( not sure if gtalk or phone convos are in there as well ) . so that is where your big ugly list is coming from . you can stop google from adding more by going into settings > general > create contacts for auto-complete and turning that off . now , this big ugly google list you have , you can now either delete completely or wade through it and clean it up . it is up to you . some entries may be useful . i do not have thunderbird , but i am pretty sure it must have an export contacts to csv function . do that and try to import into google contacts . you may have to massage the formatting a little ( this may help http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=12119 ) if it does not import cleanly . if you have gotten this far and now have google full of contacts , you may want to try and " merge " ( more > find and merge duplicates ) to see if anyone you just imported also had an entry in other contacts like a secondary email for example . so now that you have got your list on google 's server it will show up automatically on your android phone , any other android device youre logged into , as well as gmail in the browser . gmail exports contacts out to csv as well . so you could potentially keep swapping csvs back and forth from thunderbird to gmail and back to keep them in sync , but that sounds like a bit of a hassle .
usb otg stands for usb on-the-go . this allows your phone to use usb devices ( e . g . mice , keyboards , external usb drives ) through a microusb to usb adapter . the mhl adapter allows your device to connect via hdmi to a tv or monitor . the statement that it can power the device just means that it can both charge/power the phone and allow hdmi output via the mhl adapter . to get that power , though , it requires your power cable to be connected , as hdmi does not provide power . not all mhl adapters can do this .
nd geek is correct , but the 11 pin connector on the galaxy siii and any new cell phone/tablet/android device using this new connector can go further . the otg function is simultaneous with the mhl and the normal 5 pins are the otg pins . otg hosts can , indeed , power usb downstream devices , but lack current for more than mice and keyboards ( or memory sticks and cameras ) . a powered hub and an otg cable with a micro-b on one end and a micro-a/b on the other end ( the host end ) is needed to use a hub . with this and a power box with 2a output can allow use of hard drives and cd/dvd players . the mhl connection is brought in through the extra 6 pins on the connector ( only 3 of which are used for mhl ) . the ability to charge the phone at the same time as outputting mhl and otg requires 8 of the 11 pins and samsung is being cagey about what those other 3 pins are for . in the end , the traditional 5 pins are for the otg and that explains why the siii is not backwards compatible with other mhl adapters or devices . this does mean that the 11 pin devices will support otg natively and be backwards compatible . hmm . . . 8 pins . . . sounds familiar , somehow .
grey icons do not mean that you do not have internet connectivity . eldarerathis 's answer explains : it has to do with whether or not you have currently got a good connection to google 's servers for sync services and the like . from page 27 of their android 2.3 users guide : network status icons turn green if you have a google account added to your phone and the phone is connected to google services , for syncing your gmail , calendar events , contacts , for backing up your settings , and so on . if you don’t have a google account or if , for example , you’re connected to a wi-fi network that is not connected to the internet , the network icons are white . i am not really sure why it bounces back and forth between green and white sometimes . i have noticed it on my phone but everything works fine ( i run cyanogenmod , though , so perhaps it has to do with that ) . it could also be that green means it is currently in the act of syncing , but the wording in the document is a little vague , in my opinion . in the case of honeycomb or ice cream sandwich , the colors are blue/grey instead of green/white , but they still have the same meaning .
i was getting the same issue with my tablet . grey icon for wifi and ssl error on my chrome browser . no internet whatsoever , started happening when i tried clearing cache files on system . i was searching and googling for answers abt this issue with my wifi , then i finally tried fixing it myself . this was happening to my lenovo ideatab a3000-h , then i looked on every settings i could see , to check if there are any changes on anything . i was almost about to give up , then i saw the time was incorrect . i checked the system date and time and i saw it was set to 8am 01/01/09 . i then set the right date and time ( automatic setup via mobile network ) , then poof , everything went running again . i see my blue wifi icon now . . the other guys are correct , grey icon means that there was an error on google sync , and in my case , since the time was all messed up , the syncing part was getting confused . grey icon for wifi doesnt always mean ' no internet ' . just means , syncing is not successful
after my suffering with a android phone last week . . . i found the solution is certain for the emergence of the network in gray . . . . which in turn prevents communication with the android market--- the solution is very very simple and without any programs all you have to do is : only change to moscow time zone . . . then , change the device language to russian then wait less than a minute will automatically change the signal directly to the color blue then , return your phone as it was .
android does not do that ( nor do ios and others ) . imho it is not smart to automatically try to do such a thing . it is just a coincidence that your credentials are the same for both those very different things . exchange credentials and vpn credentials should really be not the same to begin with ( for obvious security reasons ) .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
do you already have the application installed on your phone ( installed via eclipse ) ? if so i expect the exported apk is signed with a different key to the version already on your phone . android will not allow you to ' update ' an app if the signing key is different . un-install the app and try installing the apk again . if it still fails it may be that the exported app is corrupt in some way .
you can try installing the apk without your sd card . sometimes , the sd card causes that problem .
you can use blocking mode . a feature in the samsung touchwiz devices ( i believe made available in 4.0 ) . settings -> blocking mode enable blocking mode uncheck " disable incoming calls " set the time that blocking mode should be enabled sleep until the phone rings if you still want to actually receive the notifications for email and text messages you can do the following : go to settings -> sound select volume turn up ringtone turn down all the others while these are not " one touch " , you can do the second one right from the home screen . just hit the volume button hit the button to expand the volume controls adjust the volume of all the settings
you can do this easily by using timeriffic . all you have to do is setup a new time triggered task . at the set time , you can make the notification volume to zero . after the set time you can make it change the volume back to normal level i suppose you want to mute the notification sounds rather than disabling them .
i came from blackberry too and i have used the quick profiles app on my atrix for exactly this purpose , and you can create multiple profiles . to allow phone calls to come through at night while muting all else . it is free and offers a lot of flexibility ( e . g . , settings such as screen time-out , brightness , etc . )
if you did not change anything on your phone and it is still under warranty ( you said less than 12 months ) , the easiest solution would be to take your phone to a samsung service center . they might change your battery for free .
2 possible causes : faulty battery usb port defect both of these are hardware problems . to be frank , battery charging problems seldom have to do with software defects , so the best thing is to send it to the nearest samsung service centre and get it fixed , or maybe even a replacement .
it may sound really strange but the real issue was the corporate policy of mounting the the unencrypted drives as read-only . this is specific to bitlocker and there is a registry workaround available .
from what i have found on the internets is that there are a lot of people that have had issues like this with the desire hd . they all said that either formatting the sdcard in windows , or even using windows 7 to " verify errors " solved the issue . before you format , you can copy all the content off the sdcard , and then place it back after formatting .
samsung phones have an option to sync data in the background , disabling it , saves data , as updates are only checked for when an app is open ( email/im/whatsapp etc ) . you need to enable that ( see green icon in image below ) to let your apps periodically check for data . screenshot ( click for larger variant )
cat is a very bad idea here . if you really want to make a backup on partition level , rather take a look at dd . what you probably want to do is something like dd if=/dev/mtd/mtd0 of=/sdcard/mtd0.image  for more details , you might want to consult the dd man page . remark : i am not sure whether the dd shipped with android supports the full list of options , so you might have to try out .
you could try lcddensity to create the effect of a higher resolution . not sure how this would look in a vm though .
thanks to eldarerathis comment . indeed , i was able to set needed resolution by modifying kernel boot parameters . instead of video=-16 in kernel boot options i use video=uvesa UVESA_MODE=1024x768 and all is working in native monitor resolution ! more detailed description is here ( in russian language ) .
install avast . enter its firewall section ( requires root access to work ) and allow/deny apps in roaming column ( wi-fi and home cell access will be untouched ) . avast 's firewall provides two modes : block selected and allow selected . choose any as per your requirement . use my data manager if you want to track data usage of individual apps . it has dedicated roaming section . it can help you in creating firewall rules or lowering data usage of important apps .
give a try to onavo count - it can block certain apps to use only wifi , cap data usage , provide alerts on data hogging apps , has widgets and more . link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onavo.android.onavoid overall , it is a very handy app for data management . it also comes with a companion app onavo extend to save on data usage : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onavo.android.onavoics i would also suggest to keep data turned off as a pre-caution , and turning it on periodically - even if you use onavo . settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and tick off the " data roaming " checkbox . enjoy your trip !
not without a rooted device ( or uninstalling/freezing the other apps ) . if you have a rooted device , you can control each apps network access e.g. using a firewall app like droidwall or even a more complex security solution like lbe privacy guard . both would allow you to say which app ( s ) may access the network via wifi and/or mobile network -- so you could even let them all work while connected to the free wifi provided by the hotel . if you are not rooted , but your device runs at least android 4 . x or higher , you could alternatively ( temporarily ) " freeze " ( i.e. . disable ) all apps which should not use the internet .
you should see them . this is what i see . the first picture if the menu you should be clocking :
i had a similar , if not exactly the same , situation . in my case , in the limited settings menu there was an item labelled " google account " which listed multiple accounts . as soon as i chose one of those accounts all of the normal settings menu items appeared .
have a look at go locker . it provides you with custom lock screens that can be themed . cant remember if compatible with tablets though .
ad-hoc mode used to be supported in the cyanogen roms , it is not in the stock images afaik . depending on your application , you might use wifi direct but i think it is a different api ( rather than just behaving like an ethernet segment ) and it does not cover all the uses cases that ad-hoc does .
wifi direct is not wifi in ad hoc mode . wifi direct ( p2p ) is build over soft acces point and make one of the device as " mediator " ( call group owner ) . i had the same issue for one of my dev . wifi direct is very interesting for dev betwenn many device without acces point but it still a application client/server
while you can solve the ad-hoc wifi connection issue , i think your bigger problem is on the application level . all standard messaging applications do use some sort of a server to send the messages . without the internet access you would have to set up your own server and at this point the ad-hoc wifi issue becomes a moot point - you will still need some infrastructure ( the server ) to be able to send the messages - why not the wifi access point then ?
ad-hoc is not natively supported by android . but starting with android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) , a new feature called wifi direct was introduced : wi-fi direct , previously known as wi-fi p2p , is a standard that allows wi-fi devices to connect to each other without the need for a wireless access point . this allows wi-fi direct devices to directly transfer data between each other with greatly reduced setup . ( source : wikipedia ) support for wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi , for more reliable , higher-speed communication . no internet connection or tethering is needed . through third-party apps , users can connect to compatible devices to take advantage of new features such as instant sharing of files , photos , or other media ; streaming video or audio from another device ; or connecting to compatible printers or other devices . ( source : android . com ) to me , this looks like what you are asking for : directly connecting two android devices via wifi without the need of a " mediator " .
the only way i can think to do this would be to set up call screening and caller id like so : then set up a contact for your google voice number with a custom ringtone .
your phone might be connecting to the wi-fi network using a static ip ( thus knocking off whatever device is also using that same ip to connect ) , go to advanced settings on your connection and choose dhcp , that should fix it .
i also had this issue . i am using lg gt540 . when using default lg home screen , i can change the lockscreen wallpaper . but if i use any other launchers the option is not there . now what i am doing is : i will switch to lg homescreen just for changing the wallpaper and then will switch back to launcherpro . you should do something like this . i know this is not the answer you are looking for ; i am just giving you some hints .
like keshavagn , i suspect a 3rd party app behind this . but neither your nova launcher , nor whatsapp itself . to isolate the culprit , i suggest the following steps : check with e.g. appbrain ad detector ( or trustgo , which you chose ) for apps carrying ad modules . these might include your culprit – but on a second look , that is not a typical " ad network message " . anyhow , note them down . see my answer here for how to check for apps having certain permissions . as described there , it is a " full-screen ad " here as well , so the system_alert_window permission might be involved . as it happens always on closing whatsapp , also check for get_tasks ( allows an app to check which apps are running ) and get_top_activity_info ( details on the app running in foreground ) . again , make a note on matches . keep an eye on what apps are advertized . try finding them at play ( better not by clicking on the ad , but separately – though the url behind the ad might reveal more ) . if it is always the same dev behind it , check whether you have an app from him running on your device . if that is already on one of your lists from above , you most likely have found your culprit . hard to realize , but possible while on some wifi you control the router as well : if that popup is open , cut the internet connection behind your router ( i.e. . your device is still using wifi , but cannot reach the " open internet" ) . now it should not be too risky tapping the ad ( hopefully ) . i would expect it opening your browser , which now cannot resolve the page – but you should see the url in the browser 's address bar . this might help to further narrow down suspects , if it is related to any of the apps you are using . finally , check your lists created during these four steps , and watch out for matches . if there is an app on list 2+3 ( and optionally more ) , that is a pretty certain candidate . it gets even more likely if it is also on at least one of the other lists . continue as described in the answer i have linked with item #2 . if you found out the responsible app , additionally to the steps described in the other answer , it would be a good idea to report your finding here as well ; )
this may be produced by some other application such as third party launcher . check any other 3rd party apps , mainly , 3rd party launcher that you are using . uninstal/stop those launchers/apps and check .
those " analyze board " links are coded to open a popup window using javascript . your desktop browser ( using an extension ) is overriding this default behaviour it would seem , in order to open in a new tab instead . those links are not programmed in a particularly accessible way unfortunately - if you do not have javascript enabled you get nothing . under google chrome on the desktop for instance i cannot avoid opening a popup window , it simply does not work if i choose to open the link in a new tab ( i get a blank page ) . having said that , using the default browser on android 4.0 , does open a new tab when those links are clicked - i do not get a floating popup window . i would have said that the problem is a combination of the website ( not being accessible ) and of the default browser on your mobile that is unfortunately unable to deal with this situation . can popup windows be controlled in the browser settings ? in some cases you could disable javascript on the mobile to get around this , but on this website if you did that you would get nothing ! edit : you mention that you do not have much room on your device to install an additional ( full blown ) browser . have you considered perhaps opera mini ( 858kb ) or dolphin mini ( 1,014kb ) - these have a reduced storage footprint .
use battery monitor in settings to see what is causing the battery drain . uninstalling apps is not the solution , until you have identified that as the problem . you can either access your battery stats in settings or in notification shortcut .
diagonise apps with any antivirus or security app and see what is the reason for fast draining of battery . usually the apps which use more ram are the reasons for less backup of battery . uninstalling those unwanted apps is the solution
had this problem on 2.2 when i first bought it . changing sd cards did not help . resolved by uninstalling some apps . i believe it is a task killer or a launcher that is causing the sd card rebooting few times daily . try deleting these apps one by one and monitor .
rockplayer looks promising
a good , simple and free alternative to rockplayer i use is vplayer . http://www.cyrket.com/p/android/me.abitno.vplayer/
in order to use jit and installing froyo , search cm6 wpdn . its a cyanogenmod 6 hack where you can make all sorts of tweaks , including the ones the other guy gave you
using jit ( just in time ) compiler ( e . g . installing froyo , gingerbread , or " frozen eclair" ) will typically increase cpu-bound processes by 3-5 times . if your device use fat , rfs , or ntfs filesystem , your device might be faster by converting to ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem . however , if you want to prolong the lifetime of your internal memory , use yaffs2 filesystem .
when unofficially modifying your phone , nothing is safe . . . but if others say it worked , give it a shot . just keep in mind that anything can go wrong , so back up your data and have a plan b for recovering your system . edit : plan b ( how to recover your phone ) : recovery software : http://www.archos.com/faq/index.php?action=artikelcat=120id=301 stock rom : http://update.archos.com/afmv1/storage//files/full/a40ti/20130922.101129/ota972121_8916_v007049.zip
create an ext4 partition with 1gb space ( for example ) . then , the first time you enter the rom , type in terminal emulator : su a2sd xdata y y  now , you have 1gb internal memory .
i have cm10 4.1.2 on my desire to get more space i partitioned the sd card ( using rom manager i think ) after struggling for some time to get a2sd working with no luck i downloaded mount2sd from google play - this app was great it just seemed to sort everything out with virtually no input from me . i dont understand it but i assume its a script that analyses the phones memory and then sends commands to a2sd to make it work best with the card - great for someone like me who likes things simple . might be worth a try martin
right-click on that " samsung_android " and select Uninstall . then make sure the Delete the driver... option is checked , and click the OK button . this should clear out the old drivers from the system . now unplug the phone and try uninstalling and re-installing kies . reboot the pc and try plugging the phone in again . if you are on windows 7 64-bit , you may be able to bypass kies software by installing this driver ( remove the " samsung_android " from device manager again before installing the driver . )
you connect device to computer running samsung kies and do the damage with official gingerbread all settings and databases will be lost or erased , so take care to make backup ( if you know how to root then with titanium is best ) there is aftermarket ice cream sandwich in development http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=807
if u have the samsung galaxy tab p1010 ( wifi only ) i found a firmware update to gingerbread 2.3.6 released in uk . im in south africa i installed in on my tab it worked perfect problems . but one thing if u do this u will lose ur warrenty well atleast i was told i would but hey it worked perfect . . . and till now there hasnt been a update in south africa so i did it . http://www.sammobile.com/ register and login click firmware type-tablet os-android model-pick ur model if listed as i said i picked a uk release
well , for the moment i am not coming up with any solution , so i have up and bought chromemarks . i went for the pay version because i really wanted to manipulate the bookmarks on the device . if you just need to see them on the device , then the free version ( chromemarks lite ) does a fine job . i have no idea what the real problem was , but it was worth $1.99 to me to have it solved immediately ( especially since the browser 's built-in bookmarks can not be viewed in any kind of list mode - just the icon view ) .
col , without some additional information , i can only give one real suggestion . did you install cyanogenmod correctly ? whenever installing a custom rom on a phone when coming from a stock or older / different custom rom , you need to wipe : -cache -data -dalvik cache if you go to the cyanogenmod forums , you will see this is question/step 1 in remedying any bug/glitch caused by cm . the best way to do this is to go into your phone 's settings menu , go to privacy ( or wherever htc puts it - maybe storage ) , and do a full factory reset . if you moved from stock , cm6 , or another rom to cm7 without conducting a full wipe , there is no point in attempting to troubleshoot this problem until you have . make a nandroid backup in clockworkmod , and perform a full factory reset ( whether in the settings menu or in the clockwork recovery ui ) , please . please note that i am not saying return to the stock rom , just wipe everything . if this does not work ( which i will be surprised if it does not ) , then there may be other issues .
get pdanet . screw verizon . lifetime use is $14 and you will never be charged another dime . it works well .
switch carriers to one that is more tether-friendly . ( there may not be one . )
i have used dolphin hd for some time now , but every time i try to compare its features with dolphin mini i get frustrated , there is no clear documentation everywhere . that said , dolphin mini is a version of the browser that is optimized for velocity and reduced resources use , so i came to the conclusion that dolphin hd is the right path to go if you have a terminal with decent resources ( 700mhz o more powerfull processor , 512mb of ram or more , 800x400 resolution , etc . . . . ) while the mini version is here to that ones that do not have this kind of terminals or that prefer a more faster browser even at the cost of missing some features . so with the two versions being free i choose dolphin hd if the terminal is powerfull enough to allow you to maintain 3 or more tabs open an user flash .
i was using dolphin hd for a while , but a lack of room on my internal storage forced me to swap to dolphin mini as it has a much smaller install size . i only use the browser for light browsing to a few regular sites , but i have not found anything that i can not do in dolphin mini . in my experience you might not miss out on anything if you use mini instead of hd .
google docs is a noteworthy difference . in short it seems that certain , small add-ons are hard-coded into the mini-version . the goal is to keep it simple and small - but it lacks the full add-on-featurabilty of dolphin . this difference makes mini less flexible , but smaller .
in the context of android , more ram means android can keep more sleeping program in the ram so they will be ready to be quickly resumed when you return back to the apps . more ram means android is going to spend less of its time killing and reloading apps from the internal memory/sd card , and instead spend more time doing actual work you care about . this means that more ram usually give you better/faster task-switching . also , more ram means your homescreen is less likely to be killed ; and you will not experience that 10-second-wait-that-feels-like-forever . having more ram also allows you to run complex apps that naturally requires a lot of memory , e.g. photo/video editor , complex games , etc . a higher cpu is able to calculate things much faster , while this might look tempting at first , it is notable that most programs -- except for games and synthetic benchmark and possibly flash-heavy webpages -- are i/o-bound and not cpu-bound ; in other word , most programs are waiting for network transmission , flash storage reads , dma reads , touch event processing , etc to finish , instead of waiting for some calculations . in cpu-bound application , increasing cpu speed can mean less latency between touching the screen and the screen updating to reflect the touch event . however , up to a certain point , there will be no longer any noticeable benefit of adding even more cpu ; beyond a certain point , the input turnaround will be much faster than our own brain 's turnaround time ( approx . 100-200ms ) and we will not be able to perceive the benefit of adding even faster cpu . also , note that input-to-output turnaround time depends on a large number of other factors , e.g. the latency of the cables , speed of the bus , etc . second , having some extra cpu time to spare also means that android can assign those spare cpu cycles to background processes , so background processes can run better . summary more ram : better task-switching can run more complicated apps or open larger/more complex files more cpu : faster turnaround between input and response ( less lag ) on cpu-bound apps better background processing in short , both are equally important ; your own personal usage pattern will determine which is more valuable for you . if you generally stays in a single program and is sensitive to input-to-output latency then having faster cpu will be more valuable for you ; if you constantly task switch between many different apps or if you need to run complex memory-hungry apps to open complex large files , then having extra ram is going to be more valuable to you .
in a phone most of the programs you will use are thinks like email , im , web browser , … this kind of apps does not need a powerful cpu , but given the fact that you will be using an android phone you will be running multiple applications at the same time which needs some extra cpu time , but more importantly , needs enough ram memory to accommodate all the applications . so , more than one or the other , the important thing in and android phone balance . with a 2ghz cpu and 512mb of ram you will be wasting cpu power because the phone will not have enough memory to accommodate sufficient applications to consume that amount of cpu cycles . the same occurs with a 500mhz cpu and 2gb or ram , the processor will not have enough cycles to execute enough applications to consume that amount of ram . so balance is the thing to consider . a cpu at 1ghz with 512 to 1gb of ram is a great combination . the same goes for a 600mhz with 256mb to 512mb ( a little underpowered for recent versions of andorid ) , or for a new two cores 1ghz cpu with 712mb or more of ram . given this considerations my recommendation will be to search for a phone with a 1ghz or more cpu and 1gb or more of ram , this phone will be powerful enough to run all the applications you will need in the next 2 years that is the maximum period of time you will be using the phone giving the evolution rate of the mobile technology .
well this is very subjective , because it depends what you are doing . first of all , true multitasking ( having multiple apps run ) requires a faster cpu , so that all the processes can run at a decent speed . you are right that for all these apps to remain in memory , you need more ram . i have 512 mb ram , and my processes only start getting killed if i run something that uses a ton like angry birds . on the other hand i have a 1 ghz processor and i never notice slowdowns regardless of what i am doing ( apart from angry birds bogging itself down during long plays ) . if you are doing email , twitter , facebook , web , etc . then you probably want more ram . if you want to play games then you need a decent amount of ram , but the processor and graphics chip is going to be more important . in general . another important consideration is i/o speed . if you have a samsung phone that uses rfs , install an ext4 lagfix &mdash ; you will notice a huge improvement . if you are recording hd video you may want a faster sd card ( we have questions about that ) , and so on . storage size is largely unrelated to performance , but you will want to consider that as well . many users kick themselves after installing a few apps and finding that they have run out of space . i highly recommend a device like my vibrant , which has an excessive 2 gb internal ( system+data ) storage ( and 14 gb internal sd , plus the external sd card ) .
it is actually the memory bandwidth that is most limiting . secondly , a good balance in specs , including ram size , processor speed and parallelism .
a possible solution is to reset all the defaults : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Menu &gt; Restore App preferences (or something, I have a Dutch version installed) 
use wifi tether app to create wi-fi hotspot . it features access control using which you can allow/ deny clients to use mobile data .
i did a quick search for " server " on the android marketplace , and most of the results seem to be basic file servers , web servers and ftp servers . these will help with sharing files , using your android device to store the files , but probably not much else . here is one that i found that supports upnp ( universal plug n ' play ) , and dlna ( digital living network alliance ) , and is designed for images , video and music , and states that xbox 360 and ps3 are supported , although it does not state that you can use it for games on those consoles , and the screenshots do not seem to have anything about games . now i am assuming that nearly all of these apps will require a network to be in place , that is , all devices would be on wi-fi with your router ( your homehub or whatever you use for all your devices to connect to the web , assuming you do not have a separate modem ) , so i do not think that these apps will make your android like a wi-fi hotspot , just a server in the sense of a central machine that stores the data that others use . the actual data connections would be via the router , just all going to/from the android .
my phone will not sync if i have low space warning in my notification bar . i have cleared out the data of a bunch of apps which were hogging my internal memory and as soon as i had cleared the low space warning my phone sync'd !
you just need to clear the data for gmail storage in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications . for some reason the gmail app occasionally thinks it has synced some messages and does not re-load them from the web , so you need to clear data so it will load everything from scratch .
yes , at least on 2.1+ . i do have the samung touchwiz ui though , and the email app is subtly different . i would expect it to be the same in this regard however . note that the email app is terrible , though , and may not otherwise behave how you want . i recommend a third-party app or forwarding your email to gmail .
from android 2.0 exchange support was added and this included multiple exchange accounts . http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.0-highlights.html the highlights there mention " handset manufacturers can choose whether to include exchange support in their devices . " but all the the higher end devises ( galaxy s , nexus one , htc desire etc ) will most certainly support it .
i could think off two possible alerting devices like : a bluetooth enabled watch - which when paired with the phone can display incoming call alerts and can even vibrate . being a watch on our hand its vibrations can not go unnoticed . casio has one ; amazon has few bracelets ; sony 's liveview are few options . to wear a bluetooth headset always so that the ring can be heard . if that looks like working for fbi : ) there are jewel kind of bt devices like this one .
my answer here for a similar question points to the missed reminder app which appears to have an adjustable led interval setting . hope it helps .
i am pretty sure i have only seen this feature on rooted android phones running custom roms . i have seen it on some custom roms in the ' messaging ' app , but never as a general system-wide setting . i am going to say that no , this is not possible right now , at least on stock android .
first , killing background processes will do nothing ; they will just be restarted . instead , focus on apps . you could use an app like titanium backup ( requiees root ) to " freeze " an app , and see if the problem stops . if it does you know what app is the problem . then uninstall it , or turn off background sync for it or something if that might be the problem . tb can uninstall system apps , but be careful which ones . i had this problem when i had sipdroid installed -- every time its connection dropped and came back up , it would turn on the screen .
i use apndroid ( also available in the marketplace for free ) . you can easily turn data on or off with the press of a button . add the apndroid widget to your home screen to easily turn data on or off .
just kill the apn connection settings . somewhere under settings . and there is actually a switch for mobile internet . disable that as well . worked like a charm for me . if you can not find it , add the power savings widget to your home screen , it has that option
if you want to use data some of the time ( sounds like you might if you are running a twitter app ) , i would second jonathan 's plug for apndroid . once you have installed it , longpress on your screen and select " widgets " to place the apndroid widget on your home screen , and you can turn data on and off . the other really handy widget is " power control " which is nominally there to give you control over your power consumption but functionally lets you turn bluetooth , wifi , gps and background syncing on and off . wifi should not be using your minutes at all , though . you should be able to use it instead of the 3g network .
on my galaxy s , you can hold the power button for a second and a menu will come up . just hit " data network mode " to deactivate it . you can reactivate it the same way . if you do not have that , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks and uncheck data enabled or use packet data or similar .
matthew was right . though since most of the steps had been already done from original rooting , i simply redownloaded the superuser . zip and installed from recovery . fixed the problem . thanks .
change boot sequence of computer from bios to make hard disk above removable usb media .
probably your mobile is treated as a bootable usb mass storage . pull down the notifications and try disabling usb mass storage in your phone .
resistive touch and capacitive touch will operate the apps the same way , the same way a laser and a mechanical mouse are two different technologies designed to do the same thing for the user . both have their advantages and disadvantages , for instance try using your capacitive iphone screen with gloves or finger nails , it wont work . a capacitive screens are known to be more accurate in general , although some nokia n900 users would argue that point . if you are buying a cheap tablet , i would not expect a resistive screen to be as accurate or responsive as a capacitive screen used on most mainstream models out there . you should be able to pan zoom even if the screen only supported "2 points " multitouch i would not stress about that . all pdf viewers will be compatible its a matter of trying a few out for yourself one by one , probably start with the official adobe pdf reader and go from there , everyone will have different tastes in what they want from a pdf viewer app . keep reading if you are still interested , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/touchscreen#technologies
a little late for this . wildfire is now rootable . i did it on mine a couple of days ago . i have cyanogenmod running . i followed the instructions in this site you basically first use alpharev to unlock the s-off mode and then you install clockwork recovery to backup and then unrevocked to root .
some people are reporting success by simply wiping data and cache first , then flashing the rom , wiping cache again , then flashing the gapps package . thread on the cm forums here ( from cm 6.1.1 , do not know if it is a related or similar problem , though ) . the flash might not work on a 2 . x release of cwm . you can get 3.0.0.5 here , but i do not know how stable it is right now . the filesystem changed to ext4 in gingerbread and i know the 2 . x releases are not really supported on other devices . they also changed from one update scripting language to another , which i think is related . it creates generally weird behavior from what i have read . . . edit : also looks like you can get cwm 3.0.2.8 from the cyanogenmod forums now . some relevant discussion can be found on xda here ( from the desire hd section ) . edit : since bryan noted that this solved it for him in the comments : it is also possible to simply push the apps manually onto the system partition . the safest way is probably to boot into recovery , then just mount /system as rw and adb push the . apk files to /system/app . you probably could do it from a regular boot ( not in recovery ) but it might cause some weird behavior ( and i have not personally tried this ) .
i have just had same prob trying to change get auto capitals back in text . i have found when on text input screen by pressing the cog wheel symbol bottom right of screen and you can select various setting , one is for auto capitals . it drove me mad ' til i found it , reckon i must have hit it by accident sometime . good luck hope this regains a bit of sanity , cheers .
settings > language and keyboard > samsung keypad > auto-capitalization .
are you rooted ? and if not , you need to factory reset your phone to remove it .
here is a good description , on how to do this . to cite the main facts : if your phone is not rooted if your device isn’t rooted , the only thing you can do is perform a hard reset on the device . you can normally do this under settings > privacy > factory data reset . doing this will wipe all data and settings from the device . unfortunately , if you really need to change the main google account , this is the only option unless you gain root access . if your phone is rooted navigate to the /data/system directory . tap and hold the accounts . db file , then select rename . rename the file to accounts . db . old to make a backup of the file . restart your android device . once the device restarts , open an app that requires a google account such as market , gmail or gtalk . you will be prompted to create a new account or login using an existing account . that’s all there is to it .
i believe i had a similar problem . i just bought the moto x on verizon . i linked 3 google accounts to this phone ( including my wife 's to sync our calendars . ) the phone chose my wife 's account as the primary so when i sent text messages they would be sent from my wife 's google account . solution : i went into the google+ account app , logged out of her account and then the phone asked me which one to log into . problem solved to change my primary account without factory reset .
if its on the default apps of your phone , go to google play store and download root explorer , from there , prese the buttons befote the micro sd card simbol , then locate and press app/system apps , find superuser and delete it from the internal phone .
there are a few scenarios that might explain what is going on . superuser app binaries need to be updated open your superuser app and check for any updates to the binaries . the binary is what gives that superuser app the right to grant or deny other apps superuser priviliges . if it is outdated or has been replaced by a different binary , you may need to update it to get it working again . root priviliges denied permanently for the app when an app requests superuser access , a superuser app generally prompts the user to Allow or Deny . usually , it also gives the option to follow the same action temporarily , for a set time , or permanently ( depending on the superuser app you use ) . if you deny an app root privileges permanently , it will likely cause the app to pause when asking the system for root privileges until it times out . check your superuser app to make sure titanium backup is not marked as deny . lack root you may have lost root access ( possibly during an automatic over the air update ) , which would be why the app requesting superuser rights is failing . most superuser apps display a toast or other message anytime an app requests root privileges ( along with whether that request was granted or denied ) . alternate superuser app another superuser app may have been installed to take over requests for sudo access . if you know you have root , check for other superuser apps . they usually have " super " in them , though this is not a guarantee . very slow device on my old phone , there would be times when the cpu was bogged down ( ex right after bootup ) . if i tried to open a root app , it would ask for root rights , then time out before the superuser app could process the request . this usually only happened for an app that caused a prompt to allow or deny , but it still happened on occasion with apps that had been granted access forever .
looking at this which caught my eye : sounds like a botched install of the superuser app in itself . where did you get the app from as matter of curiousity ? thing is , there is two versions of superuser apps and are not interchangeable , its either one app or the other , both mutually exclusive . one by koushik dutta and one by noshufou i would be more inclined to think that this particular one was a mix ' n ' match version . try downloading the " proper " version either on the play store .
for me , tapping menu → show more icons / show less icons ( this should be " show fewer icons " , but w/e ) does the trick usually .
are you using the stock launcher ? clearing all data from your launcher app should sort of reset your app . you can try that from settings -> applications -> ( launcher app ) and then hit the " clear data " button . you will lose your homescreen settings preferences . also , you can try using a different launcher like nova launcher or go launcher . this should solve your issue .
i solve this on the nexus 5 using tasker with autovoice plugin . once you get both installed , add a profile that reacts to the " autovoice bt pressed " event with the action for running the activity for google:voice search ( long clicking on the google search app and selecting voicesearchactivity from the activities presented .
to transfer files you can try airdroid . but it is free only when the device are on the same wifi network . access via mobile data is limited to 100 mb/month . for video streaming , you can try emit . the free version puts ads on your stream and you can stream to your phone even when not on the same network , but you will need to mess a bit with ports .
spent the last hour looking for an answer to your question , think i got a solution for you . the app " playto universal " $4.99/us and " cast2tv-pro " $2.99/us , both available from play store will stream directly to the pc from your android . they should work for your " game face cam " . good luck ! !
the screen is glass . since the release people were having issues with the screen due to the glass sometimes cracking when in tight pockets . . . this would usually not occur with plastic since plastic is a little bit more flexible . htc says broken glass means nexus one not for pocket design : solid , but not groundbreaking
i do not think that android supports external bluetooth adapters . from this google+ post it seems like cyanogenmod is adding support for it soon . depending on what device you have you may be able to root and install this . if this is not an option then you would need to provide more details on what device you are trying to use the dongle with .
there is an xposed module that does this , it is called activityforcenewtask . assuming you are rooted , install the xposed installer , install the framework from within the app , reboot , download the module , enable it , reboot again .
the best and simplest idea in the long run would be to get a wireless broadband router that also supports ethernet ( wired networking ) . your pc can still use cables and your android phone just connects to it using wi-fi . without a wi-fi router you still have a few more options that work with windows , as long as your pc has wi-fi ( which you can get using a simple usb network card that costs less than 20 usd ) . in this case you have a few options ( in order of recommendation ) : use software to turn your pc into a wifi router that shares it is internet connection . instructions are available here . setup an ad-hoc network with windows and then root your android phone to enable it to see ad-hoc networks using the instructions found here . use wi-fi direct which is a new protocol that'll work with android 4.0 and windows 8 ( not very helpful , i know ) .
from everything i have read about this topic , it is possible to do on a linux machine , but not with a windows machine . this could be because of something with adb on windows , or the usb drivers for windows . here is the info ( note that this reference was done with a nexus one ) : requirements : android 2.2 ( or an older version with a root tethering app ) adb from android sdk , or a rooted android 2.2 with terminal in root mode step 1: device : connect usb cable and activate usb tethering . you should see on linux new network interface . step 2: on linux computer , setup a bridge : usb0 is the new network intreface eth0 is the main interface connected to internet ( or a gateway ) $ sudo ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo brctl addbr br0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 eth0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 usb0 $ sudo ifconfig br0 up $ sudo dhclient br0 see network connection bridge help to setup bridges step 3: setup usb0 interface of your phone . you have to options : from your computer , execute : . /adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or in a root terminal on your phone , type : su netcfg usb0 dhcp you should now be able to connect to internet on your phone using your computer 's internet connection . try to do a ping www.google.com to be sure step 4: to shut down the reverse-tethering , first unbridge interfaces on your computer : $ sudo ifconfig eth0 down $ sudo ifconfig usb0 down $ sudo ifconfig br0 down $ sudo brctl delbr br0 $ sudo ifconfig eth0 up $ sudo dhclient eth0  then on your phone , uncheck the usb tethering option
shark/sharkreader in market ( tcpdump frontend )
i browsed a bit on android market and then i pushed another file from the zip downloaded . it is named MarketUpdater.apk . that is what updates the market to play store ! tried starting from scratch and pushed market updater too ! so it was play store right when it sat in .
you can use adb push/pull , it is command line based but working well . you can search using an adb shell .
you can find it in your app drawer . some vendor named is setup , some may named wizard . you might want to sort your installed apps in app drawer and start looking from oldest ones .
on your phone . you can install firefox if you not already have it . then open firefox and install this extension named https everywhere . it forces every site to load in https if it has https capability . it includes youtube in its list , so it may solve your problem for using youtube in https mode on your android .
google chrome application for android the google chrome application for android comes with some sync features as to allow users to keep their web-experience mirrored to other devices or desktop computers . you need to be signed in on the services screen : if you are not on the sign-in services screen , touch menu > settings > your email address to manage your sign-in options . you can adjust your sync settings from the services screen : touch sync to adjust your settings . you can either set the sync to affect all data or specify each data is intend to be synced : enable the service : use the blue slider at the top of the screen to enable or disable the service . define what is to be synced : if you do not want to sync everything , deselect the sync everything checkbox and choose the data you had like to sync . encrypt your data : touch encryption to choose whether to use your google account password or a custom passphrase to protect your data . rest the sync service : touch reset sync to remove synced data from your account . if you have forgotten your sync passphrase , use this option to reset the passphrase . note : to fully take advantage of this feature , make sure you are signed in to chrome on other devices , such as your computer or tablet . additional documentation about this can be found at google chrome support page for sync data . google web history google takes care of this for you as long as you have logged yourself into your google account on every browser and/or device you use . additionally , using history . google . com , you can manage the information stored : what i most enjoy with this is the fact that all my searches are synced between mobile , desktop and laptop , saving me precious time .
the storage limitation extracted from the official documentation provided by the w3c : web storage : editor 's draft 10 july 2012 - disk space : user agents should limit the total amount of space allowed for storage areas . . . . a mostly arbitrary limit of five megabytes per origin is recommended . implementation feedback is welcome and will be used to update this suggestion in the future . is safe to assume that developers follow the recommendations and in fact there is a limit ( five megabytes ) . do beware that everything is in flux , but i do not think this limit will change drastically . additionally , you can access http://html5test.com/ and check your browser 's support . as a personal note : i am a programmer and i have developed some apps for ios and android , that go over the 5mb limitation . all is working well , and had no complains from the client or the app users . my recommendation : try to respect the limit if possible , but i believe that those 5mb will soon be expanded . check this article that provides some tests on the offline storage limits . posted on february 24 , 2011 by garth example of an html5 offline app google currents beautiful , free , favorite publications for your phone and tablet . google currents delivers beautiful magazine-like editions to your tablet and smartphone for high speed and offline reading .
what you are referring to as html5 is not that . dom storage is not a feature of html . so lets address the questions now . does android natively have good support for fully-functional html5 offline apps ? there're several versions of android out there and thus each of the stock browsers implement a varying set of the different specifications . one way to find out if the feature that you depend on is supported is to use a website like html5 test to compare the different versions . also make sure that do not forget opera mobile and chrome users . by fully functional i mean without artificial limitations on html5 features no browser limits features artificially . at most it is not implemented . for example a limit on the size of offline storage would make many potential applications impossible . you are severely mistaken here . the limit is in the specification of dom storage . it is intentional and unlikely to change . you do not want apps taking up hundreds of megabytes of space do you ? also , please post examples of html5 offline apps that work well on android . sorry , i do not use any . without more details this is as much as i can tell you . for further reading refer to the documentation available on the mozilla developer network .
go to settings > accouts and choose skype/whatsapp > then search for each one how do you remove the sync contacts . after this your contacts list should update not showing skype/whatsapp data . as for the call using skype , you should have the option to choose phone and click use always . this is very phone dependent , so if you cannot find this options , tell us more about your phone and android version .
go to your contacts app and hit the menu key - choose ' contacts to display ' - you can choose to display contacts from a single app source or click on customized list and it is setting button to choose which app sources to show contact data from and which ones to ignore .
download stock rom from samsung firmwares link for drivers and odin drivers and odin if needed enter download mode . when getting to odin choose the firmware file ( not zip ) and insert it to pda . dont do repartition . start the flashing this should return your phone to normal stock . . however if you repartition you need to find the reparition file for the rom version ( 4.3 ) if you have problems check here i will help you about drivers : delete kies and all drivers installed via samsung download only drivers and installed them odin and kies not play well toghter
if you have access to the download mode , then nothing is lost . i suggest you not to repartition the device first , just try to get a standard rom flashing done . based on my experience odin usually fails because of driver issues ( i had plenty of problems using win 8.1 x64 , while just doing the exact same procedure on win7 worked well ) also if you had usb debugging enabled , you might catch what is the problem during the startup/bootloop using logcat . with some luck you might push the missing files to your device as well .
i tried the exact same procedure , with odin 1.84 but on w7 x86 instead of w7 x64 and it went just fine . at the first attempt , i successfully flashed my device with a stock rom . your answers are all right , and black magic or not , for my particular issue i think the answer is use odin1.84 with a 32 bit system .
you may be talking about button savior , but even if not , this app allows you to trigger click on your phone buttons : relevant features with or without root simulates : home key power key volume key camera key call key
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
if you have windows , the excellent nexus root toolkit will automate the process that was given here into a one click ' flash to stock and unroot ' plus an additional option to oem lock afterwards . of course it will unlock and root just as easily and other advanced features . you can get it at : http://www.wugfresh.com/dev/nexus-root-toolkit/
there is no way to limit the cache of browsers or apps , however you could use one of many cache cleaner apps to sweep the cache/temp files in one stroke . take a look at dolphin browser as well - it has an option to store the cache on the sd card , so that will eliminate your space problem . there is also the option of clearing the cache/history each time you exit the browser . also has sync , extensions and flash support ( depending on your device ) . btw - i do not think opera mini stores a cache as opera mobile does . opera mini does however store pages in folders specified by the user .
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
you are right that android is supposed to be integrated . well it is , but it does not happen magically , developers need to make it so . this specific app is a beta and it was last updated more than a year ago . it is a safe bet that the developer ( s ) abandoned the project . i recommend that you install the official google drive app . it does not ask for your password and it is regularly updated . applications that can use the integrated authentication system require various permissions in the " your accounts " category .
probably the easiest way is to use x-parts ( formerly known as cwm installer ) .
yes you need to unlock the bootloader to flash the factory image . yes it will void your warranty but you can lock your bootloader again and reset the tamper flag to get the warranty back no unlocking bootloader is not rooting . here is the useful link . unlocking bootloader flashing factory image
i think in the usa it should not void your warranty as it is regulated by law and the manufacturer must prove you actively damaged your phone in the the process ( which would be at least funny if you are putting a google android image on a nexus phone and following the steps google itself published , for example ) . the magnuson-moss warranty act states on title 15 of us code , chapter 15 ( consumer product warranties ) , section 2304 ( c ) that the manufacturer must prove the damage inflicted by the user to void the warranty , as explained on this video . in the european union there is an equivalent ruling on eu directive 1999/44/ce
well its possible to restore any contact present on the personal computer provided your method of backup was done using a dedicated software like samsung kies . for samsung kies follow the below steps in samsung kies it provides two kinds of restore phone only restore or complete ( sim+ phone ) . at first after installation of samsung kies3 samsung kies has currently two versions samsung kies and samsung kies 3 . samsung kies is for basic mobiles as well as smart phones with android version upto android 4.1 as yours is android 4.2 above device kies 3 is suitable for you . after installation all your backup is to be taken and stored so whenever you lose data or do a firmware upgrade you will have your data always with you safely
aha ! the trick is to enable web history . after doing so , i now see addresses for my contacts ( my " people" ) in maps when i search for them by name .
the below is from google support and it also includes ipad / iphone support for anyone that may be relevant to . search for a contact’s address google contacts see home and work addresses for friends , family and colleagues in your google contacts on the map . here 's how to find a contact 's address on the map : 1 . open the google maps app . 2 . to sign in , touch the person icon next to the search box . if your person icon is filled in , you’re already signed in . 3 . in the search box at the top , start typing a name . ` suggested contacts will appear in the search results . 4 . touch a result to see that person 's address on the map . if your account is managed by your company or another organisation , you can not currently search for contacts . as per the op finding the solution himself , you need to enable web history for this functionality to work .
based on this post from xda , fix permissions was removed . i have not seen any reason why . however , somebody made a flashable zip to put it back in .
it was removed because it is total placebo these days . i wrote it for dealing with the silly things that happen when we used to put apps on sd before android supported it . since then , it is been something of a sugar pill that magically fixes all problems without actually doing anything . ( taken from the commit history , posted by steve kondik )
evidently , the google voice app does not support conference codes or other extensions . ( at least not yet . ) to call an extended number through the google voice service , dial as though the gv app were not installed , or as if you were calling from something other than a smartphone : dial your own google voice phone number . if voicemail access is not enabled for the number you are calling from , press * to access the gv menu . enter your pin , if required . press 2 ( to tell the gv service you wish to place a call ) . enter the conference phone number , and press # . gv will connect you . proceed as normal for calling the desired number ( i.e. . , enter the extension , the conference-room number , the passcode , etc . ) . so , the contact is programmed with a number like this : 612-555-4321,[PIN,]2,800-555-1234#,,1234567890# . ( as i understand it , this is a limited application of the process flex dialer uses . ) if you have the gv app installed , then use another app like voice plus or voice choice to exclude this contact from gv . ( this is a consolation to what was originally asked for , which requested fewer exceptions to the phone 's gv dialing rules . should not be a big problem , though . ) if you have your gv number associated with a contact for yourself or your voice mail , then that is the contact that will appear in your phone 's call history . however , the " real " contact will show in your google voice call history .
in a google voice support thread , some people are indicating that ' p ' in the phone number field will add a 1 second pause . however , someone else ( in the " accepted answer" ) says that google voice does not currently support pause or wait characters . i do not think android will let you put numbers in a phone number field , but it might be worth a try . on a slightly different tack , have you tried a semi-colon instead of a comma ?
first , i am an pure android user . i have never owned an mac , so i can not comment on everything . since both use ical , some kind of sync should be possible . but i would not recommend that . imap is no problem and you lose nothing . imap is supported by android 's mail client and k-9 . you do not need gmail for contact sync . i would recommend using google contacts . android 's philosophy is much about cloud backup and restore , therefore it is a feature of android . but since google can not fore the apps to use that or even force the manufactures to enable the backupagent it is not 100% available for non-google apps/devices . but if you have root and titaniumbackup , the device can easily be saved and restored completely . no problem at all here . it should work with any modern android device . can not comment on that i think that if you buy an android device you should also use the google services ( besides gmail in you case , but that is no problem . i also do not use gmail , but everything else ) . so for 1 . 3 . and 6 that is google calendar , google contacts , google docs ( now google drive , good for notes ) and google todo . if you ok with having your data within the google cloud . but the synchronization is just awesome . you can use every google service with the google webapps ( or chrome apps ) from you mac other solutions are most likely some 3rd party tools that try to build a bridge from the google world to apple . which may or may not work , may needs to be purchased , etc . there are just to many pitfalls that impair the experience .
android has a built-in drm framework from multiple companies aligned under the open mobile alliance . your phone is bloated with : widevine drm framework microsoft dx drm framework open mobile alliance drm framework
paid apps are tied to an google account . but this is because of the google framework and not because of android . no one needs to " remove drm from android " because there is no drm within android . only support for it . if you install free ( as in beer ) apps , everyone can use them . there is only one imitative that goes one step further then being drm-less : android foss apps @ http://f-droid.org/
strictly speaking , you do not have to use google 's services if you do not want to . newer android os versions ( 2.3 and above , if i am not mistaken ) allow you to bypass the initial sign-in with a gmail/google account . you lose the synchronization with google 's services , but otherwise the phone will be functional . you can then use other services ( e . g . amazon , getjar , slideme , etc . ) or simply side-load apps directly to your device if you can get them from other sources .
there is an alternative to the aosp/cm which frees you of any closed source versions of android along with @chahk 's answer called replicant . and it incorporates f-droid into it as in , free open source software without drm . it would be quite easy to port to a device that has a known working cyanogenmod device tree for the said device in question .
i just plugged it in , did a reboot with the on/off and volume switches like turning it off , and i came to life again ! yay !
this link helped me to flash a rom image . as an additional benefit , this rom seems to be faster than micromax 's original rom and also claims to support a list of 3g dongles . the previous ( i.e. . original ) rom i had did not support reliance and bsnl 's 3g dongles . as in a settings menu the following dongles are supported ( i have not got any 3g dongle to test ) : wcdma : huawei ( e230 , e176g , e160e , 182g , e1782 , e1750 umg1691 ) , zte ( mf633bp-1 , mf633 , mf637u ) cdma2000/evdo : huawei ( e150 , ec1261 , ec122 , ec156 , ec1270 ) , zte ( ac580 , ac2736 , ac2746 ) after re flashing , i installed clockworkmod recovery as per this link as well .
i think the easier way would be with a modded stock rom . starting with a full stock rom , i would do the following : root the rom . install a custom kernel with init . d support . remove unwanted google apps . set /data to read only . you can do this with a init . d script that remounts the folder : mount -o remount,ro /data remove root . the only problem is that the user would not be able to save no data . another aproach might be to change the permisions of /data/app folders ( app-private and so ) to 644 ( 755 for directories ) and change ownership to root . that way the user will not be able to write to the apps folder , but it would be able to save information in the /data folder ( and subfolders ) . if you do not need any google apps , you can use cyanogenmod or other custom rom that does not have anything from google apps installed .
your idea of removing the store and package installer should work . to do so , delete the following apks ( and any . odex files of the same name ) from /system/app , either in your rom image or after obtaining root . defaultcontainerservice . apk - used for app installs by both the play store and packageinstaller . packageinstaller . apk - this is used to install non-market apps . vending . apk - this is the play store . phonesky . apk - this is the play store on jb and some ics builds . with those gone ( and the phone unrooted ) , it should be impossible to install anything . note : i have not tested this . making a backup before doing this would be advisable .
once you are in the contact list , go into the options . your sim contacts are probably filtered .
i was able to root my samsung galaxy discover using unlockroot . basically all you need to do is download this installer from their website and run it . however , the installer will attempt to dump a bunch of junk on your computer , so you need to be very careful . read each page of the wizard to make sure the appropriate options are selected . once installed , connect your phone via usb and make sure usb debugging is enabled . start the application and click the big green " root " button . you should receive a popup containing a button with the name of your phone . simply click the button and wait for a few moments . after the phone reboots , your phone should be rooted .
you should ensure that you dismount or " eject " the storage from your pc before turning off storage sharing from your device or disconnecting it . the pc may not flush all writes and properly close resources until you do that , leaving the device storage in a bad state . in windows , you can right-click the drive in windows explorer and choose " eject " or do the same from the safely remove hardware icon near the clock on the start bar : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-ca/windows7/safely-remove-devices-from-your-computer as i noted in chat , android has also been pretty finicky with homescreen shortcuts ( my sgs loses all shortcuts to apps on the sd card upon reboot , for example ) . it could be that you are seeing the same thing here , and the apps are not really being deleted .
you can do this with free kebab . llama it is an event monitor that can do actions when an event on the phone happend . you can configure that whenever the event " headset-connected " occours start the app musicplayer ( or any other app you want )
easiest way might be to use some headset controller like e.g. jays headset control ( there are plenty more on the playstore if this one does not work out for you -- i also had to try a few until i found the right one working smoothly with my headset ) . most of them allow you to define an app to be started as soon as the headset is connected ( in your case , that would be the media player of your choice ) . beside that , they give you the ability to control the media player via your 1-button-headset control : tap once to play/pause ( or accept a call ) , tap twice to skip forward a title ( or reject a call ) , hold the button to increase volume , and much more . edit : i see k3b and i both misunderstood your question as " start the player " , while you were talking about " start playback " . one app which can solve this is tasker ( see their website for a free trial version ) . the tasker user manual mentions in the actions section : media control send a command to a media playback application . simulate media button : when selected , any media player which listens for media button events can be controlled . without it , the only the android system media player will respond . so this should do what you want .
the best solution for you would be to use smart connect liveware™ mgr . as you can see , you can set actions to start when you plug a device ( headset , hdmi , charger , etc . ) and actions to start when you unplug the device . i have a setting to start playing music when i connect my headphones and stop playing when i remove it . there are many things you can do with this . the best part is that you can manage your music with your own music app ! simply create an event for actions to be done upon the connection pf a headphone and forget this app ! this was originally developed for sony xperia handsets . but should work with any , which has a good hardware configuration ( src ) and an os higher that ics ( which you already have ) .
some keyboards have a tab button that shows up when you are filling in a form . for example the android stock keyboard has this feature ( at least in 2.2+ ) . additionally you should not have to close the keyboard to click the next field , unless you are zoomed in very close .
depending on where you are in the world , and which carrier you are with , your phone will have a unique model . you can find your phone 's model number by going to settings > about device and it'll be around the middle of the page . north american models
via techtrickz . com : you can type *#7465625# on the phone to obtain the lock status . type the code *#7465625# or *#simlock# on the keyboard of your phone . it’ll display various lock status information of your phone . this method should work on all other samsung android handsets . they also suggest imei . info but the site seems to have limited functionality recently .
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
before updating make full backup of your data . for update using computer you just need to flash system partition using fastbootfastboot flash system system.img , where system img available at image-nakasi-jop40c.zip available inside nakasi-jop40c-factory-6aabb391.tgz , what you can download from google nexus factory images page . using scripts from tgz archive will erase your data without prompt ! dont't flash data , even as you got bootloop ( it can be , if you has applications , incompartible with new version of firmware ) .
my guess would be that the battery calibration data got lost . probably through the crash .
slowdowns like this on phones older than 1 year old are most likely a side affect of memory shortages . to check to see if this is the issue , go to the android settings and look at sd card and phone storage . the last item , " available space " should be 17 mb or more . if you are using the email app ( not gmail ) then you should check your trash folder . in mail , hit menu , then choose folders and scroll down to trash . email never empties the trash folder , even if you have deleted hundreds of messages . you will either have to delete them manually or delete and re-create the account . sometimes the browser builds up a large set of data . you can go into browser settings and hit clear cache . but there seems to be even more data associated with the browser . it is easiest to go to the overall settings , applications , manage applications , then choose the all tab and find browser and tap on it . then click on the action to clear data . this will delete your bookmarks as well so you should make note of them first . finally , you may have background tasks that are hogging the phone 's cpu time . you can get an app like advanced task killer ( free version avail . ) that will periodically kill off any apps that you do not want . for instance , the skype and backup apps on verizon phones run in background all the time but are generally not needed .
try this low-end dialer app , http://www.appstorehq.com/dialerone-android-155708/app gingerbread update has been officially available for huawei ideos now , try that !
i agree that this is a memory issue . i have had times with my previous phone in which my phone froze as soon as it turned on because of memory issues . if you have froyo or above , move as many of your big apps as you can to the sd card . if you have already done this , uninstall apps to free up memory . morris suggested 17mb . this sounds small to me , and i think the actual number depends on which version of android you have and what types of apps you use .
i had similar problem , though we cannot completely rectify this we can reduce the startup time by these approaches , contacts -> more -> check ' only contacts with phones ' , select only required groups in the bottom groups , better u can create a starred group and select it . use 3rd party contacts app like go contacts - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.jbapps.contact to view the complete list of contacts never press back button to exit the dialer , use home button to exit dialer , pressing back will kill the dialer activity you can also try go dialer or https://market.android.com/details?id=kz.mek.dialeronehl=en
you could attempt a factory reset , but like you said you do not want to wipe data . do not use task killers either they will bog your phone down a great amount . also check to see what apps are using a lot of ram . go to manage applications and view running applications .
if you have installed any call blocking apps , uninstall and see if you get an improvement . ( it worked for me . )
i experienced a similar situation with my samsung galaxy gt-i5700 ( spica ) , and i got up to a very weird solution to this : it seems that the huge number of sms was causing the mobile to further slow down ( apart from the large number of apps in the device ) . i then deleted many of the messages , and there was a significant improvement in the dialer operating speeds . i do not know whether the same thing would work for you , it is only a loophole i discovered on my mobile ( fact : samsung spica can only accomodate up to 2000 sms ) . i can only say you can give it a try ( of course , this stands true only if you have many sms stored on your device ) . i do not have answers for the other factors .
this is likely a combination of two things : a ) stuff that the dialer has to load on startup and b ) possibly shortage of memory ( ram ) created by loading those things . the biggest gains are to be had by resolving ( a ) however , this will also have the side effect of resolving ( b ) you might like to try clearing the following : call log - this is loaded each time the dialer is loaded . sms messages - some users have reported that a large number of sms messages can cause the dialer to slow down , though i am sceptical that this makes a difference . contacts - finally , the number of contacts does have a bearing . not only the ones you can see ( "my contacts" ) , but anyone you have ever emailed ( i.e. . other contacts in gmail contacts ) . the last point can be quite important . i have about 130 ' real ' contacts but nearly 1000 people i have emailed at some point while using gmail . there were all being synced to my phone , just not always shown . it is important to make the distinction between ram and persistent storage . for example , clearing out your trash , deleting emails , uninstalling unused apps , or moving them to sd storage is unlikely to help , because these are using up persistent storage , not transient ram . having lots of persistence storage free means just that apps can not use it to run any faster . ram , however , can make them fly . you might also like to take a look at superdial and dialer one , two dialers that i have found most agreeable . they also have t9 contact lookup , which can be a dream to use .
no , there is not any such facilities yet .
i ran across this by accident , but it is exactly what i was after ! hope it helps others . https://market.android.com/account and the orders tab
there are several ways to achieve root access on an android device -- and they differ a lot , depending on manufacturer , device , android version , and even linux kernel version running . unfortunately , devices do not ship with " root " accounts ( as we are used to from our desktops and laptops ) -- but there is no common way to " root " them . rooting is mostly done via exploits . some require adb installed and an usb-session established . others do not require adb . and again others ship as a single .apk to be copied to the device and started there ( so-called " one click root" ) . and again another method might involve a custom recovery being flashed . . . so many methods . but to explain them all in detail , this is not the right place -- while your question should be answered already , as it required only a " yes " or " no " : )
perhaps you should attempt to re-calibrate your battery . google android battery calibration and have read . there are a number of sites that describe the process and even some apps that claim to do it ( i have not tried any , so i can not vouch for them ) .
if you are rooted you can use battery caliberation app to recaliberate your battery . it will reset your battery status .
have you tried plugging it in , letting it charge a bit , then unplugging it ? that ought to reset the battery statistics .
samfirmware . com or xda are your best bets . if you need instructions for flashing with odin or recovery , we have lots of questions on that so just do a search : )
you can do a recovery of firmware using samsung kies software .
you can flash rom using odin and you can download the stock rom zip from samsung firmware or you can download any custom rom zip ( if rooted ) and flash it using odin .
as those ports are closed on your router , there is no " on-phone solution " , only " on-router solutions " . you will have to open those ports on the router , use a different wifi ap , or switch to your mobile data connection . if you want to go for the " open ports on router " solution , this is beyond the scope of our site . but you are certainly welcome with that question on super user , which ( amongst others ) covers personal and home computer networking according to their help center .
there are several versions uploaded to the play store . i cannot personally attest to the safety or nature of them , but they generally all claim to be " pulled from the sdk " or similar . one exception is that i do recall trying the one named " android 2.3 launcher ( home ) " briefly in the past and it worked fine and was not doing anything shady ( it is review average is ~4.2 stars at the moment ) .
for my linux distribution ( fedora 20 ) it is quite simple : [ pc ] run pulseaudio . ( runs automatically on fedora ) [ pc ] load module bluetooth-discovery . ( it is auto-loaded on fedora ) [ pc , android ] pair with android-phone via bluetooth . [ android ] in device 's options set the profile " use for media audio " . [ pc ] connect to the phone . [ android ] play music . ( i use google play music - it works ) [ pc ] the phone 's stream is detected as an input source - in case , you want to mute or amplify it . caveats the only problem is the step 5 . i can not connect to pc from my phone - i think , it is a linux problem - and it is another question for another forum .
you could use go keyboard app , instead of the stock keypad . it has an advanced setting which allows you to pick from the following styles : : ) :- ) :^ ) :o ) go sms pro app is even better . it lets you display emoticons as cute images , but it is good only if the other user also has go sms pro .
first go to type a text , then tap the ? 123 key then press the 1/3 key twice and you will be shown a page full of emotions . alternatively , you can download another sms app such as handcent .
an alternative keyboard like smart keyboard has similar support . it also allows a user to customise which smileys are shown and to edit them . a user can also specify whether they prefer an enter key or a smiley key to be shown . long-pressing shows a pop-up with smileys . note that these are punctuation marks and not images . if the user 's sms app can convert these punctuation marks into graphical image smileys , then the recipient will see those , else he/she will see the text characters .
depending on the keyboard you are using , the sms emoticons will show up in the bottom right ( where the enter key usually is ) . if you long press on the key , you will get a pop-up of other emoticons you can use . using : ) is the same as :- ) so they wont show that one . you can send any emoticon you want , but if who you send it to does not " change it " to an image , they will only see the normal "8- ) " version .
that feature does not exist , the only thing i could suggest is to submit a feature request on the android issues tracker .
i suspect that the ' battery saving software ' might have caused the issues . did you experience these issues before installing the app ? there is a couple of ways which might help restore original settings : a factory reset might set it right . alternatively if you have a backup of your original firmware you might want to try reflashing your phone after backing up all data . ps : the name of the app you were using might help out .
important : sync your old google account data between your phone and google before starting with the following instructions . you should log in to your old google account , and then go to google takeout , where there are tools to export your account information to an archive ( and even you will be able to transfer all your google+ circles to your new account ) . to move contacts and other info from the old account to the new one , follow the instructions from this article . also you can go to data tools settings page , where you will find how to delete your old account , in the section account management . good luck .
an s-boot clip can restore your phone in download mode .
i appear to now have some kind of download mode , though it is not the samsung one - i just flashed a new rom . going to close this either way , as i do not think there is a simple solution other than sending it back .
there is a website called htconeroot . com i guess you can find instructions there ( videos at the right side , scroll down )
you most likely forgot to restore the " hidden folders " . apps moved to sdcard are placed into a hidden folder called .android_secure . check whether you can find that anywhere , and then restore it as well to its original location . after that ( and another reboot ) , your apps should be back .
htc sense widgets do indeed only work with the sense homescreen . there are knock-offs , but these are usually pulled off the market by htc very quickly . beautiful widgets comes quite close though .
as far as i know , this should in no affect your app 's rating . this is something i do myself constantly with testing of my own apps . the only thing that will ultimately affect your rating are the number of stars your users give you . yes , you can rate your own app , but you can only do it once . uninstalling/re-installing should not change your own rating to your own app either .
can you please try the following steps : make sure that admin user have your phone number in your address book . ensure that admin user is using whatsapp messenger . make sure that admin user have the latest version of whatsapp . in admin users android phone book , make sure that all contact accounts ( i.e. . sim , google , phone ) are " visible " or " viewable " . in your android phone book , ensure that all contact groups ( i.e. . friends , family ) are " visible " or " viewable " . you can make your contacts " not visible " and then " visible " to force a refresh . after doing this launch whatsapp > > menu button > refresh . alternatively , you can use all your contacts , not just the " visible " ones . to do this go to menu button > settings > contacts > show all contacts .
ask your group admin to create a new group and add you . this is the only solution . as i did with one of my friends who had the same problem . i am the admin of the group and he is visible to me and them . but when i try to delete him it is not possible . so we created a new group and added him again .
repair via sus . install sus connect your phone select your phone from sus follow the instruction
try reflashing your custom rom and clear dalvik and cache and do a factory reset after that . and make sure you are flashing a rom compatible to your device .
i will try to answer my own question here . the short answer is : get a rom that just works ! ( no , not a room , a rom ! get a rom ! ) here is the same screenshot image of the SD &amp; phone storage menu , this time with a rom called supernova . you can find an installation guide here . as you can see from the image i now have 1.86 gb of internal storage space . no additional apps have been installed yet , except for some apps that came with the rom , and the stock htc apps that came with the phone . how-to you will need root and s-off before you continue . it is also possible to install this rom with s-on , but it will require some additional steps , for more details see the developers website . you will also need a custom recovery like clock work mod ( cwm ) or 4ext recovery . the latter is recommended . you will also need to flash stock hboot , if you do not have that already . you will find the stock hboot on alpharev website . go to the download page of developers website . download " supernova 2.4.0.1 extreme rom " . you will see at least three mirror download links . here 's one direct link to dev-host . power off the phone . enter hboot on the phone . enter recovery ( i used 4ext touch recovery ) . format and partition the sd card with one ext4 partition and one fat32 . power off the phone and take out the sd card . mount your sd card to the computer . copy the supernova_2.4.0.1_signed . zip file to the sd card . put the sd card in the phone . enter recovery and choose " update from zip " . select the file above . this will now flash the new rom . reboot the phone . first boot will take longer time than usual . when you get to the setup wizard , skip setting up a google account . reboot the phone . you will see a blue led go and off . this means data2sd is loaded and working . now you can setup your google account and wi-fi , and what not . remember , complete installation instructions can be found here . that web page can be overwhelming , especially for newbies , which is why i tried to put it in a more condensed form here . if you run into the " download was unsuccessful please try again " message when downloading apps , this means that the app you are trying to download is too big and the android market cache is too small . this problem is covered in the faq at developers website , it is question 28 . the suggested workaround involves using scriptmanager app and a script , and this must be done every time you reboot . but i have found that installing the latest version of play store ( replacement for android market ) manually solves the problem permanently . here 's a short how-to on that too . download the apk file for play store . connect the phone to the computer . if prompted , choose to mount as disk drive . copy the apk file to the sd card . disconnect the phone . go to menu , settings , applications , and enable unknown sources . start a file manager app ( i used es file explorer , but astro is good too ) . browse to the file ( /mnt/sdcard/ ) and tap it to open . you will be prompted if you want to replace a system app . tap ok to continue .
according to this review pocket-lint : kingston wi-drive review : you are also able to access the files on the wi-drive on a pc or mac by visiting it is ip address in your web browser . this , again , allows you to play any files that are supported in your web browser . mp3s , for example , play fine , but you might struggle more with video files . you can also connect to the kingston as a regular network drive . we were able to view it as if it was any network attached storage device . that means we could also copy files over wirelessly too . this suggests that , the kingston at least , supports something like smb ( the windows file-sharing protocol ) . many android apps let you connect to an smb shared drive to copy files on or off , i use file manager to copy files from my windows machines to my phone/tablet this way , and i am pretty sure astro supports it too . to do this from your app , you just need to include smb file access support in your andoird app . how to do that is off-topic for this site , as that is a developer question .
well , " insufficient memory " sounds like you are having problem with your memory ( ram ) , not your storage space . diskusage is a very good tool , but it only checks disk space and not your memory ( ram ) usage . i just checked out the specs on your phone , and you have 512mb memory ( ram ) . that is 1/6 of what i have got on my phone , samsung galaxy note 3 with 3000mb memory ( ram ) . i know it can be confusing with the terms when reviewers and everyone use memory , sdcard , storage and ram very loosely . i use the same terms people use on computers . my chrome application is currently using 91mb of storagespace as " data " . i believe that chrome is just storing pictures and tempfiles for the open webpages in data , along with your settings , passwords and so on . you can at any time go into the settings on your android menu , choose " applications " , find " chrome " and delete data . your chome application will then act like you just installed it . you can try to see if this helps . and it might help for some time . i think the main problem is that you do not have enough memory ( ram ) on your device , and running a almost new os ( 4.1.2 ) . if you compare your phone with my previous phone , samsung galaxy s2 as it was released in 2011 and has twice as much memory ( 1000mb ram ) as your phone . this phone came with android 2.3 . which does not require as much as newer versions . i looked up on your os , android 4.1 . x , and the minimum requirements are as following : 7.6.1 . minimum memory and storage " device implementations must have at least 340mb of memory available to the kernel and userspace . the 340mb must be in addition to any memory dedicated to hardware components such as radio , video , and so on that is not under the kernel 's control . " source : http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/source.android.com/no//compatibility/4.1/android-4.1-cdd.pdf this will not give you much left to other applications . well , i think that chrome also have a share of the blame , as this is no lightweight browser . to solve the problem then i would first try to set for another browser that is lighter . i would , for example , try " opera browser " , which is designed to use as little data traffic as possible and to run on slow phones . the browser also has a feature that allows when you are phone is asking for a webpage , it will fetch the entire page onto opera 's servers and compress images before the webpage is sent to your phone . this means that the images are not displayed in full quality , but since the screen of a cell phone much smaller than on a pc , its just as well . since the images is compressed , and use less data traffic , it will also use less space on the cellphone 's storage-temp-space . hopefully , this will solve your " insufficient memory " problem . i hope this helps : )
it turns out that all of the data chrome stores is actually the internet cache . if you look at the desktop counterpart of chrome it regularly stores ~100+ mb of internet cache . i have done some experiments : i have cleared the cache and ran chrome without browsing to any sites : just started it it did not grow very big ~5mb or less . but when i did browse to sites got big very fast . i have a nexus 7 v1 and a zte 665c and both replicated the same results . this is typical of google chrome and the internet cache . what i would recommend to you is getting a better storage medium if you can . if not then i would recommend to browse in private mode because it keeps the internet cache to a minimum . here is some interesting facts on what is deleted . i know that is for the desktop version but most of it applies to the mobile version . https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95582?hl=en and as Dan Hulme said it also stores this data : it also contains : resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb . to wrap it all up the main offender is the internet cache . the websites that you visit also give you extra files as stated above and last but not liest are the settings . the give you only a few kbs but it all adds up ! have a great day !
it contains:- resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb .
you can find the source for this app in the gallery2 package in aosp . all the code for the photo editor is in src/com/android/gallery3d/filtershow . the saving is handled by tools/ImageSave.java , which has this comment explaining the behaviour ( which i have formatted ) :- in order to support the new edit-save behavior such that user will not see the edited image together with the original image , we are adding a new auxiliary directory for the edited image . basically , the original image will be hidden in that directory after edit and user will see the edited image only . note that deletion on the edited image will also cause the deletion of the original image under auxiliary directory . there are several situations we need to consider : user edit local image local01.jpg . a local02.jpg will be created in the same directory , and original image will be moved to auxiliary directory as ./.aux/local02.jpg . if user edit the local02.jpg , local03.jpg will be created in the local directory and ./.aux/local02.jpg will be renamed to ./.aux/local03.jpg user edit remote image remote01.jpg from picassa or other server . remoteSavedLocal01.jpg will be saved under proper local directory . in remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , there will be a reference pointing to the remote01.jpg . there will be no local copy of remote01.jpg . if user edit remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , then a new remoteSavedLocal02.jpg will be generated and still pointing to the remote01.jpg user delete any local image local.jpg . since the filenames are kept consistent in auxiliary directory , every time a local.jpg get deleted , the files in auxiliary directory whose names starting with " local." will be deleted . this pattern will facilitate the multiple images deletion in the auxiliary directory . in short : yes , it saves edited images in a .aux directory , inside the directory the image came from . it also stores the filter chain you used to create the image in xmp metadata inside the new image ( the filtered one ) , in the namespace http://ns.google.com/photos/1.0/filter/ . this information consists of : SourceFileUri: the uri where it has saved the unmodified file filterstack: a serialized representation of the stack of filters it used ( in the same format it saves presets to its private database )
that is not a bad idea at all . i have verizon wireless and i do this all the time . that is what tethering is for , and the usb option as well . 4g is fast , and for what it is worth , based on what you have said , it seems like a fantastic idea . to answer your second question and forward , no - - your phone would not fry , providing you got a phone with good specs . as far as i am concerned , they have been more reliable than regular average routers . it is lte after all , so it is not a surprise . can not speak about the throttle , that depends on t-mobile and their terms . i think they do throttle , but it is not a huge difference . i would recommend talking to someone from t-mobile and asking them what device has best specs and battery power . also , you can get a data monitor to monitor all traffic and block / allow certain connections via incoming addresses or devices . those apps are available on google play so let me know if you need them . i have a family member who uses t-mobile tethering amongst six devices at home , two of which are a ps3 which plays netflix and it is not slow at all . randomly given of course , every server has ups and downs .
your device 's interface will rotate whether the app you are using was designed to ( e . g . modern combat , dead trigger , browsers , etc ) , apps that were not to intended to change between portrait or landscape will not rotate the interface of your device ( e . g realcalc , instagram , etc ) .
fixed by downgrading to " ginger bread " , re-calibrate horizontal accelerometer and then re-update to jelly bean
have you tried downloading a new language ? go to swype 's settings in Language and input ( or keyboard settings ) . then , go to Languages &gt; Download languages . you should see Francais (AZERTY) .
this is as close to an answer as i can find at the moment . looking at the site for the ( soon to be launched ) google play for education site , one of the benefits that they mention is : for educators android tablets in the classroom google play for education brings the innovation of android technology into classrooms . educators can set up and deploy large numbers of devices in just minutes or hours rather than days . . . . over-the-air delivery to student devices after finding apps they want to use , educators can push them instantly to student devices over the air . they can send the apps to individuals or groups of any size , across classrooms , schools , or even districts . ( my emphasis , from http://developer.android.com/distribute/googleplay/edu/about.html ) which sounds promising , but if you go to the sign up/school interest page it has this interesting bit of wording on the form : which suggests that there is a limit somewhere around the 30 device number . which would match up with what you are seeing . as i can not find anything else official mentioning this limit , i can not find any official advice for getting round the limit either , sorry .
the google play for education store is creating content optimised for nexus 7 tablets . i would be amazed if this is not available for the older tablets . i have seen no dates yet for when the store will be available , but google have an event in november and suspect it may be then ( as the service was advertised for autumn ) . however , they are only soliciting interest from american schools , so it may not be initially available in the uk . in the meantime i would suggest maybe looking at tabpilot which will allow you to achieve what you are after as well as a lot of other useful functionality .
all i can see are lower case letters . it might be a bug with your samsung keyboard software . you could try updating your os if it is the case or you could try other apps for writing like swiftkey for example .
you can not terminate wininit . if their installer is trying to do so then it is broken , or trying to install a rootkit by replacing system files in use by wininit . normally you should have an option to ignore the warning and it will simply need a reboot after the install ( though given that it is warning about a system process , i would not trust it as far as i could throw it ) . did you get the installer from sony 's official site ?
did you see the source or file location of wininit.exe and java.exe it occurs to me that these files are virus files and you need to run some antivirus scan . the problem is these viruses use a regular windows process name and will be in another directory to cause confusion . running malwarebytes may help . one more thing if you find wininit.exe or java.exe in other than System32 folder you can delete it . source : youtube video the best thing you can do for updation is trying in another virus free pc or removing the virus in your pc
tablet idle makes up the battery usage that is not tied to a specific app or function . the less you actually turn the tablet on , the higher tablet idle will be . your battery usage stats are a percentage of a percentage . think about this . if your tablet battery is at 50% and tablet idle is 34% , this means that 34% of 50% of your battery was used by the tablet sitting idle and just remaining powered on . so this would equate to 17% of your battery actually being used by the tablet sitting idle . now let 's change this example . now your battery is at 90% , but tablet idle is showing 65% . this means that only 6.5% of the 10% used was used on tablet idle . tablet idle should never be something to worry about . if it is high , that means it was not actively used much and if it is low , it was used a lot . it really is just a space filler that is comprised of everything that is not attributable to a specific app or function of the tablet ( aka everything else in the battery stats list ) . if it is draining a lot more than usual in idle , it is not tablet idle doing it . it would be the usual suspects . an app or the battery itself .
your friend is teasing you . my guess : he has got imei from your device and said that he has got that from wi-fi . wi-fi adapters do not broadcast imei number . if he is still saying it confidently , just ask him the app name and tell me . i will investigate . update : i was expecting app name here in comment of the answer . you have put that in question which did not ping me . anyway , now i would ask you to show screenshot . fing does not show imei no . ( even if wi-fi adapter is broadcasting it ) . its available for android too . you can try .
your friend was pulling your leg . fing on idevices is for network analysis . you cannot get an imei number via wifi . he was more than likely showing you your mac address of the wifi adapter built into the phone . an imei is located under the battery on your phone and is usually a 15 digit number . its used to authenticate the phone with your cell phone provider . its not an easy task to clone it , if possible at all . a mac address is a hardware address for network adapters , its 12 digits in hex , and usually separated with a colon ever 2 digits ( eg . 00:01:4f:6d:e9:a1 ) a full description of fing is available here : http://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/fing-network-scanner/id430921107?mt=8 it states nothing about imei , only mac .
i do not know how one would garnish the imei information over wifi but what i would suggest is ask your friend what application they were using and then try to find an android version of it . the developer that makes the ios application might make an android one , too .
i have seen this myself on an old phone i had . my newer phone does not do this . however , i avoid using usb at all as my external storage is used a lot . you could try installing an ssh server if you feel brave enough . done correctly it will be secure and you can copy everything over wifi without interrupting any of the mounts . i recommend sshfs for linux or winscp for windows .
it does not know it is different - the scanning process is how it actually checks that . i have to say on all the android devices i have come across ( sony ericsson xperia x10i , htc explorer , samsung galaxy tab , htc desire , htc desire s , t-mobile rapport , acer e210 - all with either stock rom or the t-mobile uk one ) this process is automatic - provided you use the handset to " turn off usb storage " and do not just yank the usb cable . as it is been used in usb mass storage mode potentially any , all , or no files on the card could have been changed . for my alarms and notifications i have created some lower quality ogg files ( e . g . making sure they are mono and at low bit rate ) and added those to internal storage so they are always available while using the minimal amount of storage space on the internal memory of the device . the rescanning does annoy me a bit though as i listen to music on my handset , so i tend to use swiftp ( in the android market ) which runs an ftp server on my phone - this means i can transfer files to/from my handset without having to unmount and mount the storage card and wait ten minutes while it performs a rescan . for most purposes this is fast enough .
this may not be what you are looking for ( i can not find any options for epst in this menu ) but give ##7764726 a try . the password is 000000 ( six zeros ) and it should bring up a menu with 9 different options . maybe what you want is in there somewhere . i know that using option 4 and setting evrc-b will make your call quality better . normally it is set to evrc .
this atrticle and others around the same time suggest that the hardware in the droid is only capable of supporting ad-hoc mode .
i believe that unless you are running a different rom ( like cm6 , etc . ) then it is not available . pretty sure stock rom ( rooted or not ) did not make this available ( even though the non-stock roms had it working . love how vzw said it would not work when it obviously does .
google maps is known for situations like this for years . it does not happen all the time and on all devices simultaneously with all versions of maps , but comes often enough . for me , the decision was to disable/freeze google maps , and use other map apps ( locus map , oruxmaps ) instead . but let 's go into details how an app ( in your case google maps ) can be " put on ice": on a rooted device a rooted device gives you the most alternatives . say you want to use the app from time to time , you could use the following approach : dynamic freeze convert google maps from system-app to user-app . this can be done e.g. with titanium backup – and is of course not necessary if maps did not ship with your device ( but was explicitly installed by yourself , which already makes it a " user-app" ) greenify maps . this way the app is kept from running unless you explicitly start it . you could think of this as a " dynamic freeze " static freeze if you do not need the app anyway , and rather use another replacement , you can freeze it permanently . a freeze marks an app as being " unavailable " , so it can no longer be started . there are multiple apps which can handle this , as e.g. before mentioned titanium backup or app quarantine . using titanium backup would give you an advantage here : tibu let 's you place a shortcut on your homescreen to freeze/unfreeze-start an app , basically emulating the " dynamic freeze " described above . no need to convert the app into an user-app for this . disabling auto-start on certain events many apps register so-called " broadcast receivers " to be notified on system events they are interested in . the best known certainly is boot_completed for apps that want to become active right after the device has booted up – but there are a lot more . examples include the change of network status ( true for our google maps candidate ) , battery-low , or the sdcard being mounted . on a rooted device , you can disable those " listeners " with so-called " autostart managers " . one of the best is autorun manager in its pro-version . if using those , take care to not disable too much , as that might render an app unusable . without root without root , i know of only one way to achieve something comparable : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( here : google maps ) , and tap its entry if you do not see a " disable " button , but " uninstall updates " instead , it is a system app . tap " uninstall updates " , then " force stop " . tap the " disable " button now the app is de-activated , and should no longer run . i explicitly made " should " in italics , as to my experience often this is only a partial working solution : though the app is removed from the drawer , it seems it is still not completely out-of-reach for certain frameworks . pros and cons disable : only available solution if your device is not rooted . pro : does not require root cons : app not always completely disabled no dynamics requires multiple " taps " requires to always uninstall updates first ( if there are any ) not applyable to all apps ( manufacturer/carrier can " lock " apps against this ) static freeze : pros : works on all apps partly dynamic ( using tibu and its " shortcuts " on your homescreen ) con : requires root dynamic freeze : pros : dynamic app icons remain in the drawer/on your home screens ( so from the user 's perspective , handling remains unchanged ) cons : requires root does not work on system apps ( though there are " experimental features " for this afaik ) .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
are you capable of receiving new sms ? do new sms messages pop up ? if you are using the default or stock messaging app , try installing another app like handcent or gosms and see if the same behaviour is repeated . else , try clearing all the messages stored and see . within the default messaging app , there is an option to specify the message centre number - you need to verify that the number entered is what your service provider has assigned . if that does not result in any improvement , see if a factory reset will help . beware that a factory reset will erase all user data .
is your internal storage full ? usually you will not receive any message when your internal memory is getting full , but it could potentially be your problem .
you can now search and install apps from the android market website . it apparently launched today and people ( myself included ) are having trouble loggin in but i am sure they will clear it up soon . now you can search apps , filter by free vs paid and sort by relevance or popularity . there is also a button on each listing for " install " which will probably be like appbrain 's service that causes the app to automatically download on you phone ( when you are able to actually login ) . when you visit http://market.android.com/ on your phone , you actually see the site but if you click on any apps or search you are redirected to the market app .
when google 's vice president of engineering vic gundotra announced froyo in his keynote for google i/o 2010 last may , he showed that they are working on a new website where we will be able to search , browse , and install apps directly from the website . however up to this day ( january 2011 ) , no more words has been heard of that website ever since . note that everything in this paragraph is speculative : my guess is that they are holding back the website to launch with honeycomb or probably for google i/o 2011 ( or they may be going to announce honeycomb on google i/o 2011 ( edit : no , they just given peek preview of honeycomb 's tablet feature at ces 2011 , they have not released any honeycomb device yet though ( edit2: honeycomb is now released ) ) . also , it is possible that web install will only be for android 2.2 and above due to c2dm requirement , though google might have other solutions . another possibility is they are scraping the site , and are now wishing for everyone to forget what they were saying in front of thousands of audience and practically eternal youtube audiences . but keep in mind that it is really up to google 's strategic , on how and when they will launch the new site . ( edit3: android web market have been released for some time now at https://market.android.com/ ) for now , though , appbrain and androidzoom provide similar functionalities .
androidzoom is another site , similar to appbrain .
try pvstar+ . not the easiest ui , but it'll let you play ( really just listen to ) youtube videos and a number of other sources , too , in the background .
if you are looking for details on a given imei , you might want to check with a post at xda-developers : here you can find out what the imei can tell you : the first two numbers is rbi ( reporting body identifier ) = who registered that type of phone ( verify here ) the next four numbers is tac ( type allocation code ) = what type of unit and its complete specifications the next two numbers is fac ( final assembly code ) = who manufacture it the next six numbers is the serial number of the phone the last number is sort of a check sum , that verifies the previous numbers combined a total of 15 numbers is used by your network to get the complete information about your phone that is used against their database of blacklisted phones and final approval to connect to their network , if they were inaccurate or had complaints ( like being stolen , not paid telecoms dues etc ) it will be rejected and blocked immediately from connecting to that network you can verify all this by entering you imei here and here and also here to check if it is blacklisted ( emphasis mine ) to find out the imei of a phone , simply dial *#06# .
is it possible to track what personal information an app is unloading ? in general , the answer is no . sniffing the precise data the the software is uploading - either through installing some specific software on a rooted device , or by sniffing the traffic elsewhere between the device and the internet ( e . g . on your wireless router ) - is a very good idea and will help you understand what the application is doing , but unfortunately the actual information might be mangled in some form or even encrypted , in a way which will prevent you from really knowing what the application is sending . actually , it is a known security problem - for instance take a look at this academic paper , which proposes a way to track how your personal data is used during the application execution ; though its proposed approach does have some limitations and can be circumvented by other tricks . my personal rule of thumb is to avoid applications which require both internet access and access to private data , unless i have a high level of trust in the author .
sniffing the network traffic would require root for the app that does the sniffing part . this can easily be done with " shark for root " . but you will not get any end-user friendly information , just the raw packet data that is been send and received from your phone . that information needs to be matched to a particular app and action ( e . g . app xy is uploading photo file x123.jpg ) . generally you do not want an app to be able to read and log another apps network traffic for security and privacy reasons . that is why you need root for that . even if you could read and log the packets from other apps , it is easy to disguise the malicious data as something normal . it is not so easy to reveal that . side note : if you do not trust an app which has network access , do not install it . if you really need the app and you know that it works also without internet although the app requests permission to use it , some custom mods will allow you to block internet access without the app knowing .
you can run tcpdump on the background ( compiled for android processor of course ) in a shell , save the captured file and analyze later with wireshark on your pc . that solution will not tell you what application sent the data , but enables you to examine what your phone sends and where . the great benefit is tcpdump under normal situations does not consume many resources , so you will not experience any lag on your phone .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
you basically answered the question . a widget is a ' view ' on an application that will update and can be embedded in apps like the home screen . a ' program ' in the home screen sense is a static link to an full-screen application startup . see the first para of the android developer docs for more details about what a widget is : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/appwidgets/index.html
generally , phone manufacturers will not allow you to downgrade for various reasons . the stock recovery does indeed validate the update image , so that it is of a greater ( or same ) version than the installed system . with the nexus one being a developer phone , you can unlock the bootloader and replace the recovery image with the one that does not perform this check , and will allow installation of any image . the caveat is that unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty with the carrier ( and sometimes the manufacturer too , ) and wipes all user data off the device . unlocking the n1 is dead easy . just install android sdk and the usb drivers ( located in " google-usb_driver " directory . ) then restart the phone in bootloader mode by shutting it off and powering on while holding down the trackball , hook it up to the computer via usb , and in command prompt issue the following command : C:\&lt;path to Android SDK&gt;\platform-tools\fastboot oem unlock . you will be presented with a confirmation screen with further instructions . upon successful unlock , you can flash a custom recovery that will allow you to install any custom rom , including downgrade to 2.2 . x stock version of android os . to flash clockworkmod recovery , download the latest version for nexus one from here , reboot into bootloader mode ( power on while holding the trackball down , ) and in command prompt issue command C:\&lt;path to ANdroid SDK&gt;\platform-tools\fastboot flash recovery C:\&lt;path to downloaded img&gt;\recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-passion.img reboot to bootloader mode again , and then use the volume keys to highlight the " recovery " option and press power button . you are now in clockworkmod recovery , and can flash any custom roms via the " install zip from sdcard " option . here is a " stock " 2.2.2 rom ( with root ) off xda-developers forum .
the sony liveview may fit the bill .
letters do not show to save space . . . but if you slide your finger slowly you will find all the letters showing in the middle of the screen
this was a problem on early galaxy s roms too , but it got fixed in the later updates . on the i5500 the low display resolution could prevent from ever showing all the letters . my advice would be to check for firmware updates from kies , or try a custom rom .
i had a problem where my samsung s3 mini ( jelly bean 4.1.2 ) worked 100% on my wi-fi router but failed to connect to the internet with my wi-fi repeater - stuck on " obtaining ip address . . . " message . i have now set a static ip and it works 100% on both the router and the repeater . if you need multiple static ip options then check out " wi-fi static " application . i found the answer courtesy of motorola , and repeat it below , at https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod_answer_detail/a_id/68989/p/7901,8013 , to setup a static ip address on your motorola xoom , follow the steps below :
you can set ip with ifconfig and gateway with route when you are rooted . i used it to change the tcp buffer .
save the following in one of the init scripts in the rom ifconfig eth0 192.168.1.100 netmask 255.255.255.0 route add default gw 192.168.1.1 dev eth0 setprop net.dns1 192.168.1.1 ip addr show ip route show  where eth0 in this case , is an ethernet adapter attached via usb .
are you willing to consider changing your default music player ? if so , doubletwist is a great itunes-like desktop/android app that allows you to sync and play everything all in one place . best part is that it is free ( everything but their wireless airsync ) .
the beyondpod podcast player will download new podcasts directly to your device , on a schedule . for example , i have it run every morning to look for new podcasts . and , it can be configured to " share podcasts " with the default android music player . i have never used the share-with-default-player feature , so i can not really comment on how well that works in practice . but the basic podcast management and download features have all worked nicely for me .
this solution worked : $ cd 1.0-GRI40-nexusone-superboot $ ./fastboot-linux flash:raw boot boot.superboot.img  i have found the necessary info on http://www.gotontheinter.net/content/fastboot-cheat-sheet
i do not have an htc desire - but on my htc evo in the sound settings there is an option to turn on " haptic feedback " . ( settings , sound , under ' feedback ' - i am guessing since they are both htc they will be similar ) its says : vibrate when pressing soft keys and certain ui interactions edit : emphasis mine if this is the setting that you have enabled then i think the functionality you are describing is correct since my phone only vibrates on soft keys and certain things like moving icons or widgets on the home screen . clicking icons does not vibrate .
as long as the phone has a vibrator ( and you mention it does ) , then it should work , unless htc modified their flavour of the android software . go to ' settings'-> ' language and keyboard ' -> your keyboard ( often ' android keyboard ' or ' touch input' ) -> enable ' vibrate when typing ' ( in case of ' touch input ' this is in a ' text input ' submenu ) . the real ' vibrate ' ( on call ) function as you know it from your old feature phone is at ' settings ' -> ' sound ' -> ' vibrate ' .
this menu button is a backwards compatibility feature . it is displayed on all apps that say they are designed for a version of android from when android devices had physical menu buttons . ( that is froyo or earlier . ) the android system can not tell whether such an app needs the menu button or not , so it has to display it to make sure the app is usable on newer devices without the hard button . if the button annoys you , contact the author of the app and ask them to update their " target version " . they can do this and still be compatible with older versions of android .
i had the same problem . the menu would not respond in gallery , setting , and some other applications . the restart did not work . i tried closing all the application by double-tapping the home button and then reopen them again plus using ' clean master ' app . this seems to work ( sometimes ) tho . do not really know why , but for me it helps .
this probably depends on . if you just " recharge " within your rental window , the file is still on the device , and you probably do not have to download it again . however , once the rental period is expired , the google play movies and tv app will delete the file on its next execution ( see this thread on the droidrzr forum ) , as it has " expired " . without this purge function , you could run out of space whith useless files occupying your disk , so i would consider this normal behaviour . this means : re-rental after the rental window has expired will most likely make a re-download necessary -- while when still within your rental video , the app should simply keep the file ( at least theoretically -- not sure whether the expiration date is somehow coded into the file name ) .
al 's right , you can not change the sync frequency for facebook beyond what they provide . edit : the below only applies to the regular facebook app . but also , all that facebook syncs is your contacts ( and possibly events to the calendar ) . it does not sync news feed items or notifications , those are only loaded when you actually open the app . so unless your facebook friends list changes more often than every hour , syncing more often would be useless .
you can view android 's supported media formats here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h . 264 video and aacv2 audio , for the best quality . the dimensions depend on the dimensions of your phone -- in your case , 320x240 . it is not the most powerful phone so you may want to experiment with the quality to get it playable but also looking good .
you should be able to download the latest supersu from chainfire and push it to your sd card and reboot into recovery mode -> install zip from sd -> select supersu . zip and it should install the su binaries . you should be good from there .
sugarsync is my photo syncing/cloud storage app of choice , and it provides such an option . once installed , go into the app 's settings and check the box labelled " external power only " to restrict the auto sync to only run when the device is plugged in .
google+ instant upload offers a setting to allow uploads only when the charger is connected . facebook 's instant photo upload does not offer such an option . the gallery is linked to your google account and thus to picasaweb . however , there is no option within the gallery app to restrict data transfer only when the charger is connected . carbonite recently started offering a mobile app , and that includes backing up photos and videos . it offers an option to use battery or not for when uploading . so google+ or carbonite mobile are your choices . ( at least from the photo auto-upload services i am aware of . )
ok , i fixed it ! the problem was apparently the version of the flac files . the bad files had version 1.1.1 , the good ones had 1.2.1 . so i used foobar the convert the bad files to version 1.2.1 , replaced the bad files on the sd card and then their artist showed correctly !
i had similar problem at first . try this : uninstall the driver ( ADB Driver ) manually from Device Manager . unplug the device . plug it so that windows automatically tries to find it . must work .
did you unlock the screen ? this also happened to me on my nexus 4 when i did not unlock the screen .
enable usb debugging : go to phone settings -> about -> tap build number repeatedly until developer menu is enabled . go there and tick usb debugging . on your pc , go to your device manager ( you can find it in control panel , system ) when the phone is plugged in and set to mtp . locate the phone , ( it might come up as " android phone " if so open the tree a level . on my computer it says " google nexus adb interface " but it might be different on yours depending on how you have got things configured ) right click on it and chose " properties " from the fly out menu . go to the driver tab click update driver . . . click browse my computer for driver software click let my pick from a list of devices on my computer select usb composite device close the driver assistant your nexus 5 should now appear as an mtp device on your computer .
unplug usb cable from your pc . go to ' settings ' > ' storage ' . in options , click ' usb computer connection ' now check on ' camera ( ptp ) ' connect your device to pc . after connecting , if drivers are installed successfully , unplug device , switch back to mtp mode and connect to pc .
i had problems with my nexus 5 not sending mms messages and it turned out the pictures were just to big . i downloaded an app called go sms pro ( it is free ) and it automatically re-sizes it , and it fixed the issue .
i finally hit upon apn settings which did the trick for me . apn name : straight_talk apn : tfdata port : 80 username : not set password : not set server : not set mmsc : http://mms-tf.net mms proxy : 66.209.11.33 mms port : 80 mcc : 310 mnc : 410 auth type : none apn type : default , supl , mms , hipri , agps , fota , dun , entitle
a slide in a particular direction . or may be a slide in multiple directions ( say one slide to the right from the top left to top right , continued down from right top to right bottom ) . i do not know how effective it might be , but i guess worth a try .
if your device is rooted now you may use titanium backup . it has freeze feature beside uninstall system apps ( freeze is similar with uninstall but it is reversable )
have you tried teamviewer ? you can use it to control all os .
unified remote has worked very well for me in the past . website android app
factory resets only partially erase* the main data directory , not the internal/external storage drive ( sd card for example ) . all videos , photos , music etc remain , as they are stored on the internal/external drive - only apps and app data would be deleted . *i say partially erase , because if everything in the data directory was erased , the os would not function correctly .
my 3.2 method does work with cm9 , and the default launcher ( trebuchet ) , with these adjustments : go to settings-> launcher-> homescreen-> search bar , and remove it . keyboard focus will default to the apps button ( the ::: icon ) at the top right arrange icons on the right side of the screen instead of on the left . down-arrow , from the apps button , will go to the top-right icon in the same way as it used to go down to the top-left from the search bar in 3.2 other launchers are also an option ( go launcher ex duplicated the old behavior , although it forces phone ui elements ) , but this is the shortest path if you are otherwise content with trebuchet .
the other answer works ( to remove the search bar and rearrange icons below the ::: button ) works fine , but only in a landscape orientation . even in landscape , pathological arrangements of icons can be stumbled upon . i have settled on this method : use a firewall ( e . g . , droidwall ) to block ' google search ' , which i never use , and which i do not want broadcasting my task-switching . to switch to another app , press the home key and then begin typing the name of the app ( the search button is not necessary . ) when the app shows up , down-arrow to it and press enter . how convenient this is obviously varies depending on the names of the apps you wish to switch between , and on the other apps you have installed , and on whether you indeed do not ever use google search . it is also about half as fast as the 3.2 method .
haha , but it is obvious they will not ! dude , what do you expect ? and yeah , if your google keep is eating your data packet , then stop using it as a clipboard , because every single time you open it , sync starts . i never found this issue with my keep . turn off google sync ; it is the best way !
well that would be a data leaking app as per april 8th . and i never saw that coming because i have a large amount of data package for myself but would go and check . this is a hell lot of data being used up by such a tiny app . i mean in my phone 200mb+ data is either used up by google play store or a browser app by which i downloaded files ( audio , video , images etc ) . otherwise i never saw such event . however , if you want to contact google about it . they would be waiting for the feedback and you can include this as the feedback message . but if you want them to get you some data package ( maybe i got confused and mis understood your point of view for contact ) then they will not do it .
profiles are just a way to change a bunch of settings at once . by long-pressing the power button and tapping ring/vibrate/silent ( below airplane mode ) you change a single setting however : the ringing behaviour . the profiles work slightly different to what you expect . you most probably forgot to enable some switches of the standard profile , most of them are on/off settings for which a profile has 3 actions : activate deactivate modify / do-not-modify this is for example very handy for a car mode that you activate to just switch off a security lock screen ( + enable gps and leave all else as is ) . the standard profile has a lot of those unset do-not-modify checkboxes ( the checkboxes to the right ) , so unless you check them the profile does not actually change those settings . tick the checkbox and try again !
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
okay , i did a brief test the other day . . . only drove about 80 miles , . . . obviously longer drives would give better averaging samples . but from my short drive , it seems that maps navigation uses roughly 1 mb for every 10 miles .
if you stop syncing facebook with your phone book , that option will disappear . i realize this is not an answer to your question about customizing the pop-up but it may just serve your needs until a more skilled android ninja happens upon this question .
what phone make and model do you have ? what version of android ? what are you doing to add the shortcut for the contact ? if i go to add a shortcut after long clicking on the homescreen i get an option for " person " . then i choose the individual to make a shortcut for and i have the option of some things to add for that shortcut . if you choose contact card or quick contact you get a decent amount of options . contact card gives you everything for that contact . not as many options as you might want sure , but whatever you select from the contact card will use the phone default .
i just googled for " share my location android " , and the first hit looks pertinent : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.sylvek.sharemyposition
glympse is really good for this . basically , you set up a time-limited " glympse " of your location . you can then share that " glympse " via a number of channels , including sms . the recipient need not be a glympse user and can follow your progress on the glympse website . access is automatically revoked at the end of the time limit , thwarting your would-be stalkers . the usual caveats of it is only as accurate as the gps location reported by your device .
google maps can do this . long-press the map at your location ; a popup should appear with the address ; you can tap that and it'll give you the option to " share " that location . from that you can send a text , email , etc .
the " hangouts " app on my ( stock android 4.4.2 ) phone does this , but in a fairly non-intuitive way : open hangouts either tap the + in the upper-right , or tap an existing hangout at the bottom , there is a text area that says " send hangouts message " . just to the right is a paper-clip icon ; tap that . that will reveal a menu with three choices ; the last choice is " location " . tap that . you will see a map labeled " share location " . ( i assume you can scroll the map around to adjust the location , but i have not tried that . ) to the right of the label is a little paper-airplane icon . tap that . you should see a ( rather large ) thumbnail of the map , superimposed over the hangouts text area ; the text area will have in it ( in faint type ) " location ready to send " . tap the paper-airplane icon .
wvm is a video file that has been encrypted using the widevine ( now google ) drm platform . the first 10 seconds are not encrypted , that is why you can see it in vlc .
wmv stands for windows media video -- so what you have found very likely is a video-file with subtitles . it could be a demo video shipped together with the application in whichs directory it resides ( google play movies and tv ) . i would say it should be safe to delete it -- but i would first try doing so via the app itself to be sure ( there you also could first play it to see what it is about -- plus deleting it from there would ensure all connected data is removed as well ) . in the worst case , you may need to re-install the app .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
a wvm file is not the same as a wmv , the wvm is a video downloaded from google play movies and is a type of mpeg-4 video file . it is currently unable to be opened by anything other than the google play movies app because of the drm properties surrounding the file .
wmv and wvm not same . if you download some film in the android market inside this film format wvm . if you want to check you can . this file inside ( storage - sdcard0 - android - data - com . google . android . videos - files - movies -yi5zzw43oubnbwfpbc5jb20 ) all this film this folder inside . you can delete if you want .
if you enter your pin incorrectly a number of times , the device should present you with a temporary time lock . if you continue to enter it incorrectly you should be prompted to login with the google account associated with your device to disable the lock .
here is the htc desire s user guide in pdf , but i could not find there anything about clear search history in the section reading ebook ( pages 148-151 ) . so , being that the default ebook reader , i guess that clearing search history is not possible unless you clear data from that app .
usually sideloading is not prevented by the manufacturer , but by the operator . all the tablets i have tried had no operator customizations and supported sideloading . of course , this depends on your country and operator .
such an application does not exist . rooting an android device is a complex process that involves two major steps : bypass the securtiy and anti-rooting measures of the device , and install the su command and app . this first step is the major roadblock in rooting a device . to bypass the security that is put in place by both the android system and the device manufacturer to discourage rooting . the method for doing this varies wildly by the device in question , the version of android installed , and software such as a bootloader lock or " security " app installed by the device vendor or the carrier . this variety is why certain devices are yet to be rooted and why some must be wiped before rooting , etc . though software exists to root a handful of devices by the same manufacturer ( ex : wug 's nexus root toolkit which can root the extremely similar nexus s , galaxy nexus , nexus 4 , nexus 7 , and nexus 10 ) , this is only because the devices happen to use identical or extremely similar exploits to enable root . a single app cannot/need not be robust enough to handle every device by every manufacturer .
what package were you using in odin to flash your phone ? i do not think flashing a new os in odin will help much with rooting . download towelroot on your phone , and root that way : towelroot . com download and install the apk . click the lamda , and then install supersu from the play store .
i think you mean the auto-sync . go to " settings -> accounts and sync " . you will find which apps are using the sync function under manage accounts . only the apps in the list will be influenced .
the actual update should take at very most half an hour , the download time may vary though . other than a backup , i do not see what else you had need to do . if you have trouble , come back and post a separate question with details . the update usually either fails entirely ( in which case you can try again ) or works fine , you should not end up in some half-updated broken state .
updated the firmware successfully . : ) took almost 40 minutes for the upgrade process to finish completely . after the update i was amazed to see that all the settings , programs , contacts and accounts were there . i did not have to restore from the backup that i took earlier . froyo is much faster that eclair . hope this answer is helpful to those looking to upgrade their firmware but feared ( like me ) the risk of data being lost or phone malfunctioning . go ahead and upgrade your firmware . you will love it . here are the screenshots
extremely doubtful , to the point where i am confident saying no , it would not work . it would require either the os dev team having included linux drivers that would work with the usb device , or the usb device manufacturer having released android-compatible drivers that you could install on your tablet yourself .
i believe that product is an dac . as long as your device has otg/usb host support , it'll work .
i am not aware of any way to find out the maximum current the device will use except checking the charger that came with the device and assuming that the manufacturer suppied the most efficient charger suitable . the maximum current for usb connection is 5a , but usually the range used by phone/tablet chargers is between 0.5a and 2a . note that the amperage of the charger only tells what is the maximum current that the charger can supply , so it is safe to plug a 2a charger to a device capable of 0.5a current .
it depends on the app in question . handcent sms / gosms have options for changing the led colour . as an aside , there is also the ability to configure per-recipient tones , vibrate modes , notification icons and of course led colours . if you are looking for an all-in-one app to manage led notifications for commonly used apps , give light flow a try . edit : also blink
if you have a us galaxy s3 , all led programs have issues with the colors ( handcent , gosms , etc ) except lightflow . if you select green , it will be blue , etc . lightflow works flawlessly . the problme i have with lightflow is the battery would drain faster with the app installed . i ran a test where i left the phone idle for 55 mins ( no screen on , no led flashing , no gps , txt , phone . . ) and battery drainage was 8-10% . i uninstalled the app , and did the same test and battery drainage was only 4% . for now ( until gosms supports led for the us s3 ) , i am just using the built in s3 led notification option ( under system settings ) . it works , you just can not change the colors .
it does not seem to be possible . at least not in the post it self . in the list of posts it is however . the only way i am able to scroll in posts , is sideways , which changes the post . it could be done programmatically though , by combining and rewriting some stuff . but then it is of course no longer google reader : ) a suggestion however ( which is what i do ) is to make a small hole in the thumb of the glove . then the skin is able to make electric connections on the touch screen : )
as life of lcd screen is measured in hours of its usage , keeping screen turned on does consume some of its life hours . but , average life of lcd screens range from 30,000 hours to 60,000 hours , so i do not think it would a matter to you .
do not worry as the device is new you have warranty , do a factory reset and see .
since your nokia x does not have access to the google play store , you will need to download and install whatsapp manually . enable side-loading of apps on your nokia x by navigating to settings -> security and enable the Unknown Sources option . download the watsapp apk directly from their site to your computer . transfer the apk file you downloaded onto your nokia x by connecting it via usb cable and using a file manager , send it via bluetooth , or copy it to an microsd card and insert it into the phone . run the pre-installed astro file manager and locate the file using the search option . tap the file to run it , which will start the installation process . follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation . important step : modify your phone’s date to ( or just prior ) 2nd of august of 2014 ( don’t worry you will change it back to the preset date afterwards . ) launch whatsapp like any other installed app on your nokia x phone , and complete the initial set-up . at this point you will most likely get a message saying that this application is " not supported " on your phone . exit whatsapp when it says that your device is not supported back to the homescreen . uninstall the official whatsapp application by long-tapping on the whatsapp icon and tapping on the red cross . now download whatsapp plus from here and install it using the same method as the official app ( steps 3 through 6 of this guide . ) open whatsapp plus app and go through configuration steps . make sure to use the same phone number as you used in the original whatsapp , otherwise it will not work . you can now revert the system 's date back to the present date and still enjoy whatsapp . you can now use whatsapp plus to connect to your whatsapp contacts . sources : 1 , 2 .
my standard recommendation again here : tasker , the most complete automation solution available for android . tasker can react on different events and perform tasks when they occur . so you could setup two profiles : profile " startup": condition : device boot ( this is boot_completed ) ) task : write file ( with your information specified in the parameters ) profile " shutdown": condition : device shutdown task : write file ( with your information specified in the parameters ) for the text you can use variables like e.g. %DATE . only difficulty will be to determine whether the shutdown was caused by the user or a program -- no easy recipe here , especially not for un-rooted devices . this information might be extracted from the system logs somehow ; but starting with jellybean , this would require root permissions .
google contacts is your best option . it will merge contacts with different names if things like their email addresses are the same . also , if for some reason , it does not detect the contacts that should be merged , you can select multiple contacts manually and click on Merge Contacts from the more actions menu .
use latest version of myphoneexplorer ( www.fjsoft.at ) . it is compatible with nearly any android phone . connect your phone with bluetooth or usb to pc . sync your contacts with the software , then you are able to easily merge your contacts by selecting some of them and right-click -> merge contacts . note , this requires installation of a client on your windows desktop ( no mac or linux available )
backup your data and factory reset your device . if problem is intact , its firmware issue . fixing it is not easier than flashing new rom . the best way to work around : disconnect mobile data by renaming apn . no need to factory reset or to flash new rom . you do not need to rename apn manually . install widgetsoid and use its mobile data toggle widget . in settings , make sure toggle method is apn renaming . done !
the battery indicator app in the first picture shown appears to be ours so i would thought i would respond . :- ) the ongoing notification shows because all ongoing notifications in android currently must display a notification as shown , and because the app must always be in memory to work correctly . you do not need a custom rom to be sure the battery is not being drained too much . over a year ago i joined with dmytro shkil to publish both battery notifier ( big text ) and battery notifier pro bt because his original program consumed less battery than any other app i had tried . tested with systempanel with the display intentionally kept on , the free and paid versions of our program today still consume less than . 01% cpu over 8 hours . we have left out fancy graphs and other eyecandy to keep our app consuming as little battery as possible . larryvgs http://batterynotifierpro.blogspot.com/
the battery power such app uses is very insignificant if well made . i use such app and it never shows up in the battery usage statistics . that makes me conclude that on a full cycle of 100% to 0% , those apps will not be responsible for even 1% . if the app you use does show up , it is too intensive and you should try another .
yes , of course they consume battery . you can go and check in settings > > battery how much is the app actually consuming . ( it should appear something like shown the following screenshot ) i think it might not consume a significant amount like other apps , but just check it and see if you are okay with the amount of battery it is consuming . also , if all you want is remaining battery percentage , i would recommend installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod that shows the percentage on the status bar itself . ( see the status bar in the screenshot below )
all battery indicator apps will consume more battery since they need to monitor the battery and that takes cpu cycles . the only difference lies in the apps themselves , on how often and precise they check the battery level and other extra stuff ( stats , eyecandy , . . . ) .
no . what you are describing is something like the " hibernate " option you get on pcs . it would need support from the kernel and the userspace parts of android . since 4.2 , the boot process on android has been a lot faster on real devices , so typically it would be slower to boot from hibernation than to boot in the conventional way .
i think it is probably best to do a factory reset and see if that helps . however you could try going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile Networks and experimenting . i recommend shutting off roaming and making sure network mode is on auto .
android 's does not have an integrated fm radio functionality ( api ) , if a device features fm support , it was added by the manufacturer . because of that there is no standard way to access it via 3rd party apps . you can try this app but your mileage may vary .
the spirit fm radio unlocked has slight support for recording . most of it is experimental however . there are no other tuned fm radio apps on the market , that run on all devices . the only way to get full fm recording facilities , is if your oem puts this feature into the stock fm radio app .
for usb teathering i know only two options that ( in my experience ) works well : azilink - the hard but free way easyteather - the easy but non-free way
you will need root access on your devices ( well , at least on the old one ) in order to copy the apps off it . once rooted , you can use a number of 3rd-party " backup " apps to save a copy of the apps to your sd card , copy it to your pc , and then side-load them onto your new phone . the one i use is titanium backup . root your original device . look at sites like xda-developers or rootzwiki for help with that . in titanium backup use the backup/restore functionality to backup the apps you need to the sd card . on the new phone also install titanium backup app , enable side-loading ( menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources ) , and use the restore functionality to restore the apps . if you do not feel like installing a 3rd-party backup app , this can be done manually , although it is a lot more involved ( installing android sdk , usb drivers , using command prompt to find package names and copy the apks from old phone and installing them on the new one . )
have you tried mailchimp ? i think it works even offline in ios and android phones .
if there is an update available for your android phone in android you go to settings -> about phone -> system updates good luck !
i have had this issue happening with three different devices - motorola backflip , motorola defy and genesis gt-1230 . the cause is always cheap third-party chargers -- and in my case , it works fine when plugged to the computer via usb cable ( it is an original motorola cable ) .
i have encountered this problem with my samsung galaxy ii s , but only when i am using a third party charger of dubious quality . the hardware buttons continue to work but the touchscreen becomes unresponsive . the issue does not occur with the oem charger .
i had the same problem with the htc nexus one and it was directly related to heat . whenever the phone got too hot the touch screen would flake out . charging the phone makes it heat up , the worst time for me was when it was in the car dock , heat from charging and from the screen being on all the time . when ever it did this all i had to do was hold it in front of the ac vent for 15 - 30 seconds and the screen would work normally .
all i did was go to menu | settings | applications | Google Voice and selected force stop . it cleared the issue without deleting the data .
from al everett 's comment , i decided to try signing out of the application ( which gives a warning about deleting all data ) and signing back in , figuring that would be a less extreme step than going to manage applications clear data ( although maybe it does the same thing ) . it seems to have fixed the problem
from what i can tell , this issue has been resolved with gingerbread 2.3.5 . i no longer have the issue with my device running gingerbread 2.3.5 ( actually i think cm7 is based on 2.3.7 now ) . from what i am seeing in the reported issue is other people are saying the same thing about it being fixed . i am not sure if your device has an update available or not though .
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
you can go in " settings " -> " applications " and make sure the " unknown sources " option is checked . then you should be able to install apps that are not from the market .
you can allow your device to install non-market apps by going to " settings " > " applications " and checking " unknown sources " . this should allow you to install non-market apps although your settings menu may be slightly different . once you have it enabled check out this question if you need more info . if you are on at and t in the u.s. you should check out this question .
depending on which phone network you got your phone from , you should be able to change that setting ( i believe that at and t in the us do not allow that setting to be changed ) . go into settings on your phone ( on the home screen press menu and then select settings from the settings menu , select applications in that screen you should see a tickbox labelled unknown sources allow installation of non-market applications if you take the tick out of that box , then you should be able to install any apps that you want to .
amazon confirms kindle fire hd models use android 4.0 under the hood .
by this comparison between kindle fire hd 7" and nexus 7 done by cnet , it uses a custom android 4.0 version . scroll down to the comparison table to see it from the official product page , there is no corroborating information about it .
amazon confirms ics is running the kindle fire hd . for more infos follow this blogpost
my sgs2 has a scratch . normal use , probably my keys did it , i assumed the gorilla glass would be safe , but was sorely disappointed ! wish i would shelled out for protection !
the s2 has samsung 's toughened gorilla glass screen , see the videos in this answer to a previous question for attempts to scratch the gorilla glass on an original galaxy s : looking for a robust android smartphone i can say that i have had an original galaxy s for over a year now , and regularly keep it in a trouser pocket with my house keys , have dropped it a few times , and other slight accidents , and while the back and sides of the cover have scratches and chips on them the screen is still absolutely unmarked . however what you might want to consider is the fact that the camera lens on the back apparently is not gorilla glass , see this question is samsung galaxy s ii rear camera gorilla glass too ?
just got mine a few weeks ago . i do not think you will need a screen protector but at the same time if you put your phone in the same pocket as your keys or even spare change , you are asking for trouble
it is very tough but not magic , i do have a very tiny scratch on mine i have no idea how it got there . the only way to scratch something is with a substance that is harder than it is , the mohs scale is used to show the hardness of materials . i have read that non-oxidized aluminum according to the mohs hardness scale has a hardness of 2.75 , gorilla glass is estimated to be about 7.5 but aluminum oxide , aluminum will get a coating it is like rust on iron but this is aluminum , the aluminum oxide has a hardness of 9 . aluminum oxide is better known as corundum mohs 9 but high quality versions are called ruby and sapphire . so if you have old oxidized aluminum car or house keys maybe some coins or whatever they will probably scratch a gorilla glass screen since they are harder than it .
see if you are using " gps-provided time " in your date and time settings i think it is an improper translation of " your time is more accurate " it may be due to some adware too . did you try holding the notification and see the " app info " of the notification ?
seems i just needed to wait a little longer for the " copying . . . " dialog to pop up again . windows is weird sometimes .
for a fix open settings> apps go the all tab , swipe left 2x 's scroll down to samsung keyboard and tap it tap on force close , then ok tap on clear cache tap on clear data , then ok problem should be fixed ! ! ! google search keywords galaxy rugby keyboard typing wrong letters
it probably did not exist when you posted this question , but now ted air can download a video to watch it offline .
i would suggest using doubletwist . doubletwist will re-encode any video to be suitable for your device , simply by dragging the video onto your device listed in the program . doubletwist has built-in functionality for subscribing to podcasts , but i use itunes to organize podcasts , then use doubletwist to send the content to , and play the content on , my htc hero .
i use beyondpod ( the full version ) to watch ted talks all the time . it pulls in a list of the videos from the feed and you can choose to download which ever ones you want and then play them right in beyondpod . there is no data connection required .
as of this date , simply download the official ted app and select the talk you like to view offline . then tap the download icon to the top-right corner to download . you can then play the downloaded videos offline from My Talks tab . if you are a kind of person who like to play the videos at higher speed , you can get apps that support fast playback such as VLC for Android or Dice Player . since all the downloaded files are stored in /sdcard/Android/data/com.ted.android/files/ , you can point the video player to that path . hope this helps someone .
wow . . . i saw this quesion , thought " there is gotta be something " . . . but a quick look around the market and web search shows there is nothing that is popular . i did find this article about podcast managers for android . i thought google listen could do this ? or maybe it only recently added that functionality ?
when you add your email account through the gmail app ( menu &rarr ; accounts &rarr ; add account ) , you will usually need to use your full email address for the " username " , rather than just your internal username . in addition , if your company uses single sign-on for google apps ( that is , if the login page for your business gmail is not on google . com and does not look like the gmail login page ) , you may need to set up a separate password for accessing gmail from a non-web interface . for this you will need to talk to your it department .
google apps has special setup ( expand the " hidden " section for android ) -- not hard at all , though . i have set it up in more than one app as i try them out : to configure the ' email ' app on an android device for access to google apps email , just follow the steps below : enable imap in your mail settings . on your phone , press &lt ; home > , then open the email application . on the ' your accounts ' page , select next to get started with setup . enter your full google apps email address and password , then select next . select imap account and then select next . on the ' incoming server settings ' page , some fields may be pre-populated . make sure to change the following : for ' username , ' enter your full google apps email address for ' imap server , ' enter 'imap.gmail.com' for ' port , ' enter '993' for ' security type , ' select ' ssl ( always ) '' select next . on the ' outgoing server settings ' page , some fields may be pre-populated . make sure to change the following : for ' smtp server ' enter 'smtp.gmail.com' for ' port , ' enter '465' for ' security type , ' select ' ssl ( always ) '' select next and continue through the setup options .
try opening the gmail app , then hit menu and click " accounts " . try to add your account this way . if that does not work then you will need to use the mail app and add the account as pop or imap .
you should be able to add your business email ( and calendar ) as an additional google account ( i have with mine ) - obviously making sure you enter your full email address including your company domain . if this is not working then speak to your domain admin in case they have locked down mobile access somehow :o/
go into your wifi list and forget all of your remembered networks , then reconfigure them .
my tablet does this too , it shows perfect wifi connection but apps do not connect . i read in another forum that the date/time gets reset somehow , nobody can figure out how or why and samsung is oblivious , but . . . go in and set your date/time to the correct one and voila , it connects ! it will reset again eventually and you will have to go in and do it again but it works . i was shocked to see when i read that , that the setting was in fact at january 2012 , but i did it and it worked . i also read about seeing the severity from the wpa to a . . something , ( aep ? ) i am not really familiar with security settings , and i could not find where to do it , but many people said that it corrected the problem for them . lastly , the kies has also worked for some , i guess turning it on with wifi makes it connect . i have only tried the date/time setting , but they may all be connected somehow .
goto wifi settings . click on the accesspoint and remove the password and put the password again . if still doesnt work then follow the steps : type *#*#4636#*#* ( *#*#info#*#* ) click on wifi-info > wifi-api then disconnect > disablenetwork -> enablenetwork and you are good to go
you can try changing your wifi network settings from dhcp to static and a little tweaking of dns server addresses should work . refer this link for complete solution .
have you tried your wi-fi on any other device ? it could be possible that it is connecting as a remote hard drive .
i also experienced same problem with my samsung advance for couple of days . i rebooted my phone , reset the factory settings , removed the battery/sim , turned on/off the static ip option , but it did not work . last thing i did was : i clicked the kies air , and clicked wi-fi . after a few moments , i got a signal to our company wi-fi . try this option , and hope it will work out .
try to update your cellphone date and time . . . ^_^
i had a similar problem , after a lot of struggle finally found out the issue was with the security type , changed the router`s security type from wpa2 to wep128 bits , and it worked fine : )
my father 's galaxy s advance suddenly lost it is wifi connectivity one day . i tried the code *#*#4636#*#* and tried to update the wifi connection by disabling and enabling it , but that did not work for me . then i came across this blog post which worked : turn off wifi turn on the static ip option ( you can find this in " advanced settings" ) turn on wifi turn off the static ip option - make sure to tap the screen to get the " save " option for this . your device should establish a connection
sounds like you will need to roll your own telephony gateway . this kind of thing can get complicated very quickly , so your milage will depend on the amount of free time you have to devote to the project and your knowledge of telecommunications . at its most basic , you need to do this : a quick google search revealed asterisk as a free , open-source option for creating your own gateway . you will need desktop/server hardware that can communicate with ethernet and analog phone lines as well as sip client software for your android phone ( like sipdroid ) . this kind of setup should allow you to receive all calls on your android phone and place calls from your android through your land line . asterisk seems to have decent documentation and community support so it should just be a matter of putting it all together and getting the gateway configured correctly .
i was looking for a device like this myself , and could not find anything , so i will put it on my wish list for some fun with electronic projects to make someday . however an alternative for now but not exactly what you want because it still uses the internet however at least you can use the android to answer your landline calls is to get a free google voip or other fee based voip service like callcentric and set up the softphone app on the phone ( softphone not work with google voice , have to use googles software for that ) then set your landline to forward all calls to your voip phone , if not know how to set a landline to forward calls ask your phone service they will tell you its a few key presses , however your landline will not ring until you deactivate that setting , unless the phone service has option to ring n# of time then forward the call , but probably an extra fee for that . anyway that is kind of a work around until someone makes such a thing , but the demand for that is probably low , since the trend in the public is to only have cell service , and not use landlines . however for me it is a neat idea and want to make it for myself , will probably use scraps from an old useless phone , add in a cheap microcontroller with a bluetooth to talk to the android then write some software to make it all work the way i want it to . probably can do it with a pc and pc modem , and route the audio to the bluetooth , but i not want to have a full big box pc on consuming power 24/7 just for that .
if you ' re looking to get your home phone call to your cell device , you just need to call your cell from your home phone and then press *72 i believe and your calls will be send to your cell phone . check your land phone provide to find how to do that . . . not sure it is 72 . . . but pretty sure , then to get the call back to your land line , you press *73 on your land phone . hope this help .
the answer to the question is yes and i do it . i use a raspberry pi running raspbx so within the house most things are sip or dect . my main phone is a gigaset dx800a which supports sip and also dect . these dect phones attached to the dx800a become sip extensions . the phone in my office is an aastra 6739i ( sip ) with a sennheiser dect headset . i have a linksys spa3102-uk which connects the pstn landline to the raspberry pi . the mobile phone can run any sip software and become an internal extension , and thus make and receive landline calls . as to being a workable solution then it depends on your cellphone coverage and how you use your cellphone ( do you need sms ? ) . another useful configuration is the dx800a will allow you to connect to you cell phone via bluetooth and make a receive calls from the dx800a or any dect handsets attached to it . so in this situation you carry around a dect handset and you can make and receive calls from both the mobile number and landline number . i would like to find an app that converts the mobile into a sip/gsm gateway such that the android phone can be connected to the asterisk based raspbx and be used to make outgoing and incoming calls via gsm . this way i could use my calling plan to make calls from my sip based desk phone going out via the mobile ( routing controlled by raspbx ) . but do not know of one as yet .
to my knowledge , an app has to register for that -- so it is not simply a question of configuration . you might want to try some other apps which are able to handle kml files , e.g. locus maps . if it registers itself for this file type , it then should appear in the selection , and you can make it the default app . as it turned out , this was exactly what happened with maps with me , so that is one candidate working for kml files .
generally , apps register for a mime type , not necessarily for a particular extension . if the email has the attachment marked as the wrong mime type , then android will show apps that handle the mime type that the email claims it is . perhaps the sender of this attachment needs to configure his email client to report the right mime type for the file . as a workaround , you could try saving/downloading the attachment to your phone and then opening it directly : that way , the phone will detect what type it is instead of trusting the email 's claim .
are you sure that the camera is not damaged as well ? ip webcam has settings for resolution and quality , but i do not see anything indicating that it is tied to the screen of the device . actually , i am not sure we are using the same cam app . maybe it would help to try a different one . i used ' ip webcam ' because i was using mine for video . i am sure there are good options for still shots . you can also try using something like tinycam monitor ( free ) to view the stream if you are viewing live video . it makes for an easy security camera system .
program storage is the amount of space taken up by the actual app , i.e. the apk size , personal data storage is the space taken up by your personal data . i.e. if you have a to-do list program it would likely create a database and all the to-do are added to the database which would take up personal data storage space . the only way to reduce personal data storage is to clear the app data , but this will delete all your personal data for the app , i.e. settings and based on the example above all of your to-do 's . what i tend to do is go to settings > applications > manage applications and then go to the all tab . then on the menu go to sort by size and clear some of the apps near the top that take the most amount of size that are not a big deal if i lose the data . google maps is usually one that takes a lot of personal data storage space . hope this helps
you have two options . do a factory reset . go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; reset &gt; Factory data reset . when you are asked to log-in your google account , it will ask you if you want to download the apps you installed before . usually , your paid apps will be installed ( and possibly some of the free apps ) . you may have to manually install the others . or , you can always use titanium backup . make sure to back-up only user apps , not system apps . then , restore those user apps after you have flashed a new rom .
also , if the above does not work for you , or there are many apps that have not been downloaded you can bulk install previously installed apps using the " my apps " on the play store . My Apps &gt; All  then press and hold on an app , and it will be selected . apps that have already been installed onto your device will be greyed out . you can then press on any other apps you want to install , then " install " at the top right .
ok . i did not get any specific responses/solutions ( thanks for the comments i did get thought ) , but it did prompt me to dig deeper since no one had an answer . i looked in the google play store and found several apps under " lockscreen " , " notificaitons " , or a combination of the two words . i found several apps that had some good features , but none really came close to providing rich/detailed notifications . some apps that i installed and tested . - nils notificaitons - widgetlocker - lock screen notifications - espier notifications- this one was promising , but never worked quite right in the end , i found one app that doesnt show up with the keywords " lockscreen " or " notificaitons " . this app required a lot of configuration , and you have to install some helper email apps . but the final result is acceptable ( image below ) . it also has some nice features , like the ability to add widgets ( in this case i added a weather widget ) . i could never do that on iphone , so it may be a good trade off . executive assistant paid version and executive assistant free version i hope this helps anyone looking for rich " iphone " like notifications .
try slide lock . it is awesome . just like ios version . ( click image for a larger version )
you can test that the triggers work like they should with dock simulator ( market link ) . run it and try " car dock " to see what should happen when you dock the phone . if nothing happens , it might be a problem in your triggers . otherwise , it is the dock or your phone 's magnetic sensor . try dialing *#0*# and selecting Magnetic to access a self test of the magnetic sensor .
can not shed any light on your current experience i am afraid . it is possible that timescape has some sort of feature built in but i have just the app for you . call track syncs all your calls to your calendar , including time duration and number ( and name if they are in contacts ) and will import your existing call log . you can select a specific calendar or label to sync with . hope that helps . :- )
finally found the solution and the reason . i installed sms backup + application from market sometime back . this application syncs the messages , call logs and contacts with gmail . i installed once and removed . in that time span it sync the contacts , call logs with my gmail . thats why i can see the call logs label in my gmail .
thanks for the info , will check it out . meanwhile i have managed to root it and move most of the apps to the sd card giving me a little more space even though link2sd does not recognize the 2gb partition no matter what format it is in . the phone is at least usable now : )
if the " other " calls are usually at certain times of the day , you could use tasker to automate things for you .
in order to root an android phone , you have to take into account the manufacturer of the phone and the model , and also you need to take into account the android version installed . the process to root a phone is based on some exploit in the system , and each android version with each model has a different method , which takes advantage of different exploits . there are common exploits across some models , but in general , you need to look for a rooting method for your phone model and the android version it has . i have used this page on some occasions to look for tutorials , but you can also look in xda developers
assuming the phone and your laptop are on the same network and the web server is listening on the right ports , you should be able to just use the local ip of your laptop . http://192.168.1.100/ ( or whatever the ip address happens to be )
one solution to your problem probably is reverse tether : other than your hotspot functionality ( which lets you use your phones internet connection with other devices via wifi ) , this allows you to use your computers network via usb , as the screenshots imply . thus your phone gets a ( configurable ) ip address ( pic1: " desired ip" ) matching your computers ( pic1: " gateway ip" ; it is important that both are part of the same subnet ) , and then you can access your computers web services from your android device as described before ( using the computer 's ip ) . drawback : this solution requires your device to be rooted . i will check further , maybe i find a similar solution not requiring root , and then will update my answer with that new information . update : if your computer is equipped with wifi , an " adhoc connection " could also provide a solution . you might want to take a look at the question how to connect android wifi to adhoc wifi ? for details on this . and there is a brand new article just published today at pc advisor : connect android phone to ad hoc network , which might be even more helpful to you .
can be done through a bluetooth pan network using the internet sharing feature on smartphone . as soon as both belong in same pan network , smartphone can navigate host 's web server .
first method : turn on bluetooth on your phones . use the bb to look for the samsung , then when u find it , pair it . then click on the samsung phone , and u should get the option to transfer contacts . not too sure about the other stuff . second method : try phone to phone transfer app . phone to phone transfer can be downloaded from the androidphonesoft website free of cost and its the same with itunes , then connect your blackberry and samsung s3 to computer , run the program then you will see all the itmes on the program , just start to copy , all of your data will be transfered to galaxy s3 , very easy , this artilce may help you : how to transfer contacts from blackberry to samsung galaxy s3
sense is made by htc for htc so no you can not put it on other phones . that said , i recently read an article that blinkfeed and some of their other cooler closed source apps are going to be made available on the play store for other devices later this year . looks like blinkfeed specifically is already avaialable . hope this helps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.htc.launcher
try to use astro or if possible ( i mean if you are rooted ) root explorer . in case " move " fails , then try " copy " first and after successful copy revert to the original location and delete the aforementioned file . you are done !
i would use x-plore file manager . it has a split-view and you can simply open the location you wish to copy from on one side , and the location you wish to copy to on the other side , and long-press and choose move from the menu . the move location will be the location you have open in the other pane by default .
there is gomarks . looks promising .
dolphin can actually sync with google bookmarks . dolphin is widely used , so that is a plus in terms of trustworthiness . searching the bookmarks is not very nice though , but you can filter by tags
cyanogenmod is a fork of aosp ( android open source project ) , more customisable and with many added niceties ( see the why page on cm 's wiki for details ) . one of the main advantages it that you are able to update phones for which its vendor stopped releasing updates . for instance , i have cyanogenmod 10.2 , which is based on android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) on my nexus s . google only updated android up to 4.1.2 for this phone . when you install it you do not have the google apps ( like maps , hangouts , search , etc ) but you can install the " gapps " package which contains these apps .
i guess the best resource for you is the official cyanogenmod wiki : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/main_page
cyanogenmod versus android to ask how cyanogenmod is different from android is comparable to ask how is a cat different from an animal . cyanogenmod is an android custom-rom . see : our rom tag-wiki for what a rom is our custom-rom tag-wiki for details on custom roms our cyanogenmod tag-wiki for details on cyanogenmod quoting the latter , which quotes from the cyanogenmod website : cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for a number of cell phones based on the open-source android operating system . it offers features not found in the official android based firmwares of vendors of these cell phones . as you are asking about ecosystems : cyanogenmod meanwhile is a company . there might be multiple ecosystems using the same resources . as will be shown below : google versus android versus cyanogenmod android is not google , and google is not android . behind android stands the aosp team . so android is open source , which is why other groups like cyanogenmod can use it . the " iron grip " of your question does not go to android itself , it is rather the additions google puts on top , the so-called google apps ( see : google-apps and its tag-wiki ) . those apps are not open-source , but closed-source . cyanogenmod started shipping their own counter-parts for several of the google-apps ( and features ) , and here you have got your ecosystem : apps and services . cyanogenmod is not permitted to ship the google-apps with their roms , you have to install them manually ( if you want them ) , or leave them out . there are many substitutes available , so you can use android without google : android os without google services ? can an android phone run without google ? guide : how to use your android phone without google android without google ­– discussion @xda can i trust x with my data ? google earns its money with advertisements . if you can trust them with your data , imho you can trust cyanogenmod even more . if you do not want to trust either of them , there are alternatives such as owncloud , funambol , and more , which you can use with any rom , cyanogenmod included – setting up your own cloud , as one of the names suggests . concerning the google-play-store and " where to get my apps from": as with the other google-apps , custom roms are not permitted to bundle them with their distributions . but there are a lot of alternative and open-source markets , like f-droid etc . ( see our alternative-markets tag-wiki ) . there have been rumours about a cyanogenmod app market , but i must have missed that taking off .
i would say that the practical anwser is no . although you could theoreticaly make an appliction/script that would swith to 2g before a cal , the script would have to wait a few seconds before making a call while the phone switches signals . this will make it no faster than manualy changing it before calling . i suggest you put the 2g/3g widget near your dialer and press it before you enter the dialer , by the time you choose a contact the phone should be ready to call . another option has to do with rooting and voiding your warranty : flashing different modems ( radio images ) from xda . some modems hold to signals much more aggresively ( but use more battery ) . the last and most obvious option ( the one that i would choose in your place ) is to just stay in 2g mode when in the city . since the signal is so bad you drop calls i would guess that data speeds are slow and dropping too . you will also gain in battery life beacuse the phone will not be constantly searching and droping signals . in any case i would consider changing the carrier if there is a better option where you live .
if you constantly get a poor 3g signal , you may want to switch the signal preference to favor 2g instead of 3g . here 's a way to do it on ics : in dialer , press *#*#4636#*#* go to ' phone information ' swipe to this ' set preferred network type ' assuming it is ' wcdma preferred ' , change it to ' gsm auto ( prl ) ' this setting will change its signal quality threshold , allowing it to switch from 3g to 2g ' earlier ' . use at your own risk though . . . to address your question of automatically switching signal when you make a call , you might be able to hammer something out on tasker if you are so inclined ( i may give it a try later to satisfy my own curiosity xd ) . one problem is forsee though , is that i believe it takes a bit of time to switch signals , so it might affect your call ( or its quality ) .
i think i have got the solution to your problem , rather our problem . i have been facing this issue for a couple of weeks now , during which i was not able to make any calls when my network mode is set as wcdma or gsm/wcdma auto . i called up my network operator , and they were able to provide me a solution . in the call settings menu , inside additional settings , there is a setting for displaying the caller id in outgoing calls . i had changed this setting to ' hide number ' , and that was the reason i was not able to make any calls in the wcdma mode . after i changed it to ' network default ' or ' show number ' , i was able to make calls even in the wcdma mode . : ) hope this helps you too .
yes , there is an api for that ( the class is android.net.TrafficStats ) . it was added with api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) . as you can see below , it offers both rx and tx bytes in total , only accounting mobile or per app ( added in api level 14 , note that with an equal uid count as one ) . this is an excerpt , see the link below for all methods . static long getmobilerxbytes ( ) static long getmobiletxbytes ( ) static long gettotalrxbytes ( ) static long gettotaltxbytes ( ) static long getuidrxbytes ( int uid ) static long getuidtxbytes ( int uid ) . . . api-source : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/net/trafficstats.html implementation for the " data usage " view : here final long foregroundBytes = entry.rxBytes + entry.txBytes;  ps : the carriers also count udp traffic that just leaves their end but never arrives , such as rtp streams where the phone loses the carrier but the whole video gets streamed anyway .
as you have got root on your device , that should be possible by synchronizing time via ntp . for details , see e.g. time server for android . remaining question , though , is whether this would really override other time settings of the device ( e . g . using your mobile network provider 's time , which android might use by default – see nitz and where time information is received from the network ? ) if they differ too much . this might be avoided by : in settings→date and time , disable automatic time adjustment install one of the apps mentioned in time server for android to take care for it setup your own " fake-time-server " make that " fake-time-server " the one to be used by the app from 2 .
according to gsmarena , this phone does not support usb-on-the-go .
by far the easiest way to do this is to use firefox as your web browser everywhere , and then use firefox 's built in sync functionality . this will ( optionally ) sync not just your bookmarks , but also your history , your saved passwords and your preferences , and let you see the recent tabs you have had open on different machines . start by installing firefox for android , then on your pc go into firefox 's options , click the sync tab and run through the wizard to set up sync and the encryption key . then open firefox on your android device and you should see a prominent option to set up sync that will involve copying a short authentication code between your phone and pc copies of firefox . after that it will start pulling all of the info down from your pc to your phone ( you may want to make sure you are on wifi for this first sync ) . for a clearer guide , with pictures , see this page on the mozilla support site how do i sync firefox between my desktop and mobile ?
maybe turning data enabled to off ( mobile network settings on cm9 ) might help . in that way , it'll sync only when wifi is available .
what this means is that google decrypts as it streams so that if a file is cut off from streaming midway through , there is still a secure decrypted part remaining thus limiting the damage to the file if it is intercepted . this guy works for google so i think he know whats he saying ( gapps ) / websites used : http://www.quora.com/google-drive/what-does-settings-streaming-decryption-do-for-the-google-drive-android-app
goggle drive gives you some security options regarding your documents : you can choose to encrypt all offline documents ( that is , documents stored on your device ) ; and can also choose to decrypt documents incrementally as they are streamed to your phone , by selecting the Streaming Decryption , thus having just a small portion of the document decrypted when accessing it . kinda like watching a compressed video . sadly enough could not find any official documentation to support my answer on google , but here 's some relevant links : access and edit files with google drive google drive - view files offline in the google drive android app
there are holo themes available for the t-mobile/cyanogenmod theme chooser . if you have the theme chooser you just download a holo theme from the market select it . you can find out more about cyanogenmod ( has the theme chooser built in ) here .
there is luks manager which is available in the play store . it also requires your device to be rooted , however . it is also open source . i have not tried it myself however , so i can not comment on how well it works . the closes you can get without a rooted device is probably full disk encryption .
there are many available choices , depending on the features you need : cryptonite uses encfs and requires root luks also requires root and provides on-the-fly encryption ( aes by default ) to virtual folders eds provides encrypted containers and does not require root . it even is compatible to truecrypt . droidcrypt can encrypt single files or full directories . no root needed . encryption manager is a file manager providing file encryption support , and so is andisk filescrypter supports encrypted files and folders and many more . just check the examples , and take a look at the " also recommended " stuff on their market pages to find more .
go to System settings &gt; Storage &gt; Upper right button: USB computer connection &gt; Media device (MTP) .
these steps can be follow in android : kitkat version to switch from media device to camera or vice versa . . . connect your device with the computer . it will automatically detect the usb connection . there are two ways to redirect to settings of media device/camera . in case of no usb connection detect please check the cable or driver for device . from notification . there is notification at notification screen . connected as camera/media device . it will redirect to usb computer connection . or in another settings--> storage--> navigation right button --> usb computer connection > media device ( mtp ) / camera ptp . hopes it will help you .
the files on the sd card are most likely there from the previous handset . android will not automatically move any files when it detects a new sd card .
are files that were heretofore stored on the xoom automatically moved to the sd card ? no , files that were already on your xoom 's storage are not moved anywhere unless you manually choose to move them . i note i also have a folder named /mnt/external1 ( sdcard ) directory . any idea what is what here ? the /sdcard directory is a portion of the xoom 's internal memory that is used as world-writeable storage . since the xoom uses mtp , it is not a physically separate partition like it might be on other devices , but it is treated differently than other portions of the internal storage ( for example , it is accessible over usb ) . /mnt/external1 is the physical microsd card that you inserted into the xoom . it exists and operates completely independently of the xoom 's internal storage ( i.e. . /sdcard ) . if you had any leftover files from your smartphone saved on your microsd card then they will should be in the /mnt/external1 directory . in other words , putting a microsd card in a xoom effectively gives it two separate external storage locations .
the mdm solution can require that you set a pin . the google apps device policy app , for example , can require you to set a pin . this is described in the google device policy for android if you want more details .
thanks @eldarerathis the link to the video helped me get rid of it . to get rid of it , i had to double tap the " halo " and move to the x area just as you would when getting rid of apps from the launcher .
it turned out she was trying to get into her accounts via a web browser rather than apps . she needed to include an " m " in the url to get the mobile version of her sites . thanks for the input everyone .
though i do not have an answer to your question - i suggest you check powertutor ( at powertutor . org ) and see if it helps in the interim and/or long term
you are doing this on the web inside of gmail , right ? i did not see the groups included in the vcf file either . but they do seem to be included if you export it as a csv . is it possible that you can use the csv instead ?
do you have pc companion installed ?
this is normal , because google search offers its own predictions/corrections . it is kind of silly , but that is how it works .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
as aureljared already mentioned , proper configured mtk devices populate their recovery and boot partitions in /dev/recovery and /dev/bootimg . just dd from there .
you will not find anything about this in the man page on your desktop , nor the usage information for adb because this is not an adb command . remember that adb shell foo starts a shell on the device and runs the command foo there . it would be like looking in the ssh man page to find out what ssh myserver rm -rf * does . the command you want help with is ime list , and it only exists on the device , not your desktop . running adb shell ime ( with no further arguments ) prints out the usage information for this command . " enabled " in this description does not refer to the " enabled " field in the manifest ( that is , the one printed out under ServiceInfo ) , but rather whether the ime is turned on in the settings . it might be a little confusing to have two different things called " enabled " , but do not forget that adb is a debugging tool for programmers , who are expected to understand such things . end-users should not need to run this command , since the list of imes is accessible through the device settings . from this description , if you get output with ime list -a but not ime list , that tells you that no input methods are currently enabled in the settings .
simple idea is to type the required message in any text editor on phone ( or in any messaging app itself / or write a gmail and save as draft ) and then take a screenshot of the text and send it over to the intended people !
this should be available . check to see if you have facebook selected by choosing accounts from the menu in your address book .
it is worth an attempt to try it . however you will risk the chance of bricking the device . most of the time roms are created for specific phones because they have specific radios that work with the carrier . among other aspects . it would be very important to know exactly what phone you had and what rom you intended to use .
it stopped to ask my password after about 4 reboots , or 4 days . i do not know what was causing the problem .
if you enable usb debugging in the developer options , the phone 's " usb connected ! " screen does not popup anymore : )
not a cyanogenmod user , but have you checked under Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , or Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings ?
it is usually under settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging
if you want to disable all notifications that pop up when you connect your usb cable go to the " menu " then " notifications " then touch " usb connection " then change the settings to " charge only "
you could use tasker to handle the proximity thing . additionally have you tried clicking the power button ?
what problem are you thinking of reporting it for ? if you are going to report it because this is against admob 's terms of use ( i have not checked , but this sort of thing is normally against most ad network 's rules . then they do not seem to be open to much contact from people without admob logins , but you can try their contact page , which has twitter and facebook accounts listed . if you think that this makes the app itself annoying , then find its page on the play store and write a review and give a rating reflecting that , to warn other people who may be thinking about using the app . if this causes a real problem with the app , or seems to be malicious in some way , then if you have the app installed , you can go into the play store on your device , go into the my apps list , find the app , scroll to the bottom of its page , and then you should see a " flag as inappropriate " link to report the app to google .
there is a pretty bad method using adb shell input tap , get the coordinates for enable tethering and substitute adb shell input tap or navigate to enable radio using adb shell input keyevent . just have a look at , adb shell input again this confines to a particular device .
try the setprop command below : setprop sys . usb . config rndis , adb
use sms backup and restore assuming those are both android phones and you should not need to deal with a .nef file .
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
this is not version of cm - it is cm code name of device . depending on your device you should download needed release .
quadrant is not a very good benchmark , beacuse the results vary a lot . try running it four times in a row and you will be surprised . antutu benchmark is much more reliable . do not worry about benchmarks though , they do not tell the whole story on real performance of the device anyway .
assuming you are in the united states it is just a matter of days before you get your 2.2 update which comes with flash . i do not believe any other aftermarket player will decode flv files for you at this time .
you can install flash by these steps the first step is to download flash_for_21 . zip to your computer and extract the . apk file . now navigate to the market and install “apps installer” utility to your phone . now connect your android phone to the computer and copy . apk file to your sd card . make sure that it is in sd card root and not in a sub folder . after this launch “apps installer” on your phone and follow the on screen instructions to install flash_for_21 . apk file . after installation is complete , simply reboot your phone and there you go ! you now have flash 10.1 on your phone . get flash for 2.1
there is an alternative browser , skyfire , which purports to support at least some flash videos on android 2.1 . it should be available in the market .
the fact is that android is open enough for every dev to do whatever they want . there are some specific places certain stuff goes like the media folder and the . android_secure folder , as an example . the good news is that you can do a lot of cleaning up yourself by just browsing in there but be careful you do not delete data files and db 's for apps still installed . hth
you cannot restrict where the applications write the data on the sdcard . you can go and delete what ever you want on the sdcard , but it may be data for an application . if you move it , the application will think it has been deleted or does not exist , and it will just create the data in the same place again . google recommends applications use the /sdcard/android/data/ folder , but if the application has permissions to write to the sdcard , they can write where ever they want on it . some applications were created before the recommendations , others may not know the recommendation , and others may not care for what ever reason . the " standard " is the following for non-application specific data : music/ podcasts/ ringtones/ alarms/ notifications/ pictures/ movies/ download/ and then application specific is : Android/data/&lt;application&gt;
a number of 3rd-party " social " apps have this feature . personally i use tweetdeck . when internet connection is not available , it will save my tweet , and throw a notification saying that it will be sent when connectivity is re-established .
dalvik does effectively limit the maximum size of a program , in terms of the number of java classes and methods you can have . i do not know any emulators written in java , so i do not know if they would be too big or not , but that reveals a more important point : you would not write an emulator in java anyway . most emulators are written in c or c++ , often with the crucial parts in the assembly language of the host platform for maximum efficiency in the inner loop . you would do this on android just like on any other platform : android apps do not have to be written in java . if you do not write the emulator in java , it does not matter what dalvik can and can not do . so there is no reason at all you could not have a ps2 emulator on android .
it is not a matter of dalvik being incapable of running certain types of programs , it is a matter of performance . any runtime system based on non-native bytecode ( e . g . dalvik , jvm , .netclr ) incurs some performance overhead in translating the bytecode into a form that the cpu can run . for most apps this is not a problem , since most apps do relatively little cpu work and spend most of their time just waiting for input . but an emulator is typically a cpu-intensive program , so it is often better to implement it using native code , which does not incur the overhead of running on dalvik .
this is a known " bug " with android ( it is probably intended behavior ) . the language , locale , and related settings are all linked and cannot be changed independently . google apparently decided that people who read italian want to see numbers for dates . i do not believe this was changed in 2.3-gingerbread so i guess there is no fix yet : (
i believe you are describing the difficulties associated with the automatic introduction of shortcuts by google play to the home screen . this is indeed dependent on the download order you personally control . the problem you are describing is common to new users of a tablet or smartphone , and indicates the need to become familiar with the techniques of 2 separate applications : google play , and the launcher that controls your home screen . on the devices i am familiar with , there is no automatic resorting function of shortcuts on launcher screens . google play is the easiest to control , by starting its app and exploring the settings menu . you probably have enabled " add icon to home screen " . as apps are downloaded by google play , their shortcuts are added to the home screen . as each fills the available space on the grid , additional screens are created to accept new ones . they are maintained in the order the apps are downloaded . you may turn off this setting , or , based on your new understanding , capitalize on this action . i personally have it disabled , and create shortcuts manually , leaving myself a tightly-controlled layout . these shortcuts can be shifted , deleted , and added manually from the launcher , which controls the home screen . press and hold them and they will follow your drag movement to new spaces , or to the trash icon to delete them , or carried to other screens by dragging them to the screen margins , and waiting for the screen to shift in until it becomes the active one . it will accept its new location when your finger is removed , indicating it is dropped as to your preference . some experimentation is acceptable , and the techniques will strengthen within minutes . to add a new shortcut , while on the specific launcher panel , open the app drawer , which will open to your alphabetic list of apps . press and hold , and possibly drag , the specific app to create a new shortcut at your desired location . find specifics to your device in this user guide . chapter 1 clarifies the use of the home screen and recent apps .
please search " launcher " in the google play store . pick one you like . almost all of them do alphabetical sorting by default . nova launcher , apex launcher , smartlauncher are some examples of what you will find when you search on google play store . what a launcher does is basically it changes visual layout of your icons and widgets . if you do not like a particular launcher , you could easily revert to previous or original layout simply by uninstalling it .
winamp for android also has a sync music capability . you would however need to install winamp on your pc and configure it accordingly .
you could try style jukebox . it is a cross-platform music app that stores your music and playlists in the cloud and lets you listen to it on all your devices . it is like dropbox for music and you start from 2000 songs for free . you can get style jukebox at get-jukebox . com
playing with words : if you want a folder to sync , have you tried foldersync ? should be perfect for this purpose . you can sync entire folders between your pc and your android device , and also use different cloud storage services . thanks to an integrated tasker/locale plugin ( in the full version ) , you also can automate it to your wishes . but even without tasker/locale , it offers user specified sync interval or specific sync times .
it could also be that windows 7 or the bios disabled that usb port . . . possibly due to something power related . have you switched the usb port you are plugged into ? possibly try switching to another usb port .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
it is also possible that you have damaged some of the pins on the device 's micro usb connector . if connecting it to another computer with another cable does not works i could recommend you to contact your dealer for repair : )
as another possibility ( although you mention that you did not change anything on the pc ) : i had a similar problem once when i still had my palm desktop software ( and synchronization software ) installed on my pc . after a log of searching i found out that the palm sync software used the comm4 port on my pc . for some reason , the usb connection between my galaxy s and my windows 7 pc used the same port . once i uninstalled the palm software , the usb connection worked flawlessly . maybe more technical people at this forum can explain why , but that is what i found out .
as far as i understand you can not launch an apk with arguments of that sort . the comments on the page you link to seem to indicate that it is not supported on android , as well . i find it odd that the instructions appear to be specifically for chromium if it was meant to work on all webkit browsers .
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
can you turn on " install from unknown location " in the applications panel ? if so , i keep some apks in my dropbox folder .
you can also use adb to push the file onto your phone .
no , you cannot add custom keys on the default android keyboard . but what might work is keyboard shortcuts . you can create shortcuts like when you type " yt " option to change to " you there " will appear . so may be you can create keyboard shortcut that when you type " ms1" it will change to ₭ . to create keyboard shortcut : go to settings -> language and input -> personal dictionary tap the “+” sign in the top-right corner of the screen and create your shortcut . now , go to the messaging app , compose a new message , and tap one of your new shortcuts—and when you do , the phrase you entered will appear in the row of auto-correct options just above the keyboard . tap the phrase to add it to your message . more details on keyboard shortcut is here : http://heresthethingblog.com/2012/12/04/androidiphone-tip-create-custom/
thanks to the beautiful hint above from eldarerathis , i just do DB=/data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db echo 'select address,body from sms;' | ./sqlite3 -csv $DB  to read my smses from my root prompt . since i did not have sqlite3 , i first had to download it with curl http://dl.dropbox.com/u/16958605/sqlite3 chmod a+x sqlite3  or see sqlite3 installer on google play ( if you do not trust the dropbox source ) .
use experitest ' s seetest to control , and watch your device 's screen on the pc screen .
this is really ugly , but you can read them from the command line by using sqlite3 to view the database entries . you will probably need to dig up a binary for this unless you have a custom rom installed . there are some instructions for installing said binary in this stack overflow question , and superoneclick comes packaged with it ( a copy of the binary itself can be found here ) . if you do need to install the binary , use mount ( with no parameters ) to determine where your /system partition is physically located ( mine is /dev/block/mtdblock3 , for example ) . then follow the instructions in the first link above , and start by remounting it in read/write mode with the command : mount -o rw,remount /your/system/partition /system  once you have sqlite3 you will want to open an adb shell , switch to root with su , and then do the following : this will pull up all of the rows from the table for all of the unread messages . the columns in the table are defined thusly ( so you can trim the SELECT ) : ***note for the marked line : this may be slightly different depending on your device and version of android which is why i have included this cd command separately . i think it used to be com.android.providers/telephony/databases on older devices but i do not quite remember . use ls to look around for the proper pathing here . alternatively , you could try copying the . db file onto your sd card ( or pulling it with adb pull ) and then reading it on your computer with sqlite .
modern email clients are often able to detect the email server settings just from the username / password tuple . if you are suddenly asked for an protocol ( and possible outgoing/incoming mail server settings ) then you should look them up on your mail providers homepage . e.g. , a quick google search came up with this page for bell canada .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
free solution : i have had success with a fraction of a drop of water or oil over the lens of the camera on my zte score . it causes bar codes close to the camera to be in focus , and they read reliably . enough to form a convex surface , but not so much that it drops off . the zte score has a smooth back ; i dip my finger in oil and , with the lens aimed up , touch the back of the phone where the lens to put a droplet of oil on it . then i can turn the phone face up ( lens down ) and i can scan bar codes . if the outer surface of your camera lens is not flat , this likely will not work , but it is worked with my zte score and should work with most low-end ( fixed focus ) phones . a clear convex on one side , flat and sticky on the other side piece of plastic would do the trick too ; i recall seeing stick-on rubber feet that would have served well , but have not seen ' em and have not tried that . i got tired of doing this every time i wanted to scan a barcode , and just ordered a macro lens .
( i will address your 2nd edit below . . . ) some cheap camera modules do not include an auto focus feature , i.e. they are fix-focus'ed to infinity . barcode scanners need a near focus though and cannot ( or hardly ) scan the resulting blurry images that result from infinity-focused fix-focus cameras . the only way around this would be to attach a macro lens specifically designed for smartphone cameras ( also works with fix focus ) . search for smartphone macro lens to see some samples . i already tried that once with an older ( also fix-focus ) sony-ericsson xperia x8 and it worked back then .
as i know , if you put set the distance between the phone and the bar code , far enough to there is no need for auto-focus , the phone should recognize it , but in some cases the bar code distance maybe far from the specific rectangle by the app , so will not be recognized , so in this case this situation will differ from phone to another , and btw i had this case in past , and never worked for me .
i have u8160 huawei phone 3mp no auto focus it works just fine and you must have the light coming from the side not from the back because the back light gets interrupted by the phone
try deleting ( forgetting ) the wireless connection first . sometimes security information ( wpa/wpa2 ) related to the connection is cached and is no longer relevant . when the security information does not match , the connection can be shaky . if this is a pervasive issue ( all wireless connections ) delete ( forget ) all wireless connections , and open the app in app manager and delete all cached data .
actually every apple device i saw , only charges on apple 's chargers and macs , so i think the port is ' modified ' to be used with apple devices , something to identify that the charger is from apple but when we talk about android , anything with > 4.5 volts will charge the phone , but it depends on the charging current , plus , i have a tablet that does not charge on pc because my pc gives around ~350 , but that is for a tablet , the original charger is around 2a , the tablet puts a red " mark on the battery to tell you it is not charging , but actually it is charging but the current is less then the usage . . actually i notice it to charge some percents after hours , and if you turn the device off , it will charge but a bit slow conclusion android : will charge on > 4.5 even if it says not charging apple : need the charger to be verified that it is from apple before it can charge note : i am not pretty sure about apple devices because i have not used much , maybe someone will correct me or maybe help you better
my experience is that it does matter , but it is not so simple , because not all android devices are the same . some android devices will charge just fine from an apple charger , some will charge slowly ( regardless of amperage ) , and some will not charge at all . plus , i have found that there is some variability among the apple chargers . for example , i have a couple of scosche usbc202m dual 10 watt car chargers that are pretty nice ; they are mainly designed for iphones , and they work fine on my wife 's iphone , and on my lg g2 ( at the full rate , as monitored by android tuner pro ) , but my samsung galaxy tab 3 does not even register it as being connected , even using a charge-only cable or adapter . yet i have another car charger , also made mainly for iphone , that works on all 3 devices . i suspect that many newer android devices may now be compatible , where they were not in the past , although i have no evidence of this . traditionally , and perhaps currently to some degree , android devices will not charge at currents above 500 ma ( usb standard ) unless you use a charge-only cable , which shorts together certain pins to force it into higher current mode . so , the bottom line is , it may work fine , it may work at reduced current , or it may not work at all , depending on brand . much of the time , when people say it works for their device , they do not have a clue whether it is working at full output .
yes they are . they may charge normally , charge slower , or not charge at all .
short answer unfortunately , the answer is that you can not make it work . ( at least , not without modding your nexus 7 ) long answer as jeff says in his comment : i can confirm unlike some other android devices i have used standard volume control headphones that work with iphones and many other mobile devices , including android do not work on the nexus 7 . this is a hardware issue as far as i can tell according to the crossfade lp product page , the volume controls are only for apple devices : universal compatibility and microphone communication lp comes with 2 cables for universal compatibility with all modern mobile and audio devices . the 3-button remote microphone cable is designed for the latest apple devices , including iphone® , ipad® , ipod® , and macbook series . the long audio-only cable and 1/4" adapter is universally compatible with all audio devices and professional equipment . ( emphasis mine ) in order to understand how these headphone volume controls work , i asked about this over on electrical engineering stack exchange , and it appears that this relies on the switches presenting a fixed resistance between the ground and the microphone input . thus this technique requires ( at a minimum ) a 4 pole ( trrs ) jack , rather than a standard 3 pole ( trs ) jack as is used in the nexus 7 . note while that the asus nexus 7 spec suggests that it has a headset jack ( i.e. . headphone and microphone ) , google have confirmed to at least one person that this is incorrect , and the nexus 7 only has a headphone jack . as such , the volume controls are not intended to work with ordinary headphone sockets such as the one on the nexus 7 . i am not sure how you got it to work with windows xp/7 unless the headphone socket on your windows machine was also a headset jack and also supported this volume control technology ( or you are running them virtualised on a macbook , in which case os-x will be taking care of it for you ) .
based on the testing of other users on chainfire 's usb host diagnostics site , there is no usb otg support for gt-b5330 . see also : how can i determine if my device has usb host mode ( otg ) support ?
can you take a look at the sim and phone sim socket if they are oxidized/dirty/greasy ? if that is the case , you can clean it with a cotton cloth dipped in ethylene alcohol . if the sim socket pins are somehow are pushed down , that could be also an issue .
try pushing or more like adding a piece of paper on top of the sim card ! else , try to contact the company . if you have installed the rom your self , i mean by rooting and getting a new rom . then you might be in an issue ! as there are many roms that have slight issues . try going to that forum again from where you got the rom and contact the person who provided . i read its sony , so why not use a rom made by sony ? sony roms wont have an issue at all !
use Factory Reset to reset your phone to its factory settings .
generally , you need to follow the max external sd card size limit . otherwise , your phone might not be able to read the bigger-sized sd card . source : comments on using 64gb card on samsung galaxy note 10.1
jelly bean unfortunately , there is no setting that you can enable to show battery percentage on the system icons tray . without using an app , all you have is : battery indicator on the top right corner of your screen . access to the battery settings , level and usage details : go to : settings > device > battery app using the battery app by macropinch available from google play store , you are able to get the percentage on your status bar :
the only one i am aware of is that has is very reputable is called redlaser barcode scanner : http://redlaser.com/ here is the google play store link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ebay.redlaser
as already described in above comments , this would require taking a screenshot and saving it as an image file . havind done that , there are several barcode scanners available in the playstore supporting " loading " of barcodes from image files , as e.g. qr barcode scanner or mentioned google goggles . i do not know of any barcode scanner capable of " scanning your screen directly " . edit : qr droid seems to be capable of what you are looking for : scan qr codes from your camera , browser , sd card , or saved image
i am frequently using manatee works ' barcode scanners ' app towards such a purpose . here 's the google play store demonstration application link , recently updated : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.manateeworks.barcodescanners the app supports wide variety of 1d/2d codes , scans very fast and its free . the only downside is that the option to manipulate with the results are few , namely either copy or email , because its a mere demonstration .
create a playlist file with the correct sequence and open it on the device . it will then play in the order given in the file .
sounds like a database got corrupted , but perhaps it is just cache . try clearing your cache via clockworkmod recovery if you have it or an app like this if you do not . running " fix permissions " in cwm or rom manager might also help if you are rooted . if that does not work take a look at your logcat and see if there are any errors that are more clear about what the problem is . otherwise i would probably opt for a factory reset ; unfortunately , i do not think it would be easy to track down what exactly was corrupted without more info .
the update is ota - so if you are scheduled to receive it for your device ( which i believe you should have ) - you should go to settings > > about > > system updates - and check for an update . you may need to update your device to 2.3.5 to receive the update .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
the option to add a new apn is in System Settings-&gt;More-&gt;Mobile Networks-&gt;Access Point Names then press the menu button and select add . if that setting is not there ( and it should be ) , then you will not be able to add an apn without root , as the ' bug ' that allowed apps to add and edit apn 's was fixed in android 4 .
use tweakker app for apn editing . it has different carriers and networks in it . it will tell you how to setup your apn .
it seems that the save option for apn is not active on android 4.1.1 ( at least when you have zero apn previously stored . but after creating a new apn and filling parameters , if you shut down completely the device , ( and do not try to activate save option through the button , act that would erase all parameters introduced ) , it will be saved somewhere . you will be able to access to your newly stored apn after restart ( and pin unlock your sim card ) . this works with upstream settings set with modempoweron , data-enabled and itinerance enabled
i have been told by verizon that it is a bug on the samsung note 2 and s3 after jelly bean . verizon / samsung are working on a fix so you can modify the apn in near future . verizon did not intend a deliberate prevention on their part ( confirmed by the fact verizon htc droid incredible 2 running android does allow you to modify the apn and works perfectly for calls/text/data overseas ) . i have both so i should know roll on a fix fast . . . .
i am having this problem too after inserting local sim . calls and texts are ok , i need to configure an apn for internet . a verizon global support technician told me that it is beyond verizon 's control to add an apn and that samsung will need to provide directions on how to do this . i got online to chat with samsung and the guy told me he can not help me on chat , i need to call this number : 1-888-987-4357 , mon-fri : 7 am - 9 pm ( cst ) , sat : 9 am - 6 pm ( cst )
this seems to be an attempt by verizon to cripple the data capabilities of the phone and force you to use their network . while in germany with a lidl ' s sim card , the data , text and voice all work when on a wireless network connection . once the sim card is connected to the lidl network alone , voice and messaging work , but not data . there is no way to access the apn page in the us or abroad and calls to verizon support indicate there are no plans to do so and there is no workaround . will try rooting the phone .
i am from the usa and have the verizon s3 with jelly bean . i am currently in the uk . used my usual uk vodafone sim card and it immediately worked for both voice and texts ( something it did not do when i was here in november before the jelly bean update ) . the reason it will not work at all in some countries is actually simply ( but major ) because verizon seem to have disabled the ability to modify or add an apn . it just so happens , in the uk , their default apn works ( for text and voice ) on the vodafone uk network . i have been here a week and text / phone all over the world . since i can not edit the apn though , i cannot set the settings needed for data . my wife has a verizon incredible 2 and her phone works in the uk for voice , text and data but only after i modiified the apn ( which the incredible allows ) . luckily , i brought my htc unlocked phone as well . i use that with a vodafone uk sim card in that as well ( sims are free ) plus a 5 pound top-up for 500mb data . i simply turn that into a mobile hotspot when i am outside and have my verizon s3 use wifi to that .neteffect is the same cost wise but it is a shame verizon missed this feature . no doubt it is a bug and the people i deal with in verizon ( business side ) at investigating . still . - now you know . it will work as a true global phone ( verizon rates ) . for 3rd party sim cards - it will now at last work as a phone/text in some countries . it will not work if you need to mod the apn to get any of the features for any country you are in - until verizon fix it .
how to add apn to verizon samasung galaxy s3 ( root required ) ( i found this from some forum while i was searching for how to add apn for my brothers verizon s3 . it worked 100% . all credits go to the guy who posted it there . i did not remember the address . and sorry for my bad english . by the way i am from maldives . ) go to market install buildprop editor once installed find and open build prop editor hit the menu button and select edit scroll to the bottom of screen and add the following lines ril.sales_code=LOL ro.csc.sales_code=LOL  hit the save button at the top right hand corner of the screen ( looks like a disk ) once this is done saving restart the phone after restarting go to settings> more settings> mobile networks> access point names> menu button> + new apn add desired carriers apn info , when finished hit menu button and save power down and change to your desired sim card if you had not already done so power back on and go to settings> more settings> mobile networks> access point names ( if done properly you should see the apn data you entered for your respective carrier ) . select the respective apn listing and then you should have working data congrats you can now natively add in any apn desired .
the galaxy tab 10.1 can make 2g/3g calls and calls over wifi with voip apps like skype or tango . the nexus 7 can only make calls over wifi with voip apps as i already mentioned . there would be no easy way of getting the nexus 7 to make 2g/3g calls as it would require adding a radio to the tablet .
samsungdive . com has nothing to with the " accounts and sync " options . samsung dive consists of a background app ( called utrack ) , an website (samsungdive.com) and an login/password , which allows you to remotely locate , lock and/or wipe some samsung devices . to pair your device with the samsung dive , enter your login data under Settings -&gt; Location and Security -&gt; uTrack  ( not sure if this is true for the galaxy mini , but that is where the setting is on the sgs )
i tried entering a password into the mobile tracker . when i did this , the window came up .
if you are unable to get it working cerberus would be a very good alternative . i use it , and it is flawless .
you might want to take a look at hacker 's keyboard : a full 5-row keyboard including arrow and esc/ctrl keys , intended for tablets . are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . it supports a bunch of keyboard layouts -- though i am not sure about the " special characters " being inserted using alt sequences . if you are mainly interested in being able to insert special characters ( and do not care whether they are bound to alt-sequences or selectable by other means ) , i would suggest to search the playstore for " charmap " . this will yield about 10 results , the topmost of them would match your needs .
if you have a google voice account , you could also head to http://voice.google.com/ and type your sms messages there . of course , have the google voice app on your phone so that you can sync your messages with your desktop . it works really well .
check out wifi keyboard -- allows you to use your desktop 's keyboard to control the android . nb : i have not personally tried this , but it looks pretty cool . aimed particularly at apps that require keyboard input , but still do not pop-up a virtual keyboard . . . . . . again , wifi , not bluetooth . aaargh . unless , you know , you get your pc to broadcast on bluetooth .
sms2pc will let you see , reply and compose sms messages on your desktop . all the message are synced back to the phone too . i tried it yesterday and it works great . wifi only , though .
android manager will let you do this as well . it connects over wifi to your phone to send and receive sms messages and it also allows other stuff to sync over wifi with your computer , for free . i have found this to be a great program .
bear in mind ; solution preseted next is very geek centric . . . . root the phone ; install vnc server on phone and vnc client on computer . connect either by usb or wifi ; and use remote desktop to send sms . :d p.s. yes , i know you probably wanted some sort of bluetooth usb
i have tried the wifi keyboard , and it is magic , all you have to do is , connect you handset to a wifi network . install wifi keyboard on your handset . on any text field , long press the field and choose input method ; wifi keyboard . instructions will pop , one screen of instruction . write the ip from your instructions screen on your handset on your pc 's browser . that is it , and it gets better , if you are a gamer , like me , you have a gaming mode option on the screen of your pc , choose it , and arrows will work for gaming , try it with doom for example . performance is biblical by the way .
" bluekeyboard jp " in the android market is an adequate free bluetooth keyboard driver . here 's my review and notes on special keys .
myphoneexplorer i have been using it for my se phone , and now for my android phone . getting it to work via bluetooth was a little tricky until i read the faq at the developer 's site .
log into your google account and click on contacts . then select all your contacts . now click on more => export => select all contacts => export format google csv . use the " find and replace " option in for instance excel to edit from +385 to 00385 .
this is apparently not currently possible . i am not the only person with this desire . there is an open issue at google ( issue 23176 ) . in one of my searches , i found someone who says they looked into the code for the phone app , and found that it is calling the messaging app directly without allowing the messaging intent , which is what would prompt me to choose the messaging app versus google voice to send the message . the app suggested by dymutaos looked somewhat promising , but i am concerned about its security . so , unfortunately , this very useful feature is currently useless to me . i hope they fix it in the not-too-distant future .
not yet , apparently there are hooks in the code called intents that are responsible for asking which app you would like certain tasks to be performed by . the quick responses did not have intents . they are there as of android 4.3 , but google voice has yet to update with a register for that hook . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=56090
google voice has the following option which sounds like it could do what you want , but only when texting to another gv number . this is according to the " learn more " text on the site ; i have not experimented to find its real capabilities :
you could try this app ( they have a limited free version ) . it is supposed to integrate google voice into the native messenger , so it may also work with the quick responses , depending on how android actually implements them .
once you have google voice setup , you could try simply going to settings> apps> all apps> mms . apk - and clear defaults . then , when you select a quick response , it should prompt you to use gvoice , instead .
you will need to install a custom theme using the t-mobile theme chooser ( it comes built into cyanogenmod ) . there is no way to do this in stock without modding your rom .
i found this really good tutorial , but its german . . . i translate : prepare phone , go to settings > apps and disable " fastboot " . shutdown phone , completely ( if you want to be safe , remove battery and plug it in back ) boot into fastboot mode ( press and hold voldown + power ) plug usb to phone , windows will show up a new device . if the driver is not installed properly , install it via device manager ( download driver here ) . now the device should show up as Android Sooner Single ADB Interface download this and navigate to RecoveryClockmodByZaDkYn and start Instalador.bat now open a command prompt , press any button . now the progress is started . if its finished , press any button again . now you have clockworkmod installed , download this file , copy it to your sdcard . boot into cwm , select install zip from sdcard and chose chose zip from sdcard select su . zip and press power to flash it ( you can navigate in the cwm with volumedown and up )
full rooting instructions for huawei ideos x3 ( u8510 ) are posted on this thread over at xda : download the automatic root enabler for the x3 . for more recent versions i suggest checking original thread and the forum it is in as i may not be able to update this thread all the time . install the latest usb drivers for the x3 . search for the latest version of " huawei android phones usb driver " from the huawei downloads site . turn on usb debugging from settings -> application -> development on the x3 . connect the x3 to your pc via microusb . run the automatic root enabler and it should start rooting your phone automatically .
have you checked that the idproduct value is correct ? run lsusb when the device is connected in fastboot mode to see the vendor id and product id and check if it matches . also , i think it is not supposed to show up on adb devices when in fastboot mode , try fastboot devices instead .
i do not know why it happened , but a good way to prevent it from happening again is to set your contacts to sync with your google account . this way whenever you add a new contact , it will be uploaded , and if the phone loses your contacts again , you probably will not even notice it , as they will be automatically downloaded back to your phone .
the answer is in the browser settings . in the default browser , this is found in Menu | More | Settings | Default Zoom . options are " medium " ( the default ) , " far " , and " close " .
as you have come to realize , official updates ( ota or manual ) will most likely patch previous exploits to obtain root and you will most likely lose root during the process of updating . it is recommend to not allow updates if you wish to keep root . certain mods , such as cyanogenmod , will automatically block ota updates to keep this from being a problem .
try uc browser it has both zoom and without zoom display settings .
i use dolphin broswer hd . it does not zooms on double clicking . you can try this .
i have never seen that particular caveat , but the most likely things i can think of : caches ( dalvik , in particular ) being rebuilt first-run scripts media scanner running : rebuilding thumbnails and indexes the worry may be ( particularly for first-run scripts ) that if you start putting an interactive load on the device , the os will kill those scripts that are running in the background . in addition , interactive performance will suffer while all these things are going on . rom authors would probably much rather have you go have a snack and come back to a phone ready to go rather than have your first interaction involve poor performance until the os is " warmed up " .
you do not need and app to do this . this is the basic " call waiting " feature . go to : settings -> call settings -> additional settings -> enable call waiting
check that you have the calendar selected : go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and Sync -&gt; [your Facebook account] and make sure Sync calendar is selected . on some phones there might be a builtin facebook sync which only takes care of the names , so if there is no Sync Calendar option , go to Add account and see if you have facebook under Integrated contact accounts and More accounts . if so , add the one from More accounts and check Sync Calendar . edit : the problem can be fixed by removing and readding both sync accounts , waiting for the phone to remove them in between .
titanium backup is able to read from nandroid backups , so you can use it to restore parts from them -- and then use titanium backup again to backup those restored parts . however , as there is no titanium backup for pc , this has to be done on an android device . if your goal however is to separate some apps from a nandroid backup , there are other ways to achieve this : nandroid copies the entire partition ( see : nandroid tag-wiki ) . so you could mount the images ( on linux , this should be no problem with the ext file systems at least -- see e.g. restore only part of nandroid image ) , or unpack them ( for yaffs partitions e.g. using unyaffs -- see my answer here ) . for completeness : there are also adb-style backups ( which again titanium backup is able to access ) . for these , you might want to take a look at e.g. android backup extractor and android backup splitter , and also my answer here on how to convert an adb backup into a tar file to investigate , using the perl adbbackuproutines from this xda thread .
google talk this will syncs to your gmail account . this offers free instant messaging to all your google contacts that you have invited to “talk” with . you can use the services within the gmail web page , or download google talk and install it on your computer or smart phone . google+ messenger originally called “huddle” , which is a sub service to google+ . the big difference with google+ messenger is that this is the instant messaging service that is synced to your google+ account , not your gmail account . people who are added to your “circles” are the ones that are able to be messaged with . one major difference with google+ messenger is that it allows people to have group chats . source
google have now integrated all of their chat and messaging services into one app on android , google hangouts ( not babble as was previously rumoured ) . from the app 's description : use hangouts on computers , android and apple devices . hangouts stay in sync across devices so you can start or continue them anywhere . in particular google talk , gmail talk , google+ messenger and google+ hangouts ( group video chat ) are all integrated in this . google voice is not fully integrated yet ( in particular sms integration may be " coming soon " ) , and you can opt out from receiving incoming calls through hangouts but as voice is still only available in the us it should not affect too many people . you may need to upgrade your gmail chat to the new hangouts experience by : hangouts works right inside gmail , where chat did before . you can upgrade chat to hangouts by clicking on your photo icon in gmail 's chat list . you may need to set up your google+ circles to allow members to message you . more info on the main hangouts page and in the hangouts help .
click the link and download downgrade and download the update , extract it read user manual in pdf and follow the instructions . http://huaweimobile.com.au/support/mobile-phones#top
likely you started the adb the first time as root , and now the device does not have the permission to write on $home/ . android/adbkey now you have to change the owner of that file ( and everything else in that directory ) $ sudo chown &lt;your_username&gt; .android/&#42;  and eventually : $ chmod 777 .android/&#42; 
seems to work for me -- here 's what i see : ( click image to enlarge )
depending on the phone , my biggest worry would be screen burn . i have a samsung galaxy s vibrant and i have screen burn at the top of my screen from the time and the notification bar . a screen like a super amoled is actually a lot easier to get screen burn then i thought it would be . it is actually pretty annoying now , i have to limit the background images i use , otherwise the burn is really noticeable .
based on the assumption that your router is working and you can use wi-fi . there could be two or more explanations to your problem : either your tab and your router are not compatible with each other , the port might be there but might need a higher network adapter compared to the one in your wwe10 tablet . there is a high possibility that your tabs network adapter is not working and that would mean you having it replaced . wwe10 tablets are known to have an ethernet ( lan ) adapter problem . what you could possibly do to remove this problem is have it flashed by an expert , or try doing it yourself using this how to guide . hope that will be helpful , good luck !
if you are using the default version of adw launcher that comes with cyanogenmod 7 then you can add a shortcut to your homescreen fairly easily . long press on an empty space on one of your home screens and then select Launcher Actions-&gt;Open/close notifications to add the shortcut . on older versions of adw you can also do this , but you have to use a " custom shortcut " instead . specifically , you long press on an empty space and then select Custom shortcut . then on the dialog that appears you press the Pick your activity button and select Launcher Actions-&gt;Open/close notifications . i am not aware of any way to make it appear in the homescreen menu , unfortunately . it is one of the only features i miss from sense .
if you want to change the status bars colors and icons , this video shows you how by modifying framework . apk . this video was done on a windows operating thus the particular method used may not apply to all operating systems . alternatives is downloading super status bar or status bar+ from the play market . they are both free but also have a paid version . for the toggle in the notification bar you wanted , heres notification toggle , and heres another free toggle buttons app called toggle settings .
get a rom that has whatever you are looking for in a notification bar .
if you are just looking for toggle buttons in the notification bar i would check out widgetsoid , it is a very full-featured app that will let you create widgets or notification toggles of whatever you want . if you are looking to change the way the notification bar looks , you will need to have root access and install a theme , which would void your warranty and is only for the highly technical user .
from what i have seen this is not generally very easy to do . i know that replacing the icons and such requires modifying the underlying framework-res.apk file , and i have never really seen anything that modifies the functionality of the bar itself ( aside from custom roms with custom frameworks and the like ) . i am not completely positive on this , however . if you just want to get the toggles , though , you could try an app like notification toggle . it says that it is a little bit hit-or-miss depending on the device , but i would imagine that the nexus s would be on the better end of the scale .
this is something that has to be enabled in the kernel . some custom kernels do implement this , depending on your device .
i talked to the developer and mediarecorder_voice_call works if properly implemented in phone firmware , however many disable it out of fear ( mostly in the us it seems ) . some ( like skvalex 's ) rely on root/alsa/kernel support , which is not for the masses . at the same time , even with proper voice_call support , bluetooth does not work because of android ( or linux ? ) limitation . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?can=2start=0num=100q=colspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20starsgroupby=sort=id=60323
sorry to inform you : but that is a limitation in the system itself . android simply does not allow this , and offers no api to record the " remote side " -- which is the reason it is hard to find any app doing so satisfactory . you will find several developer discussions on this topic , and it seems it turned out " being hard to work around that limitation " is a big euphemism .
qr droid private ( version 5.3.3 ) does not ask for contact list permission . after scanning a qr vcard , the app offers to add it to your list and fills in the contact form . it is up to the user to press " done " . a common sense solution , which makes me suspicious of the real intentions of all the apps that ask for contact permission .
here is qr droid private . it does not access your contact information . usually the reason they want contact access is because you can store contact information in a qr code . so when scanned , it sees that it is a contact and adds it to your contacts . without access to your contacts , it would not be able to do this . another reason is that some of the apps allow you to create qr codes from your contacts . it would need read permission to do this . here is an example of a vcard stored in a qr code : here is the data that is stored in there :
try using a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and can confirm that it does show word suggestions on other languages . for hebrew you would need to install the corresponding language pack as well .
the issue is that the play store falsely linked some apps to your account that you installed from third-party sources . this has been in some 3.5 . x version , and now it works as expected .
when you wipe your phone and re-install a rom , or switch to a new phone , you will be prompted to sign in with your google account . as long as you use the same google account , you will be able to find your purchased apps in the Market by pressing the Menu key and selecting My Apps , or something similar ( i believe they are named differently in different versions ) . from there you will be able to view and re-install previously purchased apps . note : this only works for apps you have spent money on . if it was free , it will not be stored on your account in this way .
if you are rooted , install Android Terminal Emulator fro play store and open a root shell . also make sure you use latest ( > 2.00 ) SuperSU to handle selinux . then type : su 0 setenforce 0 and see what happens . check with id . if that does not work , also try with : su system setenforce 0 . in aos > 4.3 , it is not enough to just be " root " ( uid=0 ) , you also have to use the right context .
it may due to wanam xposed 2.4.7 . an xda post states : the new wanam xposed v2.4.0 did auto activate " disable knox notifications " when knox apps are installed . with 2.4.1 he removed " knox disabling at boot " .
this is okay . it is not seems to be a malware . android_system has to run with su permission . supersu is just " being nice " to notify you that . and , as u told installed supersu ( otherwise blank system )
this walkthrough is the best i have seen on restoring an evo 4g and removing root . it walks you through , step by step , and gives you everything you need . and yes , rooting or roms could have caused the problem . if the rooting done in a way that manipulates the Wimax partition and source , you may be in for trouble . also , some roms simply do not support the evo 's 4g radios , such as the aokp ics roms .
root access is unlikely the problem , but you can go back to stock and see what happens . best and surest way back to stock is flashing a . sbf . the . sbf is the stock image provided by the retailer . if you are on windows , you will need rsd lite to flash i believe . if on linux or os x use sbf_flash . you will also need the . sbf for your particular device , but i am not sure where the evo images are ; google can probably help . but again , i would blame the network before an issue from root .
first , try to decrypt the encrypted vault on your pc/mac using other encryption software ( presuming , you have its password and encryption key ) . the encrypted vaults are generally universally compatible , but not necessarily . if it does not work for you , setup an android emulator ( virtual android phone ) using android sdk . enable android market in it . install supervault and dropbox using market . use dropbox to download vault file in its virtual sdcard . decrypt files and withdraw them using dropbox .
the simplest way would be to use bluetooth or to email the apk to your tablet . you can use adb as suggested by @claire swinson if your device is detected .
can you use adb to copy or install the apk file on the samsung tablet ? for example : $ adb push my_app.apk /mnt/sdcard  or $ adb install my_app.apk  i do not have a galaxy tab so i do not know whether /mnt/sdcard is the correct location on that device . edit : oops . forgot to say that when you connect your device via usb select the charge only option - do not mount the sd card !
you can also use dropbox to move a file onto the device . this will require minimal setup and provide an easy way to push future files to the tab
the simplenote website actually lists some android clients . click the link and scroll down to " mobile " , where you will find 4 or 5 of them listed . i tried evernote myself , and had the worst experience . i have a droid 2 , and the notes were not reliably syncing to my pc . the evernote customer service is the worst i have ever experienced in my life . they do not allow a dialogue with their people . they close your case before your problem is solved . it is a real mess . that is why i am giving simplenote a try . good luck !
simplenote is updating all of their apps , and that also means that they have released an official android app . the official app does not require an account to use ; you can take and store notes locally on your device before signing up to the free service for cloud syncing . although third-party apps were previously available , the official option is a welcome one that gives android users an experience in line with the ios app . simplenote 's expansion to android comes just over half a year since wordpress owner automattic bought the service , pledging to improve its mobile apps . simplenote on google play
mnote works well , simple . andronoter ( never tried it but it is ad free ) both are free . i have never used it on an iphone so i do not have a basis of comparison . i also do not use simplenote much anymore because i have consolidated to just evernote . i also preferred 3banana to simplenote but in the end opted for evernote .
probably the easiest way to do this is not with another phone , which would need specialist software for each app you want to control , but with a bluetooth gamepad such as a ps3 controller . connect the gamepad to the nexus 10 using bluetooth , and then you can use the gamepad to control any app , including google play movies . " any app " is a slight exaggeration : some apps might not entirely work properly just with d-pad controls , especially if they have custom controls . but most apps should just work fine , and some have special functionality to make them easier to use with gamepads ( such as navigating between screens with the shoulder buttons ) . the one thing you might have trouble with is adjusting the volume . since that is controlled with physical keys , it is hard to get at through the gui with the d-pad . but if your nexus 10 is connected to your tv , you can change the volume of the tv with its remote instead .
in app updates ( host files etc ) : basically because you are in an arms race agains the advertising / app developers . the developers want you to see the advertising , as this is one of their sources of income . they are also aware of ad-block , adaway , adfree etc etc and are constantly trying new advertisers , new proxies and new methods of embedding the adverts in your application , website etc . in order to keep the adverts blocked , the application needs to update the host files and lists of blocked sites , proxies etc to keep functioning correctly . there should be a ' check for updates daily ' option , there definitely is in adfree android ( well recommended ) which you could use as an alternative to adblock plus . by default most of these programs seem to check for updates when the device is rebooted from scratch , and have a daily / weekly or such checkin also . you could go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; AdBlock and disable notifications also . you could , i gues , just dismiss the notifcation when it arrives , and update whenever suits you . leaving it go does mean adverts will start to creep back in over time , however . updates to the app itself : if the actual application ( i.e. . the apk ) itself has very regular updates then either the application needs to update to keep ahead of the advertising , which seems to be to be a bit of a flaw , or it is ( as you said ) in beta stages and needs constant tweaking . alternatively with so many new devices coming online , and kitkat released it may need all this fixing to ensure compatability . the simplest solution for either scenario , to my mind , is to get adfree android or similar and not worry about this at all !
android market has avim editor ( vi/vim ) . it is not free and has some poor reviews .
you could use the busybox version of vi . if you are rooted then you can get it from the market and it will install pretty trivially ( example ) . then you had just need to execute vi from a terminal and you are good to go . i do not know of any installers that do not require root , but there may be one floating around somewhere that will install to /data/local or something . alternatively , you can do it the " manual " way . the following should work fine on an unrooted phone : download a buxybox binary or build it yourself ( here 's a copy of 1.16.0 hosted on cyanogenmod 's wiki ) . copy the binary over to /data/local somehow . adb is easy if you have it set up - just connect your tablet and use : adb push /path/to/busybox /data/local . you could also put it on your sd card and then move it with a file manager . you may need to use chmod to make it executable , which can be done from either a terminal emulator or an adb shell - chmod 0755 /data/local/busybox should suffice . execute vi from a terminal with /data/local/busybox vi . of course , if you just want any ol ' editor you do not have to use vi . there are a bunch in the market .
mine does the same thing . you have to take it apart and put it back together .
1 . remove your battery . 2 . wait 5 min . 3 . put battery back to phone . 4 . switch on your phone
you simply cannot update this tablet to that firmware .
it is not that the locale is locked , it is just that it is only useful to change it to a language that is already on your phone . if the phone does not have a translation and other needed files for german , changing the locale to german will not have any effect . it is just like if you have a german phone and you install an app that is not translated into german : you will get the app 's default language . you can only add a new system language by installing a custom rom that supports that language , and as you have noticed , it is hard to find custom roms for chinese phones .
same here . it is just not supported . only the web interface allows it . on android only single photos work . btw , a little info text says copying will not count against your quota . so then it really is like a tag .
the " copy to album " icon disappears when you select a video as part of photos . so apparently you cannot copy videos to a new album on the phone . this makes sense because copying creates a new file which takes up as much space as the original file . videos can take up anywhere from 100mbs to 1000mbs . since both the space on the phones and the free space offered by google on google+ is limited , this may easily use up your available space . whether this is the reason or not , the fact stays true : the google+ photos app does not support copying videos to new albums . if you want to copy photos just skip the videos ( with the " play " overlay ) when selecting multiple files . if you still want to copy the videos , you can do so on the web at https://plus.google.com/photos . also , instead of copying videos and photos you could move them to new albums , that way you do not have multiple copies and leave more free space for other videos . both copy and move options are available on the web interface on top of the photo when you view individual photos/videos or select multiple ones on the grid .
short answer is no , there is no way to remove the " menu " overflow button from within apps in 4.4 , even on phones with a hardware menu button . this was an intentional change by google in kitkat to unify the interface across devices . it is possible to remove this overflow button with some os modifications , and many custom roms do offer a toggle for this . however , it requires rooting the device , unlocking its bootloader , and installing a 3rd-party modified os .
as long as you have gps switched on on your phone ( on a galaxy s the easiest way to do this is from the buttons that appear when you pull the notification bar down from the top of the screen ) and have gps switched on in the camera , you should see the " satellite receiver " gps icon appear and start flashing when you open the camera app . as long as you see this then your phone is trying to geo-tag your pictures . be aware that even in the best of conditions your phone can take 30 seconds or more to get a decent gps position locked , so wait a bit after you open the camera app before you take the picture . you can also speed up the gps lock by making sure that you have the assisted gps features switched on , see this previous question for details on how to switch those features on .
you can install the application tasker and use it to always enable gps when the camera is launched . enabling gps for apps that need it is one of the more common uses of tasker , but it does so much more than that . here 's an article with information : http://lifehacker.com/5599116/how-to-turn-your-android-phone-into-a-fully+automated-superphone
once i tested my location based android app while developing , i noticed it can take forever to get a location , when gps is on . when just ' location through network ' enabled , the location comes within seconds . use this anwer , when the answer of gathrawn doesnt satisfy you .
is there a standard reference for what the different tap patterns are supposed to do ? basically , what you have noted is how most bt headphones function with their buttons . is there a way to program the controls to achieve a consistent interface across applications ? no , since each app maker decides whether or how to implant/interpret bt controls . it can be quite annoying when playing from different apps and the pause button does not work . do all headphone manufacturers implement basically the same headphone controls , so that apps for manipulating one brand will work for other brands ? from my experience , owning several bt headphones , the buttons are always the same , but the placement is not . i tried finding a bt standard in hopes to find if the buttons are standardized , but i was not able to make any grounds .
i think that gives me a feel that your isp provider may have blocked some sites . why do not you try contacting your isp vendor ask for a resolution they have firewalls installed over their backend which i guess may be the reason you can not access the google . com or facebook . okay try installing some free proxy softwares and then try accessing the google . com or facebook . com if by that time it start working fine then i guess i was correct it is the problem with the isp end not your end .
well , i do not think you are going to get such notification if you are still unrooted user , i would say try checking again wether you are a rooted user or not ? ? try heading over the google play store and try searching for " root checker " download and install it will let you know wether you are a rooted user or not ! i believe that you may have accidentally rooted your device .
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
i found this topic useful : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1614827 and managed to update yakjuxw 4.0.4 to yakju 4.1.1 very smoothly with user-friendly toolkit mentioned in the first post of the topic . no need to root ! first , installed drivers on my pc ( using main menu command 1 ) unlocked bootloader ( main menu command 3 ) , will clear all your data downloaded and installed google 4.1.1 rom ( main menu command 9 ) optionally : re-lock bootloader with command 3 . less than half an hour work from installing the toolkit . everything is menu driven . afterwards , phone was synced to my google account , with all the contacts and apps reloaded . i was very impressed by the smoothness of migration .
firmware , in this case , means the os , since it is a preinstalled part of the core system . the method i used does not require root , but it is possible to root at the same time . i did not . this depends . in most cases , unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty if the warranty is read and interpreted letter-to-letter . however , you could install an official firmware and relock the bootloader to try to bypass this . i have upgraded my yakjuxw with this guide 's method #2 . everything went perfectly except for a few little tricks . first of all , if your phone is completely unmodified , you need to unlock your bootloader . this can be done by booting into the bootloader as explained in the post , and running fastboot oem unlock , navigating to " yes , unlock bootloader " with the volume keys and confirming with the power button . note : this will clear your phone , so you will need to copy the necessary files to your phone after this ! after this , reboot once so that the partitions are mounted correctly in cwm later . now follow the guide carefully , and you should be able to upgrade ( almost ) without any problems . my phone got stuck while booting for the first time , so after 15-20mins i rebooted the phone ( yanked the battery ) but had no adverse effects . at least my phone got the official 4.1.1 update today , so check for that after your first boot !
the motorola electrify m comes with a set of functions called smart actions , which can be deployed . a sample from their user guide is the silencing of the ringer when inside meetings . see the user guide here to find help in refining the criteria triggers , so that the ringer is restored . look for \control and customize\smart actions\help . like most trigger-based actions , each comes with some downside , so either some refinement , or complete disabling will solve your difficulty .
i use osmand which works well with offline maps ( osm ) . download offline map ( s ) once and after that no internet connection is required to use them . you can download the . obf-file of your location from this list of offline maps . or use the app to download . obf files directly to your device .
there is an excellent mapping app called locus ( website | app free | paid ) which has been around for ages and offers a whole lot more features than google maps . it supports offline map caching and it looks like you can download vector maps from here , topographical maps from here . having downloaded one of the vector maps , it seems to be using osm files , which have a whole load of viewers for the desktop .
yes , at least 4.0.4 stock image on my galaxy nexus does , though if more than 999 , it just displays 999+ ( same as inbox ) .
my galaxy nexus with stock ics 4.0.2 does show unread counts on my labels , like this when i click the labels icon at the bottom of the screen : possibly more important than the version of android you are running , is the version of gmail that you are runnning . the gmail app was last updated on 4th april 2012 , i am running v4.0.5 which i am pretty sure is the latest version . check which version you have by going into settings -> applications and finding gmail in the list . visit the gmail page in the play store ( on your phone ) to update , if not .
as you can see on the right , it contains the private data for all apps . if you want to delete these data , you can do it by uninstalling apps or by clicking " clear data " in the apps manager .
the kids place app ( free ) permits you to set up a locked screen with just the apps your kids are permitted to play ; just make certain that market is not one of those apps .
in the market settings you can add a pin to protect purchases ; that should lock them out effectively enough . i do not know of anything offhand to prevent all installs , though . i would assume you had need to be rooted for an app to intercept and prevent install attempts . if you are rooted , you could use something like titanium backup to back and uninstall the market , then reinstall it when your kids are done . that might be cumbersome as well though .
Android only supports Network Time Protocol (NTP) from Android 4.0 on and before it was NITZ/GSM only - certainly not in my opinion . the app clocksync which i use in my lg optimus one ( p500 ) running android 2.3.3 ( rooted ) works with ntp protocol . i did not rely on my gsm operator 's time settings as i found the deviation was unacceptable limits . please see the question inaccurate time ? how to fix it ? and its answer .
those permissions ( call , sms ) are in most cases used for " quick-access-widgets/shortcuts " the launcher provides . to create a call widget for a contact , the contacts need to be read , which again might need the account data in some cases to retrieve them . so all those permissions are obviously making sense in context of a launcher . of course this does not mean they cannot be abused . so i would either stick with a heavily used / well known app , or have additional protection ( pdroid , lbe ) . you explicitly mentioned apex , which i use on some of my devices . on others i use golauncher ex . i also use lbe to keep watch . none of these two launchers ever misused these permissions ( at least i never got a warning ) -- though i must admit i did not check all the logs thoroughly all the time .
i might not be 100% right , but as a launcher i think the permissions are for the following : directly call phone numbers : if the launcher has its own dialer , you need to give it permissions to be able to do calls , else you would end with a dialer that doesnt dial . access mail information , read your text messages ( sms or mms ) : same as above , launchers many times have direct access to your smss , so it can be either displayed or linked to your home screen . read call log , read your contacts : this has to do with the first one , if you let use it the dialer , call logs and contacts should also be used when trying to dial , else you would end having to type the entire number you want to call . find accounts on this device : i suppose this one refers to the google account if your contacts are stored there . so if the above permisions are for a launcher , you should not worry since they are pretty usual . as for the launcher root issue , i think its a jb issue . i am using the stock right now , but in ginger bread and ics i was using a non-stock launcher and could add widgets without problems .
you could turn on " usb tethering " , then run some media server like vlc carefully configured with rtsp streaming on your local server . then open up the stock browser on android , type in your local ip ( prefixed with rtsp:// protocol instead of http ) of the pc followed by the port number as set in vlc or equivalent . the android media player should launch if all is set and should start to play the video . the local ip must be the ip of the pc running vlc or equivalent media server . you will need to find it through right clicking the active lan connection ( of usb tether ) > status > " ip address : " . . do disable firewalls or add exclusions appropriately for this to work , also , set the vlc with proper video transcoding format that your android can play . warning : you might want to disable data pack when enabling the usb tether to avoid incurring unwanted costs .
i think the answer here is " in all practicability , no . " one hypothetical alternative would be usb host support , and to mount an external hard drive or thumb drive onto your phone . this would mean doing something like this , how to mount external hard drive to your xoom . this seems impractical and potentially dangerous ( who knows if that otg cable might cause a short ) . the sgs may not even recognize the cable , or the drive , and the apk may not work with your phone . that is the best answer i have on actually connecting via usb to a storage location . actual streaming from a pc via the usb port , though ? even if there were a way , it would probably require extensive work on both the phone and the computer . would not a better ( and way easier ) solution be to buy a wireless usb adapter and set it to ad-hoc mode and ssid non-broadcast ? just a thought .
linux has an file system wrapper thingy called cifs that allows it to mount an smb share ( windows shared folder ) transparently as a standard folder to the file system . looks like there is an android app for creating and managing cifs mounts - cifsmanager . using it , i assume you could make your android device see all the files in the shares just like they would be on your memory card . the app does list " playing music " as an example use case in it is description , so i expect it could be used for this purpose . i have not looked at how it works yet , but intend to now that you made me interested in the use case . : ) i will edit the answer when i have had time to test this . note that the app requires root . also , do not know if it can automatically reconnect the shares when they become available . and i am not sure if it messes up the android music player or file management system or whatever if the mounted files it was accessing suddenly become disconnected ( i would expect that android can handle it , though ) .
hey man you could try samba network music player - it was specifically designed for this purpose . still in development but it works .
you can use winamp to sync your music wirelessly between your phone and that share . you can find a guide on how to do it here .
you may try the preview version of ' soumi music player ' at the following link for playing mp3 files from your network shared folder . https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/soumi-music-player-preview
a squeezebox server ( download ) running on the pc will allow any device on the network to connect to the mp3 stream it broadcasts . you can add songs to the playlist via the web interface from the pc or your phone 's browser , or install one of the android squeezebox controller apps like squeeze commander . see also this previous question client-server android audio remote
one option would be something like the vlc stream and convert app . you actually do not even need the music to be on a shared drive for that one to work , you just need vlc installed on the pc and a wifi lan to share ( or 3g and some network security know-how ) . it was pretty easy to set up over the lan on my linux box , but ymmv on other configurations , i suppose .
es file explorer will let you play media files . . . but i think you have to pick them one at a time to play them . . . not sure if you can play a list of songs . . . .
subsonic is also a great way to share music with you android device over wifi or even the internet . there is also an subsonic android app . or you could use google music , which is currently us only .
audiogalaxy supposedly does this . i have not used it for myself .
i had the same problem after installing custom rom ( ics for desire ) , solved it by installing data connection fix from google play . it now works perfectly .
you may need to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the ' new ' " mtp " usb mode . further background : ice cream sandwich supports usb mass storage after all , galaxy nexus does not wikipedia > > media transfer protocol samsung > > support > > kies 2.0 also see : can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ?
have a look to the following steps step 1 # try cleanup and reinstall of drivers http://www.droidforums.net/forum/galaxy-s3-general-discussion/216706-cant-connect-s3-pc-usb-3.html#post2340704 pull the sim card out and do a factory reset with format step 2 # you can to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the " mtp " usb mode . can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ? samsung galaxy s3 not connecting via usb step 3 # make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phone http://m.samsung.com/us/support/downloads http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535mbbvzw driver issues when using samsung galaxy siii via usb for development step 4 # for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi . http://www.airdroid.com/
i had a similar problem connecting my galaxy s3 . the drivers were not installing properly . there were messages saying the usb device as malfunctioning . despite being able to charge the phone , it was not being recognised as a mass storage device nor offering me an option on the phone as to what i would like it to connect to the pc as , until i changed my usb cable . i had read some posts that had suggested this . after trying all the phone and device manager settings from debugging to reinstalling and updating drivers , this is what worked : trying a new usb cable . the drivers installed themselves . then , i was able to select use as media device from the phone notificaton menu . i double clicked my computer , and opened phone to display media . i was also able to select usb tethering from phone settings to allow connection to the internet , which is what kicked this all off in the first place . hope this helps some others . what i also discovered during this process was how to set the phone up as a wi-fi hotspot . i just followed a neat youtube video detailing this , and was able to connect my laptop to the internet while i sorted out the rest of my problem .
if you are using android 4.3 open the dial pad and dial *#0808# android 4.2 *#7284# this will solve your problem .
you might need to clean the micro usb port . try using a toothbrush or a safety pin to get the lint out . this worked for me
install the latest driver ensure you are using the factory cable that came with the phone ( some cables wont work with the s3 , the computer will even lie to you and give you error saying the " usb device not recognized" )
i had a similar problem , but with no error message . my computer just did not see my phone even though the computer recognized any other usb device i put in . note : on a previous session my computer did recognize my phone and i was able to b/u some files . my final solution was fairly simple , while the phone was still on i removed the battery from the phone and left it out for 5 minutes . then i reinstalled the battery and turned the phone on . after plugging the phone into my computer via the usb cord i had a connection phone to computer . no , i do not have a technical explanation for this .
just use kies air ( pre-installed on your s3 ) . works perfectly and is user friendly .
for anyone having trouble connecting to windows using usb in mtp mode , make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phones from samsung 's website . here 's a link for the verizon model : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535rwbvzw navigate to the Manuals &amp; Downloads tab , and then below the tabs , click Software. there you will see the usb driver listed .
you need to use usb 2.0 ports only .
before updating my galaxy s iii to android 4.3 , did not have any problem with windows 7 . it is obvious that w7 should have recognized it even if kies software were not installed . that was with main before updating to new android . but saddlery w7 was not able to find the galaxy siii in media device ( mtp ) mode ! solution for me : installing : device ( install ) , usb drive ( software ) - nov 9 , 2012
the swiftkey website no longer lists anything called " swiftkey " only " swiftkey x " . i have to assume this means " swiftkey " was an earlier product , possibly a beta ?
this is a paid solution , but if you download better contacts you can get the functionality you want . and it is less than $3 .
typing out an organization name in the main search box displays the relevant contacts that have the info in the organization field .
you will have to remove the information from the name field . then your business or your organization will be displayed in the contact list . you can put the individual names of people in the company in the note 's field . you are basically saying the company is your contact entry , not the individual . of course you can also have other contacts in your list by person 's names . you can fill out organization/business info fields in those also . when searching , you will see their names in the list .
it looks like your hboot needs to be upgraded to v1.02.0000 in order to use the htcdev unlock method . the reason for this is that the legend 's bootloader did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities , so you need to upgrade to the version that added it . unfortunately , the htcdev site will give you an ruu to run , but since it is an . exe file it will not do you much good on linux ( even with wine it probably will balk ) . however , you can perform a manual flash instead : download this legeimg . zip 1 file . this is the new 1.02 bootloader packaged as a zip . copy the zip file to the root of your sd card ( as in , not in any subfolders ) reboot to your bootloader however you like ( adb reboot bootloader works , for example ) when hboot starts up it should tell you that it found an upgrade package on the sd card . check the on-screen prompt and select " yes " to let it flash the zip . reboot your phone into your bootloader again and verify that it is been updated to version 1.02 . at this point you can follow the htcdev unlocking instructions . 1 regarding this file : " eldarerathis " , you say , " i am sure you are a trustworthy chap and all , but how do i know that this mediafire download is legit ? " well , since your bootloader is currently locked , it will only flash images that have been digitally signed by htc . since modifying the contents of the zip file would invalidate the signature , you can rest assured that it is genuine and has not been tampered with . for complete instructions , including how to actually get the zip from the ruu yourself ( which requires windows ) , refer to this xda post .
linux users : if you are stuck in " waiting for device " , make sure you run fastboot as root , such as :
it works , among other shortcuts , on my galaxy s4 with a bluetooth external keyboard ( iwerkz ) i guess that is due to the underlying linux layer of android that provides some basic functionalities , like when you plug in an old a usb keyboard in usb host mode and it just works .
for anyone who comes across this via a search i found these options . . . polaris office 's word processing program implements undo that works via control-Z on my galaxy note 3 using a bluetooth keyboard . the jotterpad x text editor implements undo and redo that works fine via on-screen controls . the jotterpad x app description on the google play store claims specifically . . . compatible with physical and bluetooth keyboard including shortcut keys ( e . g . ctrl + z for undo ) on my system , jotterpad x 's undo did not work with a bluetooth keyboard , but maybe it will work on your system or with a different model keyboard .
according to the xperia z manual , that icon indicates that " stamina mode " is active . i do not see it in the xperia t manual , so i am guessing that there was a recent update to your device that added that feature .
by default that is not possible on stock android phones . it works for samsung , because they have basically taken the android source code and made their own fork of the repo . having access to the source code allows them to turn on/off or even edit features .
you mean google now , do not you ? for this , you have to click on the microphone of a google search bar . you can do this with the one of the home screen . you can also open the google search app and doing this with its search bar too . for opening google search , do a long press on the home button and then swipe to the circle with the google logo . google now will be opened . you can also use the app shortcut ( in the launcher or anywhere else ) .
there is no built-in tool to do this - why would there be ? - but there are several apps available depending on exactly what kind of information you want to show and how you want it displayed . for example , you could do worse than my app showr , which is a home screen widget . you tell it the web address of an image file , or an rss feed with images , and how often to update it , and it updates the image and displays it on your home screen . it is a free download from google play . my users often use it to display information like weather maps and charts , as well as more fun things like webcams , photo blogs , and logos or pictures of things or people they like . you might also use home screen widgets for other kinds of information . for example , if the events you want to display are in a google calendar ( or can be imported into it from an ical file or similar ) , then the google calendar app can display upcoming events in a list on the home screen . there is quite a few task list apps too , and they usually have home screen widgets and push capabilities , so if you add or complete a task from your phone , the list on the wall updates automatically . remember the milk is one such , which i use , but you have to pay a subscription for unlimited syncing .
the s2 supports mhl through usb , so technically , yes . you will not be able to get a full display , just through supported apps .
i just found out it happens only with hd videos . 480p and 320p videos play normally . the problem is caused by the hardware decoder . when i use a player like mx video player , that allows me to choose a sw decoder , the playback is normal .
if you suspect an app or service is causing the freeze , and if your phone is rooted , install bloat freezer and then freeze background apps and services in groups to try and isolate the problem . a good list of apps that can be safely frozen can be found here . some of them are : all share analog clock android live wallpapers ap mobile bookstore there are over a hundred listed in the post i have referenced .
i had to release the buttons just after samsung logo and not after seeing cwm screen
sometimes you need more tries to go back into recovery . if it does not work , you might have to re-flash the proper . tar file with odin .
the data usage screen can show both mobile data and wi-fi usage ( but only shows one by default ) . you are almost certainly seeing your wi-fi usage , 750mb does not sound unlikely for a new device that will have downloaded settings , apps , contacts , and probably os updates . if you have a sim card in your phone then the data usage app defaults to only showing mobile data usage , but there is a menu option to allow you to set it to show wi-fi data usage too . i assume that if the device has never had a sim card inserted , then it will default to showing wi-fi usage , as that is the only data usage it is used . ( screenshots from a galaxy nexus , so it should work the same way )
download facebook contact sync . i had this same problem and found this tool . its not foolproof as the name in your contacts has to pretty much exactly match what they have in fb as their name . so people using weird names so they can not be found will not allow them to sync . otherwise it works well .
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
after digging through the source that roxan mentioned a bit , it looks like the following in /proc can tell you what cpu speeds are available and how much time has been spent in each : /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/stats/time_in_state however , it does give some other states that are not appropriate . for example , on my samsung vibrant , i get : 1400000 0 1300000 0 1200000 0 1000000 214141 800000 40092 400000 25273 200000 6159308 100000 389  but the chip 's standard clock is 1 ghz . so it looks like it should be fairly trivial to find the highest listed speed that has a non-zero time to it . for my purposes , this should be very adequate . edit : i have observed that sometimes the order in which the frequencies is listed can vary , so you will want to iterate through the whole list and find the fastest ( as opposed to stopping at the first non-zero ) . more edit : here 's a function that works for me :
i use this tiny , open source awesome app called cpu spy . not only this shows you the maximum cpu clock rate that your phone supports it also shows you all the clock rates that your phone supports . it will also display the total time and percentage the phone spends on each clock rate .
read this file to get the max frequency : /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/cpuinfo_max 
to contradict the above /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/stats/time_in_state  does not return the correct values . for example on my own device the frequencies are not correctly reported . as you can see , the clock speed on my device is 1200mhz - but only 1000mhz max shows in time_in_state . however , the following is correct cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/cpuinfo_max_freq 1200000 
try : Settings → Applications → Manage Applications → select Browser ( "All apps" tab ) → Clear Data . this would delete all the data belonging to the app . quite like a factory reset , but just for that app . be careful while using this . make sure you select the correct application ( its called ' Browser' some phones and ' Internet' on some ) in the All apps list . you can accidentally delete your contacts and other important stuff if you are not careful
i noticed this when browser had way too many megabytes of data . if you are root you can remove the localstore files without clearing all browser data ( bookmarks etc . ) by using ghost commander or similar app , or adb shell , to remove the localstore files from /data/data/com . android . browser/app_databases .
not from within android , no . only root can mount or remount filesystems , including /system . there is another way , which is to go outside of android completely by making the change you want from the recovery . since the recovery does not use android 's permissions system , it can let you mount whatever filesystems you like , however you like . but if you are going to install a custom recovery to let you do this , you might as well root the phone anyway .
install any recovery like crm or twrp . . . . search for " room original del huawei y210d " in youtube . exactly as given . . . . u will see one hd video link in search result . . downlaod the file mentioned in description of the vdo . . . download the rom file mentioned in youtube vdo description wipe the os of ur mobile . wipe cache . . and others . keep downloaded zip file in sd card . install using recovery . . . . enjoy . . . .
adobe stopped supporting flash player on android , and removed their app from play store . gtv 's chrome browser 's flash plugin will remain at whatever version it currently is , and will no longer receive any updates . bottom line is that there is no way to play that video on your google tv device .
yes , that is an accurate observation . i do not have a motorola phone myself , but from what i understand blur is embedded pretty tightly into the rom . trying to remove it would be painful at best , and probably just cause your phone to start crashing . i would recommend flashing a custom rom that either never had blur ( e . g . something built largely from the aosp like cyanogenmod ) or a heavily customized version of your rom that has had blur thoroughly rooted out and replaced with stock apps .
yup - adw launcher has an option to lock desktop which does not allow any changes to be made to the shortcuts or widgets .
google docs requires an active internet connection , when that error happens try testing whether you can access internet on the browser . you can alternatively make a document available offline in the preview document screen , you still will not be able to edit it but it will be still be readable .
if you hold down on the ' v ' key for a brief pause it will type the secondary character , which for that key is the apostrophe . each key has a secondary character which is shown in black in the top right corner of the key .
i am not an user of swiftkey , rather an user of swype . i am suggesting this with an assumption that both apps should not be miles apart in their feature . in swype we can do this by moving the finger through apostrophe , considering it as a part of the word . so , if you would like to type can't then start swiping on c , to a , then to n , then to ' , and finally finish at t . you can see this demonstration video as well .
the way i do it is to have space insert the suggestion . that way i write cant and hit spaces and swiftkey inserts the suggestion of can not in its place . i basically never use the apostrophe key .
i think that it is due to the keyboard layout . swiftkey 's qwerty layout do not put the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard . if you want to type a ' '' with the qwerty layout , you have to go to the " 123" part of the keyboard and then type on the ' virtual key . but unlike the qwerty layout , the azerty layout has got the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard : to switch to the azerty layout , go in swiftkey settings > Languages and layouts . then go to the keyboard language ( the one you use ) and type on the keyboard icon near the checkbox . then select " AZERTY" when the list of available layouts is opened .
have you tried inetify or network tester to check for wifi connectivity ?
is there a way to configure my phone to use my cell data when the connected wi-fi is not working\unavailable , etc ? assuming you are talking about wifi being activated , then in this case , wifi and cellular data are exclusive , you cannot have one activated and yet use the other . a flip-flop operation , switch on wifi , cellular data is off , switch off wifi , cellular data is on . cannot have both ! check the firmware - perhaps a newer update is available ? what version of android are you referring to ? quite possibly , izzy 's solution of using tasker might suffice , this was answered recently ?
no this is not possible up to android 4.2 . some convention they need to follow that is why if mobile phone is connected by wifi ( no matter internet connection is there or not to wifi router or device by which your phone is connected ) then it will not get connect by mobile data . may be you will find some application on google store but i am not sure . because if some application do this then they need to change at kernel level or they need to customize the operating system .
have you tried Settings &gt; Connection &gt; Wi-Fi &gt; Left-click (soft menu) &gt; Advanced &gt; Check for Internet service ? note : i have an s4 ( build xxubmga )
after some digging , i have to decide that what you are trying to achieve is not possible since there is no way to check whether there are additional login requirements necessary for the connected wi-fi networks . you may be able to check the connectivity of the wi-fi network with the methods mentioned by both geffchang and nobugs . but , since the connections with additional authentications literally give you the internet access to login to their network , the said apps and methods ( even the tasker ) will sadly be of lesser use . but the network tester app suggested by nobugs seems promising even though it cannot switch the connections . you can use an app like auto wifi / 3g switch to do the switching automatically . this app can be used to disable mobile data / 3g connection automatically when your device is connected to a wifi network and re-enable mobile data when your device is disconnected from wifi network . again of course , the app cannot detect whether or not there are additional authentications . finally you are left with manually switching and toggling your mobile data and wi-fi . you can use an app like 3g wifi connection mode .
assuming the original photos are still available , the loss of the thumbnails is not an issue , so you can dispose of the corrupted files . the gallery app will read the images directly . in fact , certain space-management apps will delete thumbnails for space recovery . i use sd maid , which recommends their disposal in the systemcleaner panel . i have done this a number of times , without system degredation . the gallery obviously still works , as i can still find and display any of the near-1000 images taken on my phone . if you choose not to use sd maid to clean them up , you can do this manually with any file explorer app to find them in the dcim\thumbnails folder . this folder is the sibling to the camera folder ( dcim\camera ) . select and delete all the thumbnails without a problem , just do not do the same to the original images until you have backed them up .
you will have to modify the os to support most of this , since it does not incorporate this by default , but since android is fully open-source this should not be too much of a problem . it is always better to put restrictions like these as near the kernel as possible so they are hard to bypass .
yes all this is possible but you will have to root the tablet and whether or not that is possible will depend on the tablet . here 's the answer to each request : yes , you have to edit the hosts file for which you will have to root the device . yes , any browser ( i recommend dolphin hd ) will let you set the home page , so just set this to the page you want it to launch with . with the launch after boot app ( ~$1.60 ) you can set the browser to launch on start-up . yes , the aforementioned dolphin hd browser has a " full screen " mode under settings . since you are rooting the device you can just uninstall the messaging ( sms/mms/email ) apps . yes . this app requires a rooted device ( and dropping $2 ) : boot animation changer pro all in all this is possible assuming you can root you device , and while it will not be easy , it also wont require you programming any custom solution . edit : i should have mentioned that going " full screen " on the browser will not prevent people from navigating away from the browser screen to other parts of the device but you can basically uninstall every single app that you do not want your people using , and uninstall the market so they can not install more apps . you can also password protect apps that you do not want people using with an app like app protector pro ( $2 ) . any enterprising person will be able to get around anything you do with some work but that can be said about any workplace restrictions . edit #2: do not quote me on this but i will bet you could use tasker to furhter restrict access to the device and/or services . assuming you guys operate during set business hours and are at one bricks and mortar location , you can set location and time based restrictions so when they are in the store during business hours only certain things are possible . you would just need to password protect tasker after setting it up .
afaik , the original droid is completely hardware incapable of providing video out via usb . the droid incredible does provide this functionality , but it has a usb port specifically designed for it ( extra pins ) .
according to gsmarena , the nexus 7 2013 uses a microsim . google 's help page on inserting the sim further confirms this . i would fully expect that google would include a sim of the appropriate size , unless they have completely reneged on their " do not be evil " bit . if not , just break out your scissors to cut it down to the appropriate size and shape . the extra size is just empty plastic to make handling easier . the only important bits are directly under the connector .
go into the main settings app . find location access ( location services on some phones ) in the list of settings pages , and make sure all the settings in that page are on , in particular wi-fi and mobile network location ( which might have a slightly different name , such as use wireless networks ) . when you turn this option on , there is a dialog warning you that this periodically sends the visible wi-fi networks to google . this is how the location mechanism works , so you have to agree to it if you want this feature . even when it is on , it only works when you are connected to the internet ( either through 3g or wi-fi ) . it works by sending google the list of wi-fi networks you can see . google has collected a database of wi-fi network names and real-world locations , so with this information , they can reply to your phone with its approximate position . obviously this can only work with internet access . the similar feature in the ipad works exactly the same way , only with a different database maintained by apple instead of google .
4 months later support finally shared me the latest rom that solved all the above issues .
it is possible that your phone does not support the code . if you look at one of the comments in the askvg link you shared in the comment , one user says : LCD TEST Does not work for Galaxy S2 . however , another user replied that it is supported , but with a different code .
i take the back up of all the applications regularly to my sd card . sometimes i uninstall them because of some issues . if i need them i install from my sd card directly . now i open the my market account in android website using my google account . it shows all the installed applications even though i removed them and installed again . i feel this answer is not completely relevant to the question . but i am sharing a way to reinstall the applications from android market . anyways you can remove the application and install it again .
as far as i know there is no way to tell the market to reinstall an app . i was hoping you could do it through the market website but i just tried and it refused to install an already-installed app . ( which bothers me because my phone and the website will definitely be out of sync regularly , i do too many third-party restores and so on . ) that said , you could clear the data for the market ( settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> market -> force close , clear data ) and reboot your phone , then start up the market again and look to see whether the update is available again or not . if it is not then you can trust that the latest version is installed since it grabbed that info directly from the system , and if not you can attempt the update again .
you can not " reinstall " . all you can do is just simply uninstall it and install again .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
i think formatting is your last resort . sd cards do have a limited life , and only can perform so many read/writes before they give up the ghost . try to backup your sd card on your pc if you can . you could use an sd card reader . try your sd on another phone and see if it works . if it does , you know something with your phone is not right . use this opportunity to back up the sd ! try a different sd on your phone and see how that works . lastly , you could format the sd card and see if that helps , but you will permanently lose all data on it . if your rom has an sd-ext partition , your os will not boot . ( unlikely in this specific case , but worth noting for others . )
according to the official bug report here , starting at about post 26 , it seems the sentiment is that this is a hardware issue . i have contacted verizon and they are shipping me a replacement . i will update the question again if this does not permanently resolve the issue . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23789q=label%3apriority-mediumcolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
as was said - this cannot be done . i am just putting this in an answer form . . . the reason being is that screenshots work by converting what is on the screen to an image - what is on the screen is pulled directly from the hardware . obviously , the screen does not know what is going to be displayed , a bit like we do not know exactly what is going to happen tomorrow ( unless you are psychic , but we will ignore that for this analogy ) . as such , there is no way to do this . what you could do however , is to take many screenshots , scrolling down a bit , and then use a graphics package to stick the two screenshots together - may not look nice , but it will have to do i am afraid .
as said , a simple screenshot cannot do this for the mentioned reasons . what you could , however , do , is a screencast -- which is easiest described as a video recording of your activities . airdroid is one of the apps offering this for free ( experimental , and root required ) . searching the playstore for " screencast " will show you additional candidates . however , root will be required to operate them . aside from that , and not requiring root , is to make a series of screenshots , as suggested by t0mm13b already , and then using an image editor to connect them .
they are most likely there , just you are not looking in the right label . outlook screws up your gmail folders/labels and causes very annoying gmail sync issues . that is why i quit using outlook with my gmail .
i have a similar problem and have been seeing similar issues over the past month or so . it appears that imap copy into inbox or other gmail labels no longer generates new mail events / notifications . i have tested with multiple folders ( including the inbox ) using both outlook 2010 and the latest versions of thunderbird setup for imap . i have found that android 's gmail app as well as gooogle 's gmail web interface only update / generate notifications when an email is received by the gmail servers . based on the above , the only conclusion i can come to is that google is no longer generating new mail events within the overall gmail environment when an imap email client copies messages into folders . i too wish they would . i was using outlook to copy email from an exchange account to a gmail label and received notification on my android device . this worked well for a long time ( a few years ? ) . edit : may 1st , 2013 since my post in march it appears that these notifications are now working . has been for a couple of weeks . seems like the problems were most likely issues with google servers . anyway . . . i no longer have this problem .
your specific question is : is there any way to write a program to do that ? yes , it would be hard for the android programmer novice , but it can be done . it would be a lot easier to do with root permission as well . for a long time companies liked to stick with blackberry because they were easier to ' child lock ' . more and more , i am actually seeing people with iphones now having this ' company child lock software ' . i am sure companies out there are making software for android devices that inhibit the use of certain apps and prevent downloading them all together . you could probably pay to get this software onto a device but it would probably be very expensive .
the app that did the trick for me is auto proxy ( requires root ) . all apps work , including browser , maps , gmail , etc . and it worked on android 2.2 , 2.3 and 4.0 . additionally , wifi proxy settings are built in to ics , but i have had limited success with it . it seems to automatically disconnect from the wireless network . your mileage may vary .
there is a bugreport on the android site for this which is still open . you can set proxy settings for apn ( mobile network ) but not for wifi . in ics also only the browser will be affected by the wifi proxy setting . also authentification will not completly work at all ( see report )
no , you need arm executables ( or whatever the underlying architecture of your device may be ) . the only way to get around it , apart from compiling from source or finding an arm version of the package , would be some sort of virtualization . i do not know of any virtualization tools built for arm myself , but at least some versions have virtualization extensions so there is the possibility of hardware-accelerated vms .
the answer to both questions is no . your android device most likely uses the arm architecture , which is not compatible with the x86 architecture of your binaries . in theory you could use qemu on android to emulate a x86 system , but the performance will be average at best . this has been done .
more details would definately be nice . i can think of a few very nice options that would work over wifi . airdroid2 would let you upload and download files over your browser pretty handily , though a web interface . it does a load of other things too ( like act as a filemanager , and let you do things on your phone like send texts from a webui ) another alternative would be pushbullet - it lets you send and recieve files up to 25 mb . like airdroid , it uses a webui on the pc side ( or extentions , which are well worth getting imo ) , and an app on the phone you could also use a sync tool like dropbox or ( my current favourite ) bitorrent sync to expose a folder and download files from there .
there are plenty solutions for that . unfortunately , you did not specify the options : wifi ? bluetooth ? usb only ? other means ? a first check should bring you to our nice file-transfer tag-wiki , linking to questions already having answers on this topic : how can i send a file wirelessly without bluetooth or a wi-fi network in ics ? how can i transfer photos to my android jelly bean device while preserving the original timestamp ? also , the " related " section of your question ( to the right , if you use a web browser ) has some pointers . and of course there are already several questions tagged file-transfer ( just click on the tag ) : is there a way to copy files directly between two android devices on the same wifi network ? would be one example . if wifi is an option , you might want to take a look at airdroid . that is an app you install on your android device , start it , and it gives you an url to type into your browser on your mac . from there , you can manage your device easily : copy files to and from , check the call log , write an sms , and much more . if your device ( which you did not mention ) has an sdcard , you could also unmount that , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your mac . then copy the files to the card , safely unmount , and put it back into your android device . for more/other options , please follow the links above – or use the search box : )
you can use an app called android file transfer , where you connect you device to your computer through usb and then you can just drag the files into the application . they will be transfered in a matter of seconds !
yep if you do not want to use a usb use dropbox . online file sharing from computer to whatever device : make an account then sign in on the computer . upload the desired files . when that is done simply download the app aptly named dropbox . sign in the download the file on your device . this only takes a few minutes and you could do this with any file . from music to video . from a word document to an apk . even files that your computer doesnt understand ( maybe a file only compatible with macs or phones ) if you dont have an internet connection via 3g then use your home or friends wifi . you get something like 5 gb extra for doing simple tasks like linking your accounts . all of your legal illegal files are completely safe . only you and a peeping tom over your shoulder can see your files . there is no file size limit . this is better than usb because your files will forever be backed up on drop box unless you delete them .
i am not sure if it worked this way back when you asked the question , but this can be done without an addon . change firefox settings to tap-to-play plugins if not already set . then click the video link to open the file . firefox will not play the video if tap-to-play is set to on . instead of tapping to play , long-tap the video placeholder until you are presented with a menu which will include an entry to download the file .
download a downloader ( download manager ) app like adownloder . long press on the video url in browser and select " share " from the context menu . then select share with adownloader ( or any other downloader app that you install ) . this should start downloading using the download manager app . this may not always work as some sites do not let you download videos . give it a try . edit as of december 2012 , i do not see any way to get something like " save link as " option in firefox for android . however , in some cases clicking on a video link automatically starts downloading the video , but in most cases it starts playing them . best you can do is to request firefox to add this feature . meanwhile , you can try a download utility as i mentioned earlier or use an alternative browser that has this feature for your video downloads .
on android you have to add this feature via an addon . after installing the save link option will appear as on a desktop firefox . https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/android/addon/save-link-menus/?src=search
did you try chrome browser . it has the save link option in long press menu .
why do not you try running it on a different os ? dual-boot linux ( probably ubuntu ) you had be able to find much more info in the community forums and/or their official documentation . i doubt that this has to do with your device , more likely some missing dependencies on your host system . ( sry , i was not " allowed " to add this as a comment :- ( ) additionally , in your last line of the question you mention that in the 4.1 image everything works fine , whereas in the intel 2.3 x86 image it does not . according to the documentation , graphics acceleration is supported in sdk platform api 15 revision 3 ( 4.0.3 ) and higher . assuming that your remark about intel 2.3 x86 and 4.1 refer to android version 2.3 and 4.1 , respectively , this would be in line with the android documentation . furthermore , take a look at the android project issue tracker for similar bugs and updates . there is also a pertinent question on stackoverflow with some useful suggestions and user activity .
obviously the su binary you installed does not work well with your system . as you luckily created a backup of the original su executable , recommendation is to revert the incompatible changes first : adb shell $ oldsu # mount -o remount,rw /system # rm /system/xbin/su /system/bin/su # cp /system/xbin/oldsu /system/xbin/su # exit $ exit adb reboot  explanation : start adb shell and become root ( using the working oldsu executable ) . delete /system/xbin/su ( which is only a symlink now ) and the incompatible /system/bin/su , then copy the working su back to where it belongs . then exit the root shell and finally adb shell . the reboot is optional , and should not be needed . also optionally you could remove busybox ( or keep it if it works ) . before exiting adb shell you might wish to test whether su works again , just to be sure ( which is why i wrote cp for this : if anything goes wrong , you still have your oldsu available ) . with those steps , you should at least have everything in working order again , and this issue is solved . updating to a newer android version is a separate issue : please check the update tag , as corresponding questions already exist . same for the rom you might need ( check the rom tag for that , and in also check the tag-wikis for update and rom ) .
please try and clear the app data and cache - this fixed the same issue for me .
1 ) does there exist a way to make the lock screen pattern larger on android 4.3 so that it looks more like it previously in android 4.1.2 without the use of a third-party app ? i do not intend on using the space provided for widgets above the pattern , so a solution that causes this functionality to be removed in the process is acceptable . as from above images it seems that the upper widget screen is comparatively similar in both images , i think the width of lock pattern is reduced . so , i think you can not change the size of lock pattern without the use of a third-party app 2 ) if no native solution exists , is there a third-party app that i can download that will allow me to substitute the default home lock screen pattern for one that is larger ? i am aware that there are app-specific lock screens with large patterns , but i am referring to the home lock screen only . afaik , you can not replace the home lock screen . you can disable the home lock screen and enable the third party app lock screen , which will work as lock screen . example : go locker !
in System Settings -> Sound you should be able to select Pick Ringtone . if you do not find the ringtone you want , you can use any mp3 or ogg . just put the file on your sdcard in /sdcard/Ringtones/ . media scanner will classify anything in this directory as a ringtone .
the app stores you mention are different from each other . so , they maintain separate / different statistics .
try flashing this zip ( the xposed disabler attached to the op ) in recovery . you can also try repeatedly pressing any hardware button during boot until the phone starts vibrating . xposed will have entered " safe mode " when it vibrates for a longer duration . from the post : quick explanation of the safemode : it was developed by @tungstwenty and makes it possible to disable xposed by repeatedly pressing one of the hardware buttons during early startup . the phone will vibrate twice when the first key press has been detected . then you have five seconds to press the same button four more times . each key press will be confirmed with a short vibration ; the final one with a long vibration . it creates /data/data/de . robv . android . xposed . installer/conf/disabled , which prevents most of xposed’s actions ( e . g . no hooks are made and no modules are loaded ) . there’s no 100% guarantee that this will get you out of a bootloop , but in most cases it should .
you can do this with the secure settings plugin . parts of it require root , so i am not sure whether this will work if you are un-rooted . it works perfectly for me , but i am rooted .
you may not get 21mbps downloads on hspa+ , but otherwise , voice calls and data access should work just fine , provided you get a compatible sim card from the local provider .
i just bought a galaxy nexus ( unlocked directly from google play store ) and it works fine for me . i tested 2g and 3g over airtel networks .
mine too . i got this behavior to change by doing the following : open the gmail app . in the menu , select " settings " select your gmail account . select " sound and vibrate " set the sound to " silent " , and the vibrate to " never " this fixed it for me . my guess is that it is a bug or poor design ( the sound option seems to override the vibrate option ) .
i have heard good things about tasker . i wonder if it can help ?
i got an update from htc tech support on this one . tl ; dr search for a software update and you should hopefully find 1.29 . once this is installed you will be able to connect again fine . quoted below dear david , thank you for your patience . i would recommend backing up your data and performing a factory reset , to do this please follow these steps : if your phone is tied to a google account , your contacts , calendar events , downloaded apps , wireless settings can be backed up , if you have entered your google account details in the initial set-up screens . please go to , menu , settings , accounts and sync , tap on your google account , then tap ' sync now ' you will see some spinning circular arrows for a short while , this just means your data is being saved to google . when the arrows have finished spinning , the data has been backed-up ( double check this ) . or back up your contacts to the s . d card ( for android 2.1 or later ) by following these steps ; from the home screen tap all applications . scroll to and tap people . tap menu . tap import/export . tap export to sd card . select which contact group to export ( phone , google , sim etc . ) . tap ok . available from the android market is a free application to enable you to back up your sms messages if desired . now your phone is backed up we can perform the hard reset , all data will be lost that is not backed up on your s . d/sim cards or online will be lost . hard reset on android from the home screen , press the menu key> tap settings> tap sd and phone storage> tap factory data reset> tap reset phone . the reason i have asked you to do this is because though it may seem a bit extreme this is the best method for dealing with your problem . once this has been done please manually search for an update . i did not actually do the reset , i simply searched for software updates and found the new update , installed it and all was well . i would recommend this first before you wipe your phone !
even if all other ways fail , you can still root it the manual way : go to http://androidsu.com/superuser/ and download the latest su binary for your phone . ( arm , 3.1.3 , i would assume ) put the downloaded zip file into the root directory of your phone 's sd card . shut down the phone . boot the phone into recovery mode . on samsung devices , this is done by holding [ vol up ] + [ home ] during boot . select " apply update from sd card " and navigate to the zip file and confirm . the su binary is now being installed . reboot your phone afterwards . install the app " superuser " ( com.noshufou.android.su ) from the playstore . your phone should now be rooted . test it by running the superuser app . alternatively , there is this instruction from xda . i cannot provide guarantee that this will work . certain phone manufacturers take the process of rooting your phone as a void of guarantee .
probably there are not known tools for mac which can perform operations for android . however there is a best possible option to install virtual machine on mac and then install windows on it . or there is another solution from apple : 1 . install bootcamp from here 2 . after installing windows using bootcamp , you can use any windows tools for rooting your device . that is it . hope it helps u .
1 . install virtualbox on either your mac or linux 2 . install virtualbox extension pack ( on virtualbox download page ) 3 . install a windows virtual machine of your choice 4 . enable usb 2.0 in virtualbox for the windows vm 5 . install kingo andriod root inside windows 6 . root you are welcome .
if your nexus 7 is not rooted , install nexus media importer app and connect your hard disk using usb otg cable . the app will take care after that . the question does say that the device is rooted , but this answer can help visitors having unrooted nexus 7 .
you need to : root your nexus 7 install stickmount use a file explorer to browse the files on your hard disk
this solution seems to help--not too sure yet . my phone might think i am intentionally skipping songs by way of headphone buttons i do not even have . the solution seems pretty simple and effective : install the headset blocker widget ( free in the market ) . note : you might need to restart pandora after enabling the block for it to kick in ( not sure ) . i will know in the next few hours if this helps or not . . . ok , three skips in the last 10 minutes . . . this is not helping at all ! i will leave it here as an failed option for future browsers .
yes you can simply turn off/reduce your volume to 0 for the notifications and only keep the ringer volume as required . you can do this under settings> sounds ( as you have not specified any os details or the device make or model i can only give you a common answer )
ok , i will answer my own question on this one because i just came across mortplayer . it does exactly what i want : it will load m3u files or just play all files in a directory .
there is an article over there at the xda forum , titled epic 4g touch root on mac or linux using heimdall ! . i am not sure whether these steps apply to your device ( not having the " touch " mentioned ) -- but as there was no real answer yet , i thought you might give it a try . the linked article includes a video tutorial , which you might want to watch first . described steps are as follows : put your epic 4g touch in download mode by holding down volume down button and power button together for about 10 seconds then hit volume up button . connect your phone to your computer via a usb cable . go download the appropriate binaries for your mac ( osx ) or linux 32-bit or 64bit at glassechidna.com.au get the file with " binary " or " binaries " . for mac , you will get a . dmg file you can install and for linux , you will get a . deb file you can install . install these files and open up a command prompt and type : heimdal you should get a bunch of syntax stuff , if so that is good , you have heimdall installed and working . go download a rooted kernel , i recommend zedomax epic touch kernel v3: download zedomax epic touch kernel v3 *note - you can also download any other kernel . tar file of your liking . browse to the directory you have download the tar file by using command " cd": cd /home/myusername/Downloads untar the tar file : tar xvf SPH-D710_Zedomax_EpicTouchKernel-v3.tar double-check you have a zimage file in the directory by typing : ls -l type the following to flash : heimdall flash --kernel zImage reboot and you can check that you have rooted your phone by going to settings-> about phone and see " zedomaxepictouchkernel " in kernel version . also you will see a new app called " superuser " in apps . congrats , you have been rooted with a linux or mac . several more methods are described at how to | epic 4g touch root , and may be even more up-to-date . so please make sure to check them as well before you start . when done , we ( the community ) of course appreciate your feedback which method ( s ) you tried and how you succeeded .
microsd cards already have wear leveling at the hardware level - placing software wear leveling on top of that will not help much . just get a higher quality microsd next time .
for galaxy s2 , in settings , voice input and output , text-to-speech settings , turn off driving mode , this should turn off both call and messaging readout . actually , you have to go into the driving mode settings and disable the option for incoming call read out . i disabled all of the read out messages for new email etc . i do not want my phone talking to me ever ! turning off driving mode did not work on my new galaxy s2 .
go into Settings-&gt;Accessibility and uncheck " talk back " .
for galaxy s2 go to Settings -&gt; Language and Input -&gt; Text-to-speech output and turn off Driving Mode . this should turn off both call and messaging readout .
on my droid 2 it is under settings > call settings > caller id readout . . . then you can set ring only , caller id then ring , or caller id repeat . i realize you have a different phone , but i hope this helps .
this applies to the at and t sgs2 ( sghi777 ) . my problem started when i ran the " voice command " app . i started the driving mode , but even after i turned it off , it would still read the cid in my ear . after reading all the answers here and trying everything , i still had the problem . i finally tried -settings-> voice input and output-> text-to-speech settings-> check " always use my settings " . finally i have peace . thank you everyone who helped steer me in the right direction .
okay , i had the same problem . go into Settings , then click Voice input and output next , click Text-to-speech settings , from there you should see something called Driving Mode . if its got a tick next to it , you have found your problem . untick driving mode and the voice will stop reading out the number . i accidentally clicked that button a while back , and have spent the past week trying to work out how to put it back .
in epic 4g ( imagine same for other galaxy s handsets ) : settings -> text-to-speech -> speak incoming callerid
gtalksms ( google project page ) does what you want ( and much more ) . edit : after actively developing gtalksms , i decided that it is time to spawn a new project called maxs . see my second answer . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
if xmpp is not a must have you should check out mightytext app and chrome extension . i use it every day . you do not need to have your phone near you because you see sms messages and you can respond from the app . you can even initiate a phone call from the extension ( web app ) .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) does what you want , and much more . you can reply to incoming sms messages or send them via xmpp . all you need is a standard xmpp client on your pc . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
all android apps on the google play store have a list of permissions they use which includes the use of the camera . it is tedious to look through the permissions of each app manually from the play store . instead try using an app that lists the app permissions and list apps using the camera/microphone permissions . eg . permissions observatory ( i have no connections with this app , i found it randomly , and i do not use it )
this may help go to setting : 1 . sound 2 . default notification sound ( none ) . choose the none option !
yes , your phone must be rooted because to access that file the /system needs to be mounted as write-able once you obtain root you can run this command inside a shell : su chmod 777 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness then just navigate to that file and edit it using a file browser . what the chmod 777 command does is change the permissions on that file so that you can edit it . after you finish i would suggest changing the permissions back to what they were . the original permissions were probably 0666 . so it would be like this : chmod 0666 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness to encompass t0mm13b 's remark below , go here for information on how to make the file write-able at boot , instead of having a script be run at each boot that makes it write-able .
from my reading of the lg g watch user manual pdf there are 2 sets of data that can be brought up from a ' swipe up ' action . 1 ) google now . this can be customised through the ' wand ' icon in google now , and swiping away cards will often give the prompt " do you wish to continue to receive updates about &lt ; whatever > ? i doubt this is what you are referring to . 2 ) the actual settings/options . there is no mention here or anywhere else as to customising these options . i can not imagine you had be allowed ( or want to ) remove something like " pairing " or " display " options for obvious reasons , they seem to apply the same rationale to all options , as is standard on all android devices . if , on the off chance , you are referring to the app drawer , then you would have to uninstall the app from your phone first as the android wear app synchs all compatible apps . finally the only other thing i can think of is notifications you do not want . in this case : on your phone open the android wear app . touch the settings icon touch mute notifications click the + icon choose what app ( s ) you want to mute .
made it . . . after going to market account -> settings -> edit , i chose " show in menus " and now it works .
according to this article tectiles 2 tags are based on the nfc forum type 4 tag standard ( though the article does not mention an exact chip ) . also samsung explicitly released tectiles 2 for use with devices that have non-nxp nfc chipsets ( like galaxy s4 ) . this means that these tags are compatible to all current android nfc devices including the nexus 5 .
ma is not the same as mah . the former is a current rating , and the latter is the capacity of the battery . 1000 mah means the battery can supply a current of 1000 ma ( at its rated voltage ) for 1 hour , or equivalently , a current of 500 ma for 2 hours , etc . it tells you how much energy the battery can hold . the number in ma printed on the phone tells you how much current the phone can draw . it is like a safety rating , though i suspect the numbers are somewhat made-up for phones : it would be very unusual for the phone to actually draw that much current , and most of the time the amount drawn will be much less . there is no reason for those two numbers to be the same .
i suppose " prefixer " ( written by "253°below" ) or another app " prefixer " can make the job of cutting the "+" symbols from the numbers ' beginnings . however you will need to switch the prefixer off to make the regular gsm calls . else you can let the prefixer do a smarter job by cutting pluses only from the numbers which look like "+123 . . . . . " transforming them into "123 . . . . . " . also there is an application which automatically transforms all the local ( short ) numbers in the address book into one standard by adding country codes and area codes . its name is " contacts clean-up " . it might do a portion of the required job , too .
according to this forum deleting the youtube account resolves it .
did you have lookout or another security app installed ? most of them have remote-wipe features . if you did not , there is also lookout 's plan b from google play . i do not think plan b allows remote wipe , but even still , it is likely your best bet .
yeah , that is by definition – and the reason why you should never move apps to sd if they provide widgets you want to use . sdcard gets mounted after the boot_completed broadcast has been sent . so apps installed on the sdcard are not able to receive this broadcast , and thus cannot provide their services " in advance " . depending on how fast your " homescreen " launches , it might already query the widgets before the mount was able to complete – and thus cannot find the apps installed there ( which explains the " default icons" ) . solution : move those apps back from the sdcard if you need their widgets .
this is only a partial answer to my question , so i will not mark it as accepted just yet . if you go to messages / menu button / settings / notification settings there should be a setting called " preview message " . uncheck this and text messages will not show up in your lock screen . i have not figured out how to do this for calls though .
new skype version has excellent video call quality . the official version does not support video on galaxy s yet , though . so you need to install the hacked version ( check here ) . i have been using it on my samsung galaxy s and it rocks .
there are a few different options for video calling . i do not know how many of them will support the options you want , but i will try to specify their uses as best i can . the new version of google talk it supports video calling and handles it well . you have to call from within the app though , i do not believe there is built in platform support for calling from call logs . fring this is a widely used , multi-platform video chat app that has many options , and i know it allows you to remove your self image , group chat , and it pulls from your contact list to give you a list of other fring users . on occasion , it has worked with skype ( mobile-to-desktop ) , but in my experience , this has been spotty . qik the advantage to qik is it is incredible online support . it has been improved greatly since it is introduction to the mobile market . tango this got the last spot because it is personally my least favorite . you can only call to other devices using tango , which i find extremely limiting , but it is the same scenario for qik , so it'll have to be dealt with . it has very positive reactions from users though , so it is worth a look . i hope this helps you get a jump start on finding a solution to what you want . take a test run with one or a few of these and let us know what works best for you !
for #3 , tap the caller image in the log , and select the second shortcut for video call . if i remember correctly , this has been available since froyo ( 2.2 ) , but i am not sure ( running darky 's rom 10.1 , which is 2.3.3 ) .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
it is a combination of a pdf and a browser issue . some pdfs work fine while others do not across different browsers . downloading the pdf you mentioned , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : cannot open pdf from notification boat browser : cannot open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification downloading a different pdf from another site , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : can open pdf from notification boat browser : can open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification update 2013-10-11: according to scott 's findings , this is a pdf issue . the content-type header of the problematic pdf is application/x-download , while the working pdf is application/pdf . if you control the server which is serving these pdfs , you can switch the content-type header to allow it to open in all browsers . php example : in php this was previously broken when sending :  header('Content-Type: application/x-download');  switch this to this header to work :  header('Content-Type: application/pdf'); 
i had the same problem and this is what i did . . . start at your home screen and swipe down from the top to display your notifications . at the top right , tap the gear/wheel ( which is settings ) . then , tap accounts . next , email . if you have more than one email on this app , you have to do the following for each email address--i have two on mine . you will have a screen that has an accounts heading and common settings heading . tap settings , then , on the next screen , tap the email you would like to adjust . sync settings will come up . check the email notifications box and then select a ring tone that will not make you crazy every time you hear it ! lol ! and that should do it ! p.s. you can also change your signature here as well , to personalize your outgoing messages by tapping signature and turning that function on . . : )
with mine , i had to sync my facebook account with the phone , and the email app started working again .
click on the button next to the gear that opens settings in the pull down menu and make sure that " sync " has been highlighted . this should fix it .
mx video player supports quite a number of video extensions namely . 3gp . avi . divx . f4v . flv . mkv . mp4 . mpeg . mov . vob . wmv . webm . xvid and many more but it will require you to install this codecs for gt-i5503 ( you will be auto prompted after you install the player but in case not , use the link ) . you will not need to convert videos anymore .
i highly recommend handbrake video converter . it can convert all common video formats to mp4 , mkv that the samsung video player supports . choose the ipod profile which is supported by most phones or you could also create your own profile . i always use handbrake to convert videos for my galaxy ace . the samsung gt-i5503 shares many similarities with the galaxy ace and as samsung is using the same layer of software on top of android ( touchwiz with all the apps such as music , video etc . . ) the same settings should work for your phone .
found these instructions to install powermanagerpro into /system/app , just modified them a little . ( note : first install the app into /data/app , like you would any app , and you need a rooted device . ) open a terminal emulator app and execute the following command to copy the application to the sdcard : su cp /data/app/ your . apk /sdcard/ your . apk if you can not find the application in /data/app try /data/apps-private/ . then , un-install your app from the device . execute the following commands in the terminal emulator to remount the /system directory as read/write and to install the application into the /system/app directory : su mount -o remount , rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system cp /sdcard/ your . apk /system/app if you prefer to use adb from your computer , execute these commands : adb remount adb shell cp /sdcard/ your . apk /system/app
if you do not have root to follow the manual install procedure demizey describes , then the app must be signed with the same key that the rom is signed with ; that is to say , the same key that the existing system apps are signed with . this is a security precaution : otherwise , anyone could write an app that would run with full system access on any device .
for the most part , sure . i just put my galaxy nexus ( android 4.2.2 ) into airplane mode and tried to compose an email message with speech-to-text . it worked , but it was slo-o-o-o-w . and not as accurate as i would like . if you go into Settings &gt; Language &amp; input &gt; Google voice typing (settings) you can set which languages are downloaded to your device for speech-to-text . english is my default ( and is already downloaded ) but i see about 20 other files i can download . however , whether you can do this or how well it works depends a lot ( i think ) on your device and the version of the os you are running .
this problem is taking place when you install google apps apks directly on phone . the solution is installing google apps image in recovery mod . you can always get the latest gapps for any android version such as ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 . x ) , honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) , gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) , froyo ( android 2.2 . x ) and eclair ( android 2.1 . x ) from this address latest gappss
i believe you should install the european version of samsung 's rom or any other rom of choice . this xda thread lists official firmwares for your device .
after using k9 mail for couple of months , problem resolved itself , stock email client stopped crashing . this only confirmed my theory that stock email client on 2.2.1 has issues with overlapping message uids
read this : androidforums . the directory structure has been restructured in jelly bean . the internal memory resides at /data/media/0 , hence the sdcard0 name . sd cards are now known as external sd cards and get the name sdcard1 since android 4.1 . if you want to move apps to your external sd card , i am afraid you will have to root . if you do decide to root however , foldermount and link2sd work really well .
actually i bought the motorola defy+ and i am disapointed , as it seems there is synchronization is only possible via google account .
i do not know how to realize that for " specific apps to sync " . but using an automation app like tasker , you should be able to globally switch sync on/off depending on whether you are connected to a specific wifi . basic structure for tasker : create a task , name it e.g. " safewifitask " , and have it switch sync on . ( you can also add other jobs to this task which you want to perform on a " safe connection " , all in this task ) optionally , create an opposite task to switch sync off create a profile with the condition " wifi connected " , and select your " safe network 's " ssid . assign it the " safewifitask " created above , and optionally the " opposite task " as exit task . repeat step 3 for other " safe network conditions " ( tasker does not know about an or condition on profiles ) i have made the " exit task " optional in my example . the reason behind it is : if no exit task exists , tasker automatically restores the " before " conditions , so you might be able to do without exit tasks .
since your question was only 1/2 answered i wanted to complete it . there is an app that will allow you to enable and disable specific apps from syncing . it can also start and stop the syncing process . the app is called synker and the unlock will run you $1.99 but it is well worth it to keep your info secure and to help reduce distractions .
change your wifi network name . use at least wpa2 encryption ( and a long password with numbers and letters ) . do not broadcast the network name ( i.e. . make it a hidden network ) . apply mac filtering . also , do not forget to change passwords of all your accounts . changing isp has nothing to do with your problem . this sounds more like a trolling neighbor . consider contacting the police too . .
change your wifi password . even better , hide the access point and use mac address filtering . factory reset your nexus 7 . if it was rooted , restore from the factory image available at google 's website . delete all the profiles in your desktop browsers and use new ones . this is to prevent the history from syncing with the stalker .
while you intend to replace the stock download manager , but keep access to google play store , since it is your trusted market , before that , you should try to find the reason as to why are you having troubles downloading apps : troubleshooting download issues is the device supported by google play store ? you can confirm this from the supported devices list last updated 2012/06/29 common quick checks : restart your phone , then try downloading the app again . confirm there is connectivity to either wireless or cellular networks on your device . if behind a firewall , ensure that tcp and udp 5228 ports aren’t blocked ( they are required for google play ) . clear cache and data of both the google play store app and the download manager : visit menu > settings > applications > manage applications ; tab over to " all" ; select the google play store app , and then tap " clear data " and " clear cache" ; select download manager and tap " clear data " and " clear cache " . aditional information for troubleshooting can be found at google play : troubleshoot an issue . alternatives other app discovery method appbrain , an app discovery service that as per your request still uses google play store as the source for the downloads provide . it features a great instant download tool ( appbrain app market ) , a nice search function , a very clear interface and you can sign-in with your google account . one side note : this app still downloads via the stock download manager . alternative markets alternative markets have their own download manager . they may be a solution , provided the issue does not lie with your current unofficial rom : amazon appstore for android while an alternative market , i have received a notice from the website stating : the amazon appstore is only available to customers located in the united states . getjar launched in 2004 , it grows every day , counts 600.000+ apps , and 450.000+ registered developers . as an independent app store , not tied to any particular handset or carrier , it comes as an alternative solution for you . androidpit androidpit is a web 2.0 network and android blog . was created to bring together android experts , enthusiasts and developers . apps are tested , at least one every day and reviews are published to help users on their decisions . slideme founded back in 2008 , slideme provides a ' managed app-store service ' and builds solutions as per market requirements .
download manager for android download this
if there is a way to build a custom rom , xda is the place to go . for example : if i would like to build an custom rom for my kindle fire , i would browse the kindle fire android development forum and search for an thread that explains this . there is a meta post , which points to some guides . to sum up : if you want to build your own rom , look at the according xda forums . if there is no information/thread about it , it is likely that no one has done it before or/and it will not be easy .
the . nomedia file is for the reason you stated . you can safely remove the file and other apps will be able to pick up the medias in that folder . in any case , if there is any problem you can easily create that file again . it can be a empty file with the name . nomedia . you can use programs like es file explorer to explore to that directory and create the file . edit : as per the comments below which contains very useful information : your music apps may recreate the . nomedia file when you launch it . other players will only be able to play the music if only the musics are drm free .
your problem touches a feature of android that sets it apart from other mobile oses and is a very powerful one ( see below ) : that is all about intents , activities and the back stack that contains your path of visited activities in order for each app . basically an activity is a single gui fullscreen window you see , for example the main activity when you launch an app . if you navigate away from that , lets say to the settings view , the now inactive main view is put on the back stack and so forth . however : this whole behaviour has many switches that are solely customizable by the app developers . see this link for the basic information on those things : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/tasks-and-back-stack.html regarding your specific problem : it might be a difference if the browser was ( 1 ) already open , ( 2 ) had an active twitter tab running ( that got reactivated ) and so forth . try some of these combinations ( use ' force stop ' in the app settings to end browser instances and have an/no open twitter tab in the browser active beforehand ) , and you will find : if you have opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will " re-use " one of them . if you hit back in that browser window it will first go all the way back up the history , one history item at a time . once the history is empty , hitting the back button once more will send you back to the twitter app . if you had not opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will create a new browser window . if you hit back in that browser window the history for that window will already be empty , and you will directly go back to the twitter app . some more information : the unique system are android 's intents . new views are launched by an intent that , for example says ' open this file in a file view ' or ' select a picture in a gallery viewer ' or ' authenticate a my app with facebook ' and so forth . without saying which other app should handle it . you see this when you get a choice menu asking you to select a specific browser ( native/chrome/dolphin/opera ) or one of many file explorers you might have installed . this one of the very powerful android features . apple 's ios is very different to that , apps can not interact with others so closely and facebook integration had to be done in ios6 the hard way for that reason ( directly integrated into ios ) .
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
i have been having the same problem . it is my understanding that as of now that is the default text message vibration and can not be changed
enabling gps and using gps are two different things , when you enable the use of gps on the menu/toggle , you are just allowing the use of gps , that dose no mean you acutely using it , when you see in the graph the little blue lines , that means that some application tried/used the gps and get the exact location ( e . g google now ) . starting with android 4.4 you can check which application used the gps and when under the app permission menu .
when the screen is off and no apps are running in the background ( e . g . to check email ) , your device goes into a low-power state called sleep . in this mode , the cpu runs more slowly ( or maybe the main cpu is turned off and a smaller , more efficient one takes over ) to save power . the awake line in the battery chart shows when the device is not asleep : that is , it shows blue when the screen is on or when an app is running in the background . depending on what kind of background apps you use , you might see brief ticks every 15 minutes or every hour , where the device woke up to perform some scheduled task . if there are long blue segments even when the screen is off , then some buggy app is keeping your device awake . you can investigate which with a tool such as greenify or wakelock detector , and if an app is keeping the device awake , you should report this to the developer . the gps on line indicates when the gps receiver is powered on . this happens whenever an app requests a precise location , and it'll show blue regardless of whether the gps receiver has calculated a position or not . a brief tick means the gps was turned on and then turned off as soon as it calculated a position . this is used by google play services ' geofencing functionality , by google location sharing , google now , and other similar apps that do not track you all the time but want to sample your location occasionally .
having a similar issues on a nexus 7 2012 , from last few days . was working fine since i had bought it in october . i am still facing this issue as i write , after going through various forums , trying the following of workarounds : changing the channel to less crowded ones , although my galaxy s never had a problem with the same router since last 3.5 years turn off wifi , restart , enable wifi . one notable change i did was to remove the sim ( this is is wifi + 3g model ) , just wondering if that caused any issue . the only reason i removed the sim was because it was constantly prompting to restart the device ! ! !
looks like it is related to " wi-fi optimization " option under " advanced " setting in wi-fi screen . by turning it off i can consistently find the wifi ap i was looking for . once it is connected i can turn it on again without negative consequences . edit : nevermind , looks like it only help some of the time , there are still times when the device cannot find the ap every other device has no problem discovering and connecting to . . .
if you have a routed phone/android , log into the system as root and use the program manager " pm " to systematically remove each app/gapp you do not want . if that breaks a feature you need , use pm to put it back and move on to other " bloatware " you want to remove . to use the shell install the android sdk package . i would suggest that you backup a package before removing it : is it possible to backup apk from an installed application ? so , having your clean custom built rom , you should be able to use the same feature to individual install which particular gapp you want from your backup . installing an app is simple from the cli : $ adb install -s example.apk  by the way , this is a good reference for the android debug bridge ( adb ) commands . look at the install section :
you might wish to check with are there any solutions other than flashing gapps , to have google accounts on cyanogenmod ? – where i named an alternative : on xda , you can find the nogapps project , which basically is an opensource replacement of most google apps ( including playstore ) , often mapping to free alternatives ( e . g . openstreetmap for maps ) . the " elements " come as separate packages to install , so you can pick the ones you want – and simply skip the others . status is different for each of the services : some are actively developed , some are " not yet usable " , some seem even to be " abandoned " ( like the playstore replacement blankstore , which is discontinued since 2012 – but luckily seems to have a successor named blank store ) . i have not ( yet ) used it , so i cannot tell which parts are essential or how well those replacements work . but head over and check out for yourself . marvin seems to still actively be on it ( last update of the " lead post " was just a few days ago ) . as for " zero bloatware " and " android without google " , you might also wish to check my answer here ; )
if you can add an app to a restricted profile , but it will not work in a restricted profile , that is a bug in the app . only the developer of the app can fix it : you should report the problem to them through their official support channel so that they can fix it .
maybe if you reset your phone it forgets them and if you reboot it will do the same . try turning it on in airplane mode and see if it works then . perhaps you could ask other people with a nexus 5 if they are having the same problem , if they are it is definitely a specific error to the nexus 5 and you should complain and maybe the manufacturer can sort it out for you .
i have a note 3 with android 4.4.2 and i had the same issue . after disabling google backup , everything is fine now . i could not retrieve my old backed up wifi networks , though .
as izzy said in the comments really your best option is to just buy a new card . they are super cheap especially if you buy online . i just looked on amazon and the cheapest 16 gb sd card i could fine was just over $12.00 us . i am sure you can go to your local electronics store and pick one up for around $20.00 us if you do not want to deal with buying online and shipping and whatnot . but , if you are stingy ( most of us are , lets be honest ! ) , make sure you have migrated all of your apps back to internal storage with appmgr iii . once this is done you can shutdown the phone and remove the sd card . if you want you can create a backup of your sd card just in case you need the data on it in the future . you can just copy and paste all of the files into a folder and then compress it , or you can create a disk image of the drive , whatever is more convenient to you . then turn on your old device with the card not inside of it . go through all of your downloaded apps and see if any of them were relying on data on the card . once you find the apps that need the sd card you can then choose to uninstall and reinstall them , or see if you can transfer the files off of the sd card and then back onto the device and then point the app to the folder . it might take a little bit of screwing around , but perhaps the feeling of having extra cash in your wallet will overcome the frustration of dealing with data migration . good luck !
applications do not have to care where the storage is . they just ask the android system to give them a " pointer " to it . there are specific api calls for this , like getExternalStorageDirectory() . for details , you might check on our sister site : get the right external storage from android devices .
igcamera you can select the audio source that you wish with this app . more info : http://davidhadaller.com/note/2012/jun/02/android-alternate-camera-apps-and-using-bluetooth-audio-input-video
a variety of issues can cause windows to report this device cannot start ( code 10 ) . the first thing to check is to go to windows update and install any relevant updates for your computer . you may also need to select any optional updates which are not yet installed . once the computer is up to date , try reinstalling the device driver provided by the phone manufacturer . you can find these for the motorola droid razr at motorola 's web site ( choose handset usb driver for windows 32-bit or 64-bit depending on which version of windows you have ) . you can also use the motorola device manager to install the drivers .
unrevoked 3 will root the htc desire without replacing the rom , however it does reflash the recovery rom : http://unrevoked.com/#desire
this is to prevent page ads fron draining your battery when you are not using the phone ( for example ) , page execution is stopped . as for opera , i believe they have their own javascript engine , so maybe it is not standards-compliant . or maybe it does not interface well with the android sound system . or maybe the page 's javascript is not standards-compliant .
i have never used it , but here 's one : osmand open-source osm-based gps app with online/offline capabilities and audible navigation . online : maps , routing , search , edit osm poi/bugs . offline : search poi , address , transport , map cache .
flash is only available for android 2.2+ . you will not be able to install it on any older version of android .
android does not natively support pure ipsec client to connect to cisco like vpn concentrators . for that first you need to root your device and install any custom rom with tun kernel module support and install this app http://code.google.com/p/get-a-robot-vpnc/ configuration to be used is , connection name : cisco ( can be anything ) ip sec gateway : get it from vpn profile config file [ * . pcf ] ip sec id : this is the groupname , can found in pcf file ip sec secret : decrypted group password ( encrypted password can be found in pcf file ) decryption tool username : vpn user id password : soft token generated password . leave all other configuration as empty or default .
with a " really old " cisco vpn concentrator , there are pretty good odds that you can get by with a pptp tunnel . especially if you are relying on the native windows client from desktop/laptops ( xp ? ) . however , with exchange in the mix you may not need to establish a vpn . my new employer runs exchange and i am using the " mail " app to connect to it with no fuss or muss . it " just worked " after i plugged in the external mail server address (mail.mycompany.com) and my domain creds .
since it is a day , return it back and get another one is the best solution , afaik . update it is a battery issue and afaik , nobody in this forum is going to put fixes on battery issues . and if i were in your shoes , then i would definitely return that phone and bring back a new one from the seller .
an answer to this question is very implementation specific , and can in fact only be answered for sure by a swiftkey developer , eventually . in general , word suggestions are based on algorithms that are fed by n-gram dictionaries that predict possibilities for the next word you are likely to type . see wikipedia 's n-gram entry to get more insight . 2-gram or 3-gram dictionaries are likely to be used with swiftkey , amongst other techniques . regarding the strange sentence you auto-typed in : this reflects common use of probable 2/3-grams , so blame your fellow users on the poor spelling , it is just what they actually use .
it is due to noise cancellation was on during a call . i turn noise cancellation off now it works fine .
i have been reading that increasing the volume to the max then decreasing it again to minimum seems to work
i do not know about the gmail app ( as i rarely use it ) . but for my normal mail via imap i use k-9 mail , which lets me configure the size limit per mail to download ( defaulting to 25kb afair ) . attachments are only loaded when you hit the button to tell the app you want it . you can also read your gmail mails with k-9 , so both parts of your question are covered .
i have an sgs2 too . the gmail app never downloads your attachments automatically . you will see a list of the attachments at the bottom of the email , with the option to download them . the attachments get downloaded ( and the corresponding bandwidth used ) only when you press download . you can already safely read the email without worrying about gmail using up your bandwidth .
just wanted to thank dean for his answer . " google services " was draining my battery like crazy as well , and after turning off a bunch of google account sync options - including " sync internet " - my s3 's battery life has noticeably improved . i now only sync email , calendar , and contacts . ( i also outright disabled the google search app , though , which includes google now , so that could be playing a part as well . )
after trawling through all manner of options i isolated the root cause of this issue . within google account sync i had a look at all available settings and the one that seemed to be causing an issue was ' sync internet ' option which was just constantly running ( and appearing to be keeping the phone awake . switching this off has got back my battery back to normal . i still have no idea why my phone was trying to sync the entire internet :- )
you have to go to Edit contact , then press the menu key , then select Join . this gives you the list of suggested contacts to join . works for me between google contacts and facebook on galaxy s + cyanogenmod 7.1 .
you can use the join feature to merge facebook contacts as well .
if you are only looking to have your contacts ' display images synced with their facebook avatars , i recommend you take a look at the freeware syncmypix - it is a little unwieldy but tends to do the job .
if you are rooted , you could ramp up the minimum cpu voltage when the screen is off . that will certainly fix your problem-- or if you have a lot of applications running in the background all the time , you could set your min free mem values a bit higher . but if you are not rooted-- keeping the screen on is not a desirable solution since it will drain your battery very , very quickly . since you are on 2.3.6 , i would say a bit of patience could do the trick-- your phone should only freeze once in a blue moon-- try uninstalling some applications that are high-ranked on your battery usage .
i tried screebl , screeen on , smartlite but none of them seemed to fix it . finally tried *#36# , it opened up a screen with a list of items one of which was proximity sensor test . i selected it and saw text written in chinese/ korean language . . i tried my luck clikcing a button ( whih had some chinese text ) it did something and after sometime the button disappeared . i am not facing screen off during call/after call issue anymore .
i faced a similar problem , resolved the problem . it was to do with proximity sensor and the screen protector blocking the proximity sensor . you should check for the same and cut off the plastic from the blocking area . note that the proximity sensor is at a small circle at the top left of the phone . let me know if it worked
before cutting the plastic off of the proximity sensor , try cleaning the area out with a damp q-tip . i had this problem and it was caused by a bit of dust/whatever accumulation .
i purchased an a9 today and i am having the same problem . if you have a screen guard , make sure it is not covering the proximity sensor . that worked for me .
i had the same problem , and dialing *#36# to reset the proximity sensor fixed it .
i have karbonn a9 , android 2.3.6 . when making calls the screen turns off and comes on pressing the power button . but sometimes it fails to come on , forcing me to restart it by removing the battery . problem come sence i leminat mobile . . before it was work fine . . i got solution here : screebl lite app install and active it . . proximity sensor off app install and ' disable accidental lock ' disable it it is work on my karbonn a9 mobile tommorow i will remove lamination of mobile then ? ? should problem will not come again . .
try using screebl . it fixed the issue for me .
no , download mode does not provide you with access to the phone 's files , and yes , the error message you see looks very much like it is telling you you are trying to boot an unsigned rom from a locked bootloader .
you can have a look at this app
option 1 ( no data at all ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> uncheck " mobile data " the device will no longer connect to the internet , but continue to receive calls and text . mms are not possible . option 2 ( data only for mms ) ( source ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> access point names --> select your data apn --> apn type remove in the field apn type everything but " mms " . you have to leave " mobile data " enabled ( see option 1 )
windows av would scan threats against the its operating system , nothing more . perhaps you may try a scan on sd card for hidden viruses but nothing else . i suggest you try the following apps antivirus security avg lookout security and antivirus https://play.google.com/store/search?q=antivirusc=apps
if your phone is rooted windows can access all files includeing pre installed stuff on rom but however like most people said windows scanner is in windows code etc so scanning it would be useless but if rooted your pc can delete rom installed programes etc from the command line or a basic apk phone manegemnet programme like apk installer will do it as well
not usefully . you need different software to run on your android device to what you run on your windows desktop because they use completely different formats for programs . an android program is a different sort of beast to a windows program . a virus-scanner for windows understands the format of windows programs , and has a list of known viruses for windows . if it looked at an android program , it would not understand what behaviour it would do , and it would not find it in its list of windows viruses . the best you could do with a windows virus-scanner is to scan the sd card of your android device to see if it contains any windows programs which would , if run on your windows computer , be viruses . that is to say , it is exactly like virus-scanning a usb stick . it is only useful if you use your android device as a usb stick , to transfer programs from one windows computer to another .
forgive me my sarcasm , but if you are looking for a virus on android , you could also use a flatbed scanner : ) honestly : no , you can not use your windows av program for that . if you really want to detect all malware possible sitting on your device , the app would need to access the entire device , including internal storage . windows can not do that , as android would not let it . usually , only the sdcard ( s ) are exposed to an attached pc . as for my initial sarcasm ( which i hope you forgive me ) : the term " virus " is quite ambiguous . see this wikipedia article : a computer virus is a computer program that can replicate itself and spread from one computer to another . there is nothing like that for android . which is , strictly speaking , an av scanner is as effective as a flatbed scanner here ( or vice-versa ) . the article continues : the term " virus " is also commonly , but erroneously , used to refer to other types of malware , including but not limited to adware and spyware programs that do not have a reproductive ability . so you are more likely looking for malware : ) still , you cannot do that from your windows computer .
you are looking for fotakill . apk , it kills the firmware over the air ( fota ) . " prevents googleservicesframework from downloading ota updates " it is a fairly standard apk used and provided with some gapps packages ( google apps package , when you install a custom rom you do not get the google apps , need to install a gapps package ) . . it works for both stock and rooted roms the xda forums have more information about it and download links of the apk , it originated from the cm rom ( cyanogenmod ) but works on stock as well as custom roms . source code : https://github.com/zinx/fotakill download etc for example from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1832496
go into settings -> accessibility -> uncheck the checbox power button ends call . now during call , when you press the power button , the screen locks ; pin/pattern/password screen appears . i have tested on my device but not on nexus 5 . have to do in emulator .
according to this thread google talk will attempt to connect over port 80 if it is other ports are blocked . google talk will work over port 80 . if you are using the official client , it will even switch to trying 80 if the normal port ( 5222 ) is blocked . that said , if your employer is blocking talk . google . com instead of port 5222 , you will probably find yourself up a creek . : ) sounds like your best bet is to stop using their wi-fi and use 3g for connection to google talk .
google talk on the android phone only tries port 5222 and if it fails it will not try port 80 ( as the specification requires ) . but there is another answer : imo ( available on google play ) works over port 80 , so it will work behind a corporate firewall . and it is a really good app .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
a lot of corporate networks block the 5xxx ports . i am not entirely sure what google talk uses as i have read 5222 and 5228 . the google talk client for windows falls back to port 443 if the connection using port 5xxx is unsuccessful . however the android client does not do this . it only tries on port 5xxx . unfortunately at the moment the only solution is to contact your corporate it and ask them to allow access using the 5xxx port .
the app 's description on the playstore does not speak of " unzipping files to your sdcard " . it rather seems to simply " handle " them , only temporarily extracting files to process them . which would explain why you cannot find the files anywhere outside the zip-file itself ( or outside that app ) . if you want to extract files to handle them separately , you might rather wish to take a look at e.g. androzip dateimanager instead , which is explicitly stating to extract files : androzip file manager helps you copy , delete , move , unzip/unpack , compress , encrypted zip supported , search , and organize your files , music , pictures , and folders just like you would do on your pc .
it is to make it cheaper to manufacture in bulk . the part with the actual transformer in is the same for every country , and the other half ( with the plug itself ) is different for each country . making the complicated part global means they do not have to redesign the whole transformer for each country , and the manufacturer can benefit from increased economies of scale , reducing the price . most transformers for today 's gadgets follow the same design . in the drawer in front of me i have examples from apple , sennheiser , and asus , as well as samsung , all in two parts . usually , it is possible to take the two pieces apart again , it just needs a bit of a wiggle and some practice . this makes it easier to use another country 's plug if you are travelling , but apart from that there is no reason to . if you can add a photo of the particular kind of adaptor you have , i can probably add instructions for how to take it apart .
i installed them all again . while google play knew my apps , it did not automatically install them again . so pressing install on every app brought them back . about backup , i found that the android sdk has a backup function that backups everything , installed apps as well , next them i use that , maybe this makes reinstallation of apps unnecessary .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
since the anwer seems to be : " no there is not " , my workaround was to use an rss-reader widget , and the following rss url : search.twitter.com/search.rss?q=keyword . i think its strange i have to go through such hoops , since twitter provides a html-widget for exactly this purpose . i was expecting at least one android app to mimic this functionality .
there do not seem to be any widgets that let you monitor twitter for certain keywords , but here 's a workaround that might do the trick . try an application like meta widget . it can turn any webpage to a widget .
maybe u can try this ( tweetcaster for twitter ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handmark.tweetcasterfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5oyw5kbwfyay50d2vldgnhc3rlcijd
i do not think you can do something like that in a widget . however i allways wanted to test this app falcon pro ( for twitter ) , but i do not think you can have a widget , but you can make a search and save it for latter and do not have to retype every time . janetter for twitter has this option of saving searches and notifies you about them , but it does not have a widget . . .
samsung kies sucks horribly . the only way i have gotten it to work is to run it in Compatible with Windows XP (Service Pack 3) and running it as a administrator . it should work fine then .
i actualy got it by doing the update from a windows 7 computer . kies seems to have difficulties with windows 8 .
just announced 24 july 2013 is google play games . the play games platform was first announced at google i/o back in may , but until now , there wasn’t a dedicated app ; you could see your achievements and online leaderboards inside your apps , but there was nothing that brought that all together . the play games app changes that . it shows you all of your play games compatible titles , as well as those your friends are playing . and if you don’t yet have any play games friends , the built-in suggestion feature will help you find some . asphalt 8 airborne , riptide gp2 , and prince of persia : the shadow and the flame are just a few of the titles that support google play games , and you’ll find hundreds more in google play . that is not to say that individual developers or partnerships might not aggregate their own games in their own " game center " . for instance mobage , openfeint ( recently killed ) , and the new rovio accounts .
" cell standby " = " background sync " . and if your wifi turns off on screen off , apps will use 3g instead . you might want to check your wifi policy , which is hidden in the " advanced " menu : when in " network and wireless " -> " wifi " , hit the menu button and select " advanced " . here , switch your wifi policy to " always on " -- so it will stay on when the display is switched off , which means no 3g fallback as long as wifi is available . i have read about this issue a couple of times , and many report setting the wifi standby policy as described above largely improves the situation . update : i obviously wrote bullshit here . i left the bullshit in ( but striked it so you can see where i was wrong ) . closer investigation brought me to this : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? . so basically my reasoning here was wrong , but luckily the recommendations still match somehow : )
according to the android dev guide , files written to the internal storage such as the angry birds data cannot be accessed by other applications by default . i am guessing that rovio used mode_world_readable instead of the default , however . maybe this was a mistake or maybe they plan on having future apps being able to read your progress and unlock sometihng , or whatever . of course , this does not bar the possibility that an android exploit is being used to bypass the file privacy , but who really knows besides the author of the backup app ?
matt , contacts groupu is a free app that let 's you create groups and sync w/ gmail groups . i stopped using it months ago because it turned out seperating my contacts was not that impoertant to me afterall . i do recall that it was a little quirky at first which caused some duplicate groups . play around with it and figure out the difference between groupu groups and synced groups before you spend time getting things organized .
sunpech is correct about that . however , it does not quite work in the way you are envisioning it . your groups in your google contacts do not sort your contacts in your phone , instead you are simply able to specify to android which of those groups you want synced . when you are in your contact list ( in android ) you can hit menu and go to " display options " and choose your preferences there . the actual appearance of the " display options " screen will vary depending on your version of android , but ultimately , you will be able to choose which groups to include in your contacts , and even specify to only display those with phone numbers . i hope this clears things up for you .
i do not know of any way to do that on the android device directly . but you can create groups within your contacts in gmail , and it will sync down to your device .
go to the htc site and download the official ruu file for the htc one and run it . there should be an explanation on htc 's site or you could ask them to walk you through it . this will fix the security bootloader thing and update your phone .
use syncmypix ( appbrain | market ) , it links up contacts with your facebook friends based on names and downloads their profile picture for your contact picture . it might take a few tweaks for incomplete/weird names the first time round but should only take a few minutes . you can set it to run routinely to keep them up to date too !
as far as i know , full facebook integration with pictures with the native app has not yet come to ics . for you to get that kind of integration would need you to hack the contacts source code and add it . additionally , even if they did come , i would guess that the app pull smaller low-res pics designed for 2.3 or lower as ics uses full screen contact tiles instead , your best bet is to use the app friendcaster . it is a fully featured facebook application that also has ics support , facebook integration with contacts and the ability to download high resolution pictures . it works perfectly on my phone running ics 4.0.3
the official facebook app will add pictures to your contacts if you set it to sync your contacts . looks like @dunhamzzz got the syncmypix part in before me , i did not get a message that said that there had been a new answer , though . i do not like that the facebook app removes all the data that it adds to your contacts if you remove the application . to counter the facebook issue , i use an app called syncmypix that can pull your facebook contacts and put the image on your contact on your device . the nice thing about syncmypix , if it does not match a contact , it lets you go through them at the end and say " sync this facebook contact with this android contact " , and it remembers that mapping so the next time you sync , they are " connected "
haxsync will sync facebook ( high res ) photos to your ics device .
try *#*#4636#*#* in your dial pad ( type the * and # also ) . under Phone information you will find Preferred network type . select GSM or WCDMA from there . you will find WCDMA preferred this will use both 2g and 3g whichever has the better reception WCDMA only this will use only 3g GSM only this will use only 2g
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.mangelow.network please install this app and try the option wcdma only
try this link - google play apk . try upgrading it later if an update is available . edit : open any browser and go to playstore and try to install any application so that website may prompt to install play store before continuing . ( or ) 1 - there is a chance that you have unknowingly disabled play store permanently in app manager . to re-enable it again just follow menu> settings> apps/app manager> disabled apps and enable it . 2 - you can also use apps like cleanmaster to perform above job .
it happens to my dellxcd too . i think u cant use both bluetooth and wifi in xcd at same time .
there is an application in google play named blade wifi fix ; it will solve your problem .
these apps really work . there are lot of apps that i have used to reduce eye strains such as lux auto brightness , darker pro , juice defender ' s brightness settings , etc .
it sounds like your bootloader is locked , which is different from rooting . with a locked bootloader , you can only flash official signed factory images ; with it unlocked , you can flash anything to any partition . if you are following google 's directions for installing factory images , you will see that one of the steps is to run a fastboot oem unlock command . this unlocks the phone 's bootloader . it also erases all your data . ( but installing the l preview system image will do that anyway . )
easy solution for anybody with a card-reader in their pc . ( relaid from : forum.xda-developers.com/ ) place the card in your pc 's card reader and determine the drive designation ( i.e. . , g:\ , h:\ , etc . ) download the fat32format utility in gui version from here : http://www.ridgecrop.demon.co.uk/guiformat.exe . click on the picture to retrieve the file . launch the guiformat . exe . choose the drive that corresponds to your sd card . choose the size of the sd card you are formatting . check the quick format box . press start . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1773735
thanks for answers ! it turned out to be a hardware issue . i returned the phone and they repaired it , after which other formatting fixes mentioned above worked ( i can not remember which one at the moment ) .
firstly you are saying there is no option to format the memory card in fat32 on windows 7 . which version of windows 7 are you using ? ? ? i have windows 7 home premium and ultimate both have the fat32 as default , infact they have four options to format i.e. ntfs , fat , fat32 ( default ) , and exfat . and secondly yes you will need to format that memory card in fat32 format for it to work .
the s3 mini only supports up to 32gb microsd cards . link and for reference , no , windows does not support fat32 formatting above 32gb .
there is an app here that allows you to do that according to the description ( along with many more things ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.androidlosthl=en if you want to code your own application then you will want to check out this intent and the two intents below it ( action_battery_low , action_battery_okay ) : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html#action_battery_changed and this class which has what the intent contains : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/batterymanager.html you could have your application pick up the action_battery_low intent and then send a message to you warning you about the status . i am assuming you have done some android development before , if not then get the basics down before coming back and trying to code your battery app .
in adb shell issue the following command : dumpsys package packages  this gives you all the information about installed packages , including the version number . you can then play around with grep utility to narrow down the results to only the lines you need : dumpsys package packages | grep -E 'Package \[|versionName'  the above returns something similar to this :
i use this app from google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cz.ox.applisthl=en description : write down all installed applications into the text or html file and save it on memory card into the installedapps directory . in default , it creats log after each installed/uninstalled application . check setup button in application for more settings . basic php script for auto upload you can find at http://www.2ox.cz/applist/ i am not author of this app .
groups are not available in the facebook app . you will have to go to the website via m . facebook . com or touch . facebook . com
facebook have just released version 1.4 of their official facebook app for android , this has support for both the new places and groups features ( this is the new groups feature where you can group your friends , not the old groups feature which is a bit like the current pages feature ) . if you have already got the official facebook app installed , then you should be able to update though the market app . otherwise just download it from there !
edit : i do realize there is the option to hide the dialpad and input box during the call . however , whenever i need to use the dialpad again i need to make it visible , which then shows my password still at the top . that is an indication of proximity sensor , when the handset is near the ear , the screen blanks out , when you are pulling the handset away , the screen comes back on and can see the dialpad , along with the numbers entered ! is there any way to clear it after entering it ? when you make a check to voicemail , you are dialing the number , then enter the password , then after checking the voicemail , you hangup , does that not clear the dialer ? in certain dialers , you can actually long press on the dialpad 's top screen to bring up a menu , to select all , then cut . . . or long press on the keypad 's backspace button maybe , if this does not suffice , then the only thing that comes to mind , is to either shield the screen from prying eyes or , use an alternative dialer .
try booting into recovery and backup there if you have an option . if not , then wipe it there or with the key combination : volume up+home+power source : www.phonetipsandtricks.com/tips/sony-xperia-u/hard-reset-factory-reset-14/
i had a similar problem , for me i had to go into the " profile " i was using " default , silent , work , ect . " , and change the phone setting for vibrate to off .
the workaround i use is one of the labs features : canned responses . on my android device i then use an app called " responses " that takes your canned responses from the associated gmail account and copies it to your clipboard . you then just paste it into your email . you can even have images , etc . , in the canned responses .
the feature you are looking for is not available with the gmail app ( yet ) . ( source ) . you can not even add any type of rich-text signature to your mobile app . devs say that this feature is still being worked on . the only option available to you is to add a simple text signature through the app .
i guess your device drivers was not successfully installed in your pc here is couple of things you can do , : uninstall kies go to device manager of your pc and remove/uninstall anything related to samsung reboot your device ( optional ) then download kies to your computer and while installing dont connect your s4 with pc . after installation connect your device and let it install device driver sucessfully . hope this will help you , for more information see this s4 connect issue link 2
this is impossible because the setting does not exist . maybe you coud broadcast to these people or try a alternative app .
the blank space disappears when you restart the phone .
i am assuming that you are talking about home screen . if yes , press and hold on clock widget and drag it up . i will answer more precisely if you post a screenshot .
the google search bar is built into the launcher . you can disable the bar , but you can not remove the empty space . the best bet would be to use another launcher ( like you mentioned ) or to install a custom rom . i have a moto g as well , and although i love the stock android look , i am now using nova launcher due to it is customizability and the ability to remove the search bar .
answer is in their faq : the free version is advertisement supported while the premium version is not . both the free and premium versions have the same set of features at this point except the premium version will get faster updates .
i have got a nexus s running a 4.2.2 rom . i just noticed i am not getting delta updates about a week ago . though i have been on 4.2.2 . for much longer , so it could be another problem not related to the android version , especially since the play store can update independently from android .
unckecking the Sync gallery will not remove the albums . just uninstall Facebook application from your phone . this will remove all your facebook albums from the stock gallery . upon reinstalling facebook , do not forget to uncheck Sync gallery . this did the trick for me : )
just in case somebody stumbles upon this question - you do not need to uninstall facebook . just open the gallery , press the menu button and go to " content to display " option . uncheck facebook there . done .
uninstall facebook . then go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Gallery &gt; Clear Data .
from the android emulator docs : at startup , the emulator reads the list of dns servers that your system is currently using . it then stores the ip addresses of up to four servers on this list and sets up aliases to them on the emulated addresses 10.0.2.3 , 10.0.2.4 , 10.0.2.5 and 10.0.2.6 as needed . source : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html so , it is possible that if you have more than 4 dns servers configured , the emulator will not know about them . i do see that you are passing the -dns-server arg on the command line , so can you paste the command line and all args you are using the start your emulator ?
some pointers : the emulator ( it is qemu ! ) does in fact nat the client , has a tiny dhcp server implementation included . the real issue must be here . try to reconfig it to ' bridge ' the client traffic ( search ' qemu bridging + your os ' or ' android emulator bridging ' , etc . ) look at ip and routing conf : adb shell , then ' ip link ' , ' ip addr ' , ' ip route ' if it matches your real network before and after having done bridging setup
i have written a small android app that can be used to set the process limit by using java reflection to access the internal api . on android 4.0 you do not even need to install it as a system app . this is required for android 4.2 or so onward . https://github.com/flode/setandroidprocesslimit thank you @t0mm13b for the internal api reference ; )
do not think its meant for persisting . . . see dianne hackborn 's comment also had a mosey around the ics source code found in packages/apps/Settings/src/com/android/settings/DevelopmentSettings.java source code to the related screen , found on android 's github . by looking for the variable that is associated with settings > developer options > background process limit ( see line number 103 ) and ( see line number 215 ) called mAppProcessLimit . with that in mind , keep looking further down in the source , the routine that is responsible for saving the settings for this particular screen called onPreferenceTreeClick . that is , in programming parlance , called a " listener " that is monitoring the changes made on that screen and writes it out immediately to the backing store by android . ( see between line numbers 790 and 858 ) unfortunately , the " listener " , in this case , does not have a reference to the persisting/saving of the value for that variable mAppProcessLimit ; which is what the op is experiencing , set it for the duration of when the handset is alive , then upon reboot , it gets lost . in short , you cannot do anything about this as that is built straight from the oven , and bundled onto your handset , but with that in mind , you can roll-your-own-custom rom variant of ics with a modified version of the source to do that .
this would be possible if your rooted your phone and wrote an installed a new kernel usb driver which made it look like a supported network adapter . needless to say that would be a project requiring quite a bit of expertise and effort - it is probably going to be cheaper to get a supported adapter , and not tie up your phone in the process .
this will almost certainly be impossible . your xbox does not have usb drivers for your android phone .
actually there is a way to do this , but it must be done before applying latest batch of updates , so maybe it will not be as practical as one might expect , as you will find out below : go to the app drawer and drag up the play store icon , to app info . tap the button clear data and confirm next time you start play store app , it will greet you asking you to accept the tos again , do it . now the list of recently updated apps will be merged with earlier ones , and next update batch , when done , will show on top of the list . to be honest , i do not recommend you this procedure because of potential collateral effects derived from clearing app data too frequently . i am posting this answer only for informative purposes , but i would rather go with the answer given by @krampus
there is no way to do it via the play store , but there are other ways to do it . you can use something like appmonster or titanium backup ( if rooted ) to display the list of apps ordered by last update date . this will show you the order in which all apps were last updated , as well as the date of the update . to me this a lot more useful than the recently updated list in the play store . it is not a perfect solution , but it gets the job done : )
changelog droid might work for you . essentially , it pops a notification with the " what is new " section from the play store of each app that gets updated .
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
in the google+ app , tap the " hamburger " menu in the upper left . it should show your cover image , your profile image and name , and a menu of options : home , people , photos , etc . tap the downpointing arrow next to your name . you will probably 1 see an option to " select google+ page " with a right-pointing arrow . tap that . now you should see your page ( s ) available in a menu . tap it . you are now using google+ " as " that page . to go back to your personal profile , follow the same steps , but choose your profile where before you chose your page . 1 if you have done this before , then the page you used before will be listed here along with " switch google+ page " ( if you have more than one page to manage ) . this also assumes that your google+ account is set as a manager/owner of the page in question .
i suggest you to see this link . possibly it will solve http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=787641
it is possible to use android handsets as a sip phone . there is not even a requirement for a call/data plan , you do not need a sim inserted for it to work . search for sip on google play and you will find some : csipsimple sipdroid to clarify : you most probably mixed something up , a sip ata is an analog telephone adapter , a device that speaks sip on the one an pots on the other side and converts an old telephone into a sip phone . android phones will not do that , they are a handset on their own and have no pots interface . bluetooth will also not help you to connect to asterisk . asterisk is a sip server and does not allow android handsets to pair via bluetooth for calls ( that is solely for using bluetooth enabled phones as fx0/fxs channels for faxing/making calls ) .
there is a sip client built right into your phone ( gingerbread and above ) . you can find this either in general settings , or in settings for the phone dialer app . e.g. in jellybean : go to the phone dialer page ( as if you were going to make a call ) choose the menu ( bottom right vertical " . . . " ) tap settings scroll down to " accounts " and tap it . enter your sip account info . simple as that ! depending on what sip service you are connecting to , you may find yourself in the world of codecs . the built-in dialer will try to use the following codecs : gsm-efr amr gsm g711u g711a if you are using regular an asterisk-based sip server , then it will mostly likely end up using g711 ( aka ulaw ) . i am still experimenting , but so far i have had more luck with gsm and was able to tweak my asterisk server to use that instead . if you are using a 3rd party service , then chances are they have enabled gsm already . that said , i did use csipsimple to get as far as i did . it allows easy selection of which codecs will be used when ( wifi vs 3/4g ) , so it made debugging much simpler . ( btw , their store version is quite old at the time i am writing this . you can also download daily builds and try those . )
well occasionally when you update firmware , your router at home will have problems with the new firmware on your phone ( due to out-of-date drivers , old firmware on the router , router is unsupported by new firmware , etc . ) so if it works everywhere else pretty well , this might be your issue . my recommendation : try downloading a different kernel ( there are plenty out there for the s2 ) , your best bet looking on the xda-forums , maybe start here ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=665
google play music has two modes , one of which displays the album art fairly small ( about 1/8 of the display ) . it does not really use the space to give the title and the artist more prominence , though . on the other hand , instead of a blank square it uses auto-generated album art that consists of album and artist name and a solid coloured area .
found this page while trying to solve the same problem on my nexus 5 . here is the succinct answer that worked for me : you need root and to install an app called sd maid ( play store link ) , run it is " corpsefinder " function , remove the corpses , and reboot . force closes and 960 errors stopped for me after doing this . i elaborate more here on this thread on androidforums.com. hope this helps !
there is a guide posted on t-mobile for people with samsung phones that already include this feature to sync sms messages between phones using the microsoft exchange server , live or hotmail account . i will outline the steps here for archiving purposes . link to guide : http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-7313 android 4.1 and higher open email . press menu . touch settings . touch the exchange email address . touch more ( this many not be available in all devices ) . select ( turn on ) or clear ( turn off ) the check box for sms sync . android 1.5 - 4.0 from the device settings menu , touch accounts and sync . touch your exchange email account . select ( turn on ) or clear ( turn off ) the check box for sync sms or sync text . note : for this feature to work , your exchange server must support it .
i noticed an application on the android store called " mysms " that seems to sync between phone , tablet , and pc/mac . maybe this is the solution to your problem . downloadable from : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.smshl=en the same company also has a premium service for 2 phone syncing - which has the same features as above but specifically for sycning 2 phones together . since the other app does not require a premium ( paid ) service , its worth trying to see if that does the job for free . if not , then it might be worth trying out their second app . this is the premium version for 2 phones : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.mirrorhl=en hope this helps .
i know this is a reply to an old post . . but i have been running kismet on an original droid with a 8 gig micro-sd card . 4 gig is fat32 for the phone pics , vids , and such . . . . the other 4 gig had debian squeeze running on it . not to hard to setup . . ( i should make a tut : ) lol once the phone is rooted ( must have ) . . you can just use the freebee linux installer from the market . uncheck the loop box in settings , and change the device install to /sd-ext . further at the bottom you will need to change the device to mmcblk0p2 . . or whatever you actual ext2 formated linux partition is . you can type " mount " into terminal , and it will list all the currently mounted directories and partitions . you want to make sure that mmcblk0p2 or whatever is mounted to /sd-ext . the phones by default will mount the linux partition on the sdcard at boot , but just check and make sure . . i suggest connecting to wifi with fast inets for this . . although your 3g with good bars will work just fine for this too : ) just follow the buttons . . 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) 1 is extract debian to * * 2 is install debian to sd card 3 is install script . be patient . . . each step will take time . if you get errors . . check the log . . . each device is a little different , but you will get it : ) i have my kismet log dumps going to the fat32 partition on the sdcard . this way it is very easy to get the files you need for things like kismet log viewer . . . : ) or backtrack : ) enjoy , i hope this sparks some fun for you : )
there are quite a few apps capable of detecting wifi networks , however , pixie ( root only ) is the only passive wifi detector that i am aware of .
looks like there are several options . here are a couple of the more popular apps : wififofum appbrain description : wififofum scans for 802.11 wifi networks and displays information about each including : ssid , mac , rssi , channel , and security . wififofum also allows you to connect to networks you find and log the location using the gps . kml logs can be emailed . wifi scanner appbrain description : *no ads *option to connect added for open networks ! ! ! *update comming soon a free wifi scanner for wireless networks for android . the wifi signal is displayed in dbm format ! if you are looking to sniff traffic try : shark for root appbrain description : traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions .
i use wifi analyzer , a free tool which gives a good range of wifi detections . it will show you things like signal strengths , encryption levels , ssids on overlapping channels and a few other details .
since the vm decides when to stop the application in order to save\clear memory for other applications you cant decide which application you can keep in the forground . hope it helps .
seems the only way to do it was to open up the document through the browser , selecting desktop mode . then " view spreadsheet mode " right at the bottom . then it'll load it up like it would if you loaded it from a computer . then you can select file -> email as attachment . bit of a crappy process . . .
i would suggest trying k-9 mail , like mr . buster already said . it is imap support is better than the stock app 's . for me , it receives my emails almost faster than thunderbird on my desktop due to push support .
i would get back in touch with your email provider 's tech support . we know that your phone and network are working correctly ( your other accounts work fine ) and that your phone 's apps are working correctly ( you found no difference with k9 ) . that means it is the imap connection you are trying to make with this particular server . do they have any backup servers you can try to connect to ? if you create a new account with them , for testing purposes , does it do the same thing ? some providers prefer connections to use pop3 versus imap - using pop3 connection , do your symptoms change ? your provider should be able and willing to help with all of these questions . if not , politely ask to be escalated to a lead .
i think i have finally solved this one by using some of the folder settings in k9 . in settings --> account settings --> fetching mail , i set Poll Folders and Push Folders to " only first class folders " , and this seems to have done the job . to be honest , i am not sure what these settings mean exactly , but i will live with that .
check that you have correct date time settings both in the phone and in the server , perhaps you have set wrong timezone or set an incorrect am/pm , and this somehow confuses the mail client about which messages to get .
the android emulator does not currently support this , unfortunately . there is a configuration file in the build system that determines whether or not to enable the user accounts feature , and it is disabled in the emulator images distributed by google . you can star this issue on the bug tracker in the meantime . however there are two alternatives you can look at : you can alter the configuration file and build a new emulator image from the aosp source and use that in place of the system image that the avd uses by default . the file in question is in /frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml within the android source . there should be an option named config_multiuserMaximumUsers which needs to be set to a value greater than 1 . you can try the jar of beans emulator package . it has experimental support for multiple user accounts . note , however , that this is an x86 emulator , not an arm one .
you have to request the correct driver from evolio for your device , i think this is a pure driver issue . http://evolio.ro/en/tablet-pc/evotab-3-tablet-pc.html
different makes call it different things . android calls it the recent apps list ( press it , it say 's recent apps ) .
this is called ' recents ' - you can see info about it here
i do not know if there is an official name , but it is usually called the task switcher or recent tasks button . if you are writing instructions/manual , you may want to avoid calling it a button since older android devices do not have a dedicated task switching button ( the task switcher on my old phone was accessed by long press on the home button , for example ) . instead , try to word it so that it is clear that you want them to switch to another task and leave the specifics for several common ways in various devices on a side track .
have you tried opening android market from the home screen , with a data connection ? i had a similar problem with android market details pages and web site and in-app payment methods being broken . eventually i entered through the front door on the device and it made me ok all the new rules and started working again . someone at google screwed up and broke the app unless you use the home screen regularly , lol .
i would just say make sure you have a wifi connection going on and have the google market app open . i think it will update itself after some time . i think it can just take a little while .
this happened to me previously . all i did was just wait and it eventually updated to play store .
is this what you are looking for [ paid app ] : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en however , if you are willing to go through a lengthy process [ but free ] , you can follow the tutorial here to access your phone via pc .
give androidscreencast a try . you may already need to have usb debugging enabled for it to work , but you have said you already have that enabled , so should be ok . it just needs a usb connection to the phone and goes over the adb protocol .
is the Coursera HTML5 player an app installed onto the device ? if so , have you tried disabling it in the app settings menu ? from ics , system apps could be disabled .
i just download the videos upfront and watch them with mx player .
there are a number of unofficial applications in the market ( google play , amazon ) . i have also developed my own application : coursera on the go . a free version is here ! coursera on the go free
without any additional tools , this should be possible via adb shell or a terminal app , using the netstat command : netstat --tcp --listening -p should list up all listening ports along with the app behind it . but it might very well be ( as in your case , obviously ) that the -p parameter requires root ; and without it , the output will not show the app holding the port open . however , netstat plus might offer what you need : netstat plus and connection list ( source : google play ; click for larger image ) i did not try this app myself , but the screenshots suggest it does exactly what you need : listing apps with the used ports and status along . no word that it requires root . it further seems to work at least from gingerbread ( 2.3.6 is explicitly mentioned ) onwards to at least jelly bean 4.3 ( also explicitly mentioned ) . an alternative would be connection list ( second screenshot ) .
the following is no complete solution , but at least a work-around , avoiding a long reboot : there are apps like quick boot ( others have things like " fast reboot " and the like in their names/descriptions ) . other suggested by those names , they do not really reboot your device , but simply restart the system server ( for details , please take a look at can somebody explain the boot process of an android device ? – the system server is started at step 5 of 6 boot steps , so this skips more than half of the way down and up , effectively resulting in a process about 3 times as fast as a complete reboot ) . while this way all your apps are killed as a side effect ( as they require the system server to work ) , it is still a lot faster than a real reboot , and thus " less hazzle " .
be sure that google voice is not configured to also send text messages you receive to your mobile as a text message ( sms charges apply ) in addition to showing up in the google voice app ( sms charges do not apply ) . from google voice help : with google voice for android , text messages are sent through your data plan , as opposed to your text messaging plan , so there will not be any text messaging charges for messages that you send to numbers in the us or canada . note : if you have your mobile phone listed as one of your forwarding phones in your google voice account , replies will come to the google voice app , but will also be duplicated in the android messaging app . depending on your carrier , you may be charged for your received text messages . to disable this and only have messages sent to the google voice app , sign in at voice.google.com, then go to settings > voice settings > phones > ( your mobile number ) > edit > receive text messages on this phone > uncheck and save . if it helps , i have drawn a flowchart for a previous answer that helps illustrate the difference .
if you do not want to receive text messages on your actual phone number and only receive them via your google voice number , just call your carrier and tell them to disable text messaging . i used to do that , back when i had a plan that charged for messages . just tell them to disable incoming and outgoing text messages , and you will not have to worry about any future charges . the google voice app sends and receives text messages as standard data , and it does not use the carrier 's texting abilities . so disabling texting through your carrier will not inhibit your ability to use google voice for texting .
opengts provides fleet tracking , and there is a ( paid ) android app on the market . given that it is open source , it is always possible someone ( you ? ) could develop a free app as well .
here 's a good , open and decentralized alternative which appeared recently : mqttitude a google latitude replacement based on mqtt mqttitude enables a device to periodically publish its location status to your mqtt broker . if you have previously used latitude , you can think of this as a a decentralized latitude . summary : whether you want to keep track of your own location or that of a family member ( with their consent , of course ) , mqttitude will let you do that in a safe way . there are at least two components you will want to use : one of our apps , and an mqtt broker . the app speaks to the broker . other programs ( we have a few for you , but you can create others yourself ) speak to the broker as well . the smartphone app publishes location data , and the other programs subscribe to that data . a program can store the data in a database , send it someplace ( careful with that ! ) , or simply discard it ( which would not really be useful now , would it ? ) . for the time being documentation is , ahem , a bit lacking , but you might find something useful on our development site . links website api github
quick marketplace search for wifi notify resulted in the following : wifinotify
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
you can try go sms pro and arabic for go keyboard .
try this : - settings > language and input > keyboards and input methods tab samsung keyboard settings , then select input languages , you will get a list of downloaded and available ( to download ) languages .
some app might be triggering the phone to wake up . did you check if there any app holding screen wakelock with wakelock detector ? play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uzumapps.wakelockdetector
this appears to be baked in to the stock rom you are using . there are widgets , like silentwidget which will let you toggle the silent mode without using the power button method , although this requires you to go to the launcher to do this - to get around this , have a look at a multitasking app like powerstrip which will allow you to launch apps , see widgets and more from anywhere on your device without having to go back to the launcher .
i have found a few bluetooth headsets that would do this . for example the motorokr s9 : works with any brand of bluetooth®-enabled compatible phone or music device that supports advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) and audio video remote control profile ( avrcp ) . however this is a bit offputting : for optimal outdoor performance , position music device in close proximity to and in line of sight with the s9 's internal antenna , which is located in the base behind the user 's head . placement of the music device in a front pocket is not recommended . so they had be fine as long as i strap my phone to my back or hold the phone like the model in the photo on the linked page is . hmm . a few other bluetooth headsets i have looked at include : motorola ht820 ( a bit bulky , but does have a wired option ) nokia bh-503 ( my current favourite ) . i would still prefer a wired solution if possible so will keep looking . i have found that the samsung galaxy 's trrs connector is left-right-mic-ground , so it definitely will not work with iphone headphones ( which are left-right-ground-mic ) . however this does mean it may work with headphones from other vendors that have the same connection order , like nokia , perhaps .
i have a moto droid and these two audio enabled headsets : sony drbt50 stereo bluetooth headset good audio quality , especially bluetooth . use with pandora . comfortable for serious listening . works as both a phone headset ( meh ) and stereo audio ( yay ! ) plantronics voyager 855 bluetooth headset ( black ) good conversation quality and microphone . use this for phone conversations and " talkie " podcasts . supports both phone ( yay ! ) and stereo audio ( meh ) both of these headsets support audio controls in doggcatcher and music . not sure about pandora since i rarely use media controls now that my preferences are tuned . bluetooth is way more fragile than wired . you have pairing issues and interference issues , and battery draining/charging issues . oh and it is way more expensive . might be worth it , but do not start unless you think farting around with gadgets is a fun way to blow a weekend ( and a couple hundred dollars ) .
i prefer to stick with wired headset , since they are betetr supported by the software . i just bought the motorola eh25 . it has a mic and button , kind of like the ipod touch . generally they are around $20-$30 , but i found them here for $7 .
i think bluetooth is going to be your most flexible option . i have a pair of rocketfish bluetooth headphones . they are fairly low cost , sound great , and include player controls on the left ear unit . they support both the a2dp profile ( for stereo playback ) as well as the hands-free headset profile for voice calls . the mic is acceptable , but not great .
if your phone still has power , you can install and start androidlost remotely .
if you know the imei of the phone it could be possible to track it and find it . the problem is that network operators are very unlikely to do this without a police order , and the police does not seems to like hunting lost phones very much ( unless you are an important person or politician ) . i read about a stolen mac case when the police did not make too much effort for recovering it even after the real owner bought them photos of the stealer . so , unfortunately , there are not big chances to get your phone back . . .
i am using runkeeper for recording my sport activities .
i have used my tracks while walking , and a cyclist friend of mine is fond of sports track live
i am using free version of endomondo
try gps logger for this purpose . edit : gps logger is a free app for recording gps data . you can log in kml/gpx , upload directly to dropbox or google drive .
a hard reset restores the original factory settings and erases content , including downloaded ringtones , images , programs , and contacts stored in the internal memory . this feature allows for resetting of sound profiles , display settings , and phone or memory card settings . to perform a hard reset using the hardware keys , follow these steps : turn off the device . press and hold both volume up and volume down keys at the same time . press the power key only until the phone vibrates once , then release only the power key . continue to hold the volume up and volume down keys until the android system recovery screen appears . press the volume down key to highlight wipe factory data . press the home key to select . press the volume down key to highlight yes - delete all user data . press the home key to select . press the home key to reboot . but as you said , your screen is broken . check the screenshots and see how many times you want to use down and up volume key , so that the according to number position you can do it .
the nearest i could find to a solution for this question was found at another stack exchange question . according to the " keyboard layout " subsection of the user 's guide for hacker 's keyboard there is a compose key available in their keyboard app . the thing that i am not yet able to determine is whether that functionality can then be mapped to a key on an external keyboard . unless some other user beats me to a better answer , i will do further research and try to update this answer with any new information i should happen to discover .
apart from potential issues from your current os version , installed drivers , etc , you can look at this problem from your phone 's side . assuming that the problem does not lie with kies , windows 7 or the drivers in use : before connecting your phone to the computer , open the keypad and dial *#7284# ; you will see a menu for uart and usb ; under usb , select pda . if pda is already selected , select modem and then back to pda ; do not worry about usb debugging or anything , just connect your phone to the pc everything will work as it is intended to whether you use kies , no kies or just mass storage . this is a known problem with samsung , the pda mode for the usb connection needs to be active . and when active , sometimes we need to reset it by selecting something else and then pda again .
please download and install the samsung drivers - if you are using a 64 bit computer , use the 64 bit drivers , otherwise use the 32 bit version .
there is an app called " twin me ! " in the google play . it does exactly what the samsung galaxy s " add me " feature does .
even if not exactly the same thing , hearing your description makes me instantly think about cinemagram , an iphone app that should be ported to android really soon . in a nutshell , the application grabs a little video of the chosen subject and then gives the possibility to " animate " a portion of a selected frame . the effect can be both amazing or chilling , depending on the subject and the skill of the operator . here are a few more successfull shots , both wonderful ( rain , flag ) or , more likely , gruesome ( eye , snake , mom , a bong aint wrong ( lol ) ) . this is surely a nice app to have on the phone , and if you are a harry potter enthusiast you could also try to make a newspaper out of it : )
there is an infrared/red-light sensor near your camera that detects whether the phone is in a pocket or bag . online consensus is that depending on your phone manufacturer , there are varying degrees of success to how well it works .
i only can speculate about the answer how the droid bionic actually implements this " in-pocket detection " . most androids that have a light sensor , ( which sometimes acts also simple proximity sensor ) use this as sign that you either doing a call without a headset or that you have put your device into the pocket . it is also imaginable that android uses the information from the 3-axis accelerometer and/or the 3-axis gyroscope to detect in-pocket situations . but i do not think that this is actually done , because these sensors use quite a amount of power when in use . for an example datasheet of an android light/proxmity sensor , see the sfh 7743 from the motorola droid . it detects ir-light around 900nm . it seems that some androids have separated light and proximity sensors , while others abuse the light-sensor as simple proximity sensor ( e . g . samsung galaxy s ) .
proximity sensor .
i think it is possible . but you need to port the sourcecode to support 2.3.6 api . you need install google api add on and follow the steps posted in android development page http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/usb/accessory.html i think the sourcecode could be found in ftdi webpage .
prior to android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) it is called " droid " , and comes in serif ( regular , bold , italic , bold italic ) , sans ( regular , bold ) , and sans mono variants . a new font family " roboto " was released with 4.0 . wikipedia article on droid ( font ) google+ post on roboto
the obvious : try portrait mode use a hardware keyboard get a device with a bigger screen ( ouch -- yeah , i stop this ; ) the not-so-obvious : try an alternate keyboard , which consumes less space or offers transparency : a.i. type keyboard : according to the screenshots , it offers transparency floatnsplit tablet keyboard : the name suggests already it is for tablets only -- but allows to split the keyboard and move it around transparentkeyboard froyo : again , as the name suggests , another transparent keyboard there might be more solutions ( and certainly more alternative keyboards ) available , so this list is far from being complete . . .
there are two ways you can remove the ted videos in bulk : go to the path /sdcard/Android/data/com.ted.android/files/ using your file manager in android . delete all the videos directly from there . in your ted app , go to My Talks menu and then tap the vertical dotted icon at the right-top corner which will popup a dropdown menu . you should tap the Remove Items option which will show x at the left of each of the downloaded videos that you want to remove . hope it helps .
i have found the solution . while on My Talks tab , press/tap options button to bring menu . from this menu , tap Remove Items which would allow you to selectively remove downloaded videos .
on the My Talks tab , tap/press options button ( you can tap the overflow menu in the top right corner if you are on tablet ) . there is a Remove Items in menu . that should do the trick . it puts an x on all the videos and i am assuming a tap on that will delete them . i have not done this , because i have not gotten around to watching them yet .
i am guessing skype installs to the sd card by default , in which case you should check out this question : what does the ' failed to move application . not enough memory ' error means when choosing ' move to sd card '
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
you can try side-loading a flash player apk file . there are a whole lot of them floating around on xda , such as this thread which has a download for flash 11 . whether or not it works will also depend on other factors , such as the version of android on the device and the processor it has ( flash requires an armv7 processor and android 2.2 or later ) .
there is probably tons of ways to do this , but here 's what i can think of offhand : if you have adb set up on your computer then use it to push the rom file over : adb push /path/to/ROM /sdcard upload it to dropbox , box , or any other cloud file storage service and then download it via the associated android app upload it to a file sharing service like mediafire and then download it in your browser if you downloaded the rom from somewhere , visit that site in the browser on your tablet and download it directly install a file manager or other app that supports ftp and send it over via a wifi lan connection ( one example ) try kies air - i think it supports wireless file transfer
other users have also reported that this feature has disappeared . one alternative would be to use sms scheduler , or go sms pro ( my fave sms app ) .
check out pvll . the app lets you schedule texts in the future . it also has an automatic delay of 5 seconds before sending , called the "5 second rule " , so that i can cancel any errant texts that i send . . works for me . and there is a sharing layer on top of sms that lets you share your conversations easier . i use it instead of taking screenshots or cut and paste .
have you turned on visibility of bluetooth ? go to settings> bluetooth and turn on visibility by setting a visibility timeout ( 2 minutes or whatever is convenient for you )
before you run adb you have to install the developer kit and set up your sdk environment to detect your phone ( instructions ) . then you will be able to use the android debug bridge , or adb , as @matthew_read suggests . connect your usb cables , check for a dialog on your phone to allow it to be mounted , and then run adb devices from your computer to confirm that your phone really is talking to adb . from there you can use adb shell to launch a shell environment .
yes , just use adb over usb and run adb shell . see http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
there is a app called android shell https://play.google.com/store/search?q=androidshell.io in google play . you can install it on your device and use the web ui ( http://androidshell.io ) to connect to the device and execute commands . disclaimer - i am the author of this app
some phones allow the user to assign single key presses as accelerators to start applications , dial regular contacts , or the like . is it possible you set something like this ? check your keyboard settings for a keyboard type you may not use regularly . i think i remember this was a possible setting on the galaxy stratosphere , or similar . update : the stratosphere has this setting under applications\quicklaunch . it can accept a combo key press to start any application at users discretion . maybe you have ' m ' or ' o ' set somehow similar .
you might try going through adb ( android debug bridge ) . it is quite possible the ui ( screen ) is not starting up , but the rest of it is running happy . [ not that i would ever have gotten into that spot myself by playing with setting i should not have touched :- ) ]
i have not attempted this myself , but here are the steps that i found and seems pretty close to how i rooted my samsung galaxy s . i am not responsible for any issues that arise from following these steps , including , but not limited to your device spontaneously bursting in to flames . i suggest you do additional research and see what others say about using the tools below and read everything twice before doing it . and follow the instructions step-by-step . the firsts step is to make sure that you have kies installed on your computer . now download superoneclick root app from here and save it on your desktop . once this is done , turn your samsung galaxy tab on and connect it with your computer . make sure that you have usb debugging mode disabled and sync with kies . now disconnect galaxy tab from computer and enable usb debugging mode . you can enable the usb debugging mode by settings> applications> development> usb debugging . now reconnect your tab again to your pc and tap the home button so that your tab loses sync connection with kies . once done , launch superoneclick . exe and click on root . please wait for 5 to 10 minutes while the application roots your galaxy tab .
i think autoshortcut can do the trick : autoshortcut is a plugin for tasker or locale that allows you to run any of your installed apps ' shortcuts .
this can not be done in a totally automated fashion , as indicated by the accepted answer to this stackoverflow question . basically , it is against the android security model to allow Unknown Sources to be changed programmatically .
i know this is old , but there is another called alarm klock that is open source as well . . apache2 license . https://code.google.com/p/kraigsandroid/
i highly recommend the standard android clock as a basis for this : http://android.git.kernel.org/?p=platform/packages/apps/deskclock.git;a=summary
maps . setting up directions and alternate routes in google maps is much easier with a full-fledged web client . then , when i have what i need , i can send it to my phone .
i can think of one nasty block of text off the top of my head : your bit . ly key that you have to provide to 3rd party applications ( i.e. . twitter clients ) . it is like a 20+ random character string . so any other long " key " like string would be a good reason to blast it from your desktop . images : maybe you found a cool image for a desktop background ?
chrome to phone also allows you to send phone numbers to your device . highlight the phone number , click the chrome to phone extension button , and wham , it is open in the dialer on your device . really handy when you have been researching businesses online and now want to call one of them . i am not sure if foxtophone supports this too .
installing new apps . i have a firefox keyword bookmark to androlib . com , so if i want to install an app , i just type e.g. " al newsrob " , which starts a search query on androlib , then select one of the hits , and click on the market:// link there . chrome2phone on the device then launches this url in the browser , which immediately causes the market installer for that app to appear .
you can also type " tel:12345" into your browser 's address bar ( foxtophone , not sure about chrome2phone ) to make the device present the dial screen with that number already entered , so you just have to pick it up . ( no , i do not actually use that , but it is a nice demonstration . ; ) )
in my case gmail is filtered at work . so to send an email i only have my mobile as an option . i type up the email on the desktop and use foxtophone to put it on the clipboard . beats scraping it out on the touchscreen !
yes ! it helps to talk about " android the platform " and " android the os " android the operating system : this is linux . it runs the linux kernel so it very much is linux . the standard libraries are a little different and you as a user or developer of an android app wont have anything to do with this " linuxey " side of things* . android the platform : this is a java-based-desktop platform that you can write applications for . it uses the dalvik** vm to run specially packaged java jar files containing your code . this is the part of the android phone you see and interact with every day* *unless you root your device . then you have access to everything . **dalvik is also a cute little ' town ' in iceland with some great glaciers , two ferries to wonderful islands and no good coffee bar .
the short answer is yes . the longer answer is . . . android uses a modified linux kernel to run the basic operating system functions . however , android does not use the same libraries that you would see in a typical desktop linux system ( basic libraries such as glibc ) , so you can not just run any program on android that you can on other linux systems . besides the fact that some of the libraries are different , android does not provide a very easy way of running applications that are not build on their java-like api they call the " andoird platform "
yes .
yes , here is the source code download and what you need to use it . http://source.android.com/download and the license agreement : http://source.android.com/license home page : http://www.android.com/ the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android%5f%28operating%5fsystem%29 from the wiki : at google , the team led by rubin developed a mobile device platform powered by the linux kernel which they marketed to handset makers and carriers on the premise of providing a flexible , upgradeable system .
have you checked if there is anything set in Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard ? let me know if it works .
new bluetooth profiles android 4.4 support for two new bluetooth profiles to let apps support a broader range of low-power and media interactions . bluetooth hid over gatt ( hogp ) gives apps a low-latency link with low-power peripheral devices such as mice , joysticks , and keyboards . bluetooth map lets your apps exchange messages with a nearby device , for example an automotive terminal for handsfree use or another mobile device . as an extension to bluetooth avrcp 1.3 , users can now set absolute volume on the system from their bluetooth devices . platform support for hogp , map , and avrcp is built on the bluedroid bluetooth stack introduced by google and broadcom in android 4.2 . support is available right away on nexus devices and other android-compatible devices that offer compatible bluetooth capabilities . source : android kitkat
the full list of profiles is : advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) headset profile ( hsp ) health device profile ( hdp ) health thermometer profile ( htp ) heart rate profile ( hrp ) human interface device profile ( hid , inputdevice ) message access profile ( map ) personal area networking profile ( pan ) audio/video remote control profile ( avrcp ) generic attribute ( gatt , hogp , btle ) : bluetooth 4.0 required generic attribute server ( gatt server , btle ) : bluetooth 4.0 required
not in the usa . virgin mobile usa 's network is cdma , while the galaxy note is a gsm phone . virgin mobile uk is a gsm network , so galaxy note will work on it . although depending on whether the phone and the carrier use the same frequencies for 3g , you may only get 2g speeds .
nope you cannot only selectively disable video calls . the least you can do is disable incoming invites from the app settings .
ok so it looks like you are not trying to run it properly . first things first you need to create an android virtual device ( avd ) . this will be the profile of the device you will be emulating . open up a terminal and follow these steps . make sure you have the sdk installed and you are in the ./tools directory of your sdk . for this example i will be creating an avd named " nexus_7" . step 1: determine your target : /.android list targets  you will get an output of all of your available targets , here is the one i will use : step 2: create the avd : ./android create avd -n "Nexus_7" -t 3  for simplicity , when it prompts you to create custom hardware specs , just enter ( or enter no then press enter ) . you should get output like this : step 3: launch the emulator here is the moment of truth : ./emulator -avd "Nexus_7"  it will take quite a while for the emulator to start , especially on the newer android builds . you can screw around with hardware acceleration if you want it to move a bit faster . also you should use screenshots to speed up the boot time . i got all of the info from : android docs
no , they are not . for as long as you have the account registered in your email app , the policies are applied , however , if you remove the email account then the policies will no-longer be enforced . the app is given a " device administrator " status ( you can see any apps which have this in " security " in your settings ) , and you can revoke that at any time . revoking it , will of course , cause your email to stop working .
install moborobo . never fails . it will get you drivers automatically . then download srs root and it will root it in one single click .
install kies in your pc . it will automatically install corresponding usb drivers . edit : samsung kies is a freeware software application used to communicate between windows or mac operating systems , and more recently manufactured samsung mobile phone and tablet computer devices , usually using a usb cable connection ( though wireless lan kies connectivity is now possible using some devices ) . this software may be used for : data backup data transfer ( between a windows or mac pc , and a samsung mobile device ) , limited to certain media file formats . multimedia ( audio , photos , video , etc . ) management , but limited to certain file formats . purchase/acquisition of additional or special device features . device firmware and operating system ( os version ) upgrades . to work all these , usb driver should be installed . so when you install this software it will automatically detect your device and install usb drivers .
change network . dns . disableipv6 to " true " in about:config .
your issue is not related to firefox but to your internet provider ( time warner cable ) . according to this site , it " hijacks " your browser 's default dns resolution failure behavior ( also known as "404 page" ) , redirecting you to road runner . following this site instructions , you just have to go to road runner 's preference page and disable the web address error redirect service option then save .
if you did a factory reset , you should be able to connect it to the computer and it should allow you to delete files from the internal storage . mtp is limiting though in the fact that you can not use a secure erase program ( one that overwrites the file multiple times with random data ) . this will be quite difficult to do with a broken screen . the other option is to use odin to restore it to stock . odin overwrites all the partitions including the full /data partition which will wipe the internal storage . just follow any of the guides on how to return to stock or unbrick the device , like this one for the international s3 . if you have one of the lte or carrier versions you will need an appropriate guide for that version . you can do everything blind in odin , just follow the directions carefully .
the boot-loader code is stored within the /boot partition . majority of android handsets uses the qualcomm 's boot loader , called lk ( little kernel ) , barring samsung , which uses their own form of boot-code . lk has the following : variety of nand devices for bootup usb driver to enable upgrading images over usb during development keypad driver to enable developers enter ‘fastboot’ mode for image upgrades display driver for debugging and splash screen enable android recovery image and image upgrades this applies to only , qualcomm chipsets hence the exemption of samsung based handsets there is a website blog that cites this from source the actual source code , if anyone is curious enough , can be found on codeaurora site . this is known as caf , in which a lot of qualcomm specific code for kernels can be found in . as a side-note : google releases source to aosp , caf , pulls from them , modifies it to make it fit within qualcomm chipsets , then the manufacturers pull those down and add their own bits , it is that for the reason there is , aosp , caf and cyanogenmod that are the main three flavours of android . the actual source code to the boot-loader can be found on caf 's git repository , and has not changed much , it can also be found in cyanogenmod 's source , specifically in , /bootable/bootloader also .
no , there is no default blocking of port 8080 , accessing an http server from the same machine does not itself cause a problem , and there is no standard way to configure a server . the standard way to configure anything in android is through the application itself , with the gui it provides , not by editing xml files . after trying everything you have , i would suggest it would be best to ask the developer for help directly .
try accessing your server using the address : http://localhost:8080/ or http://127.0.0.1:8080/ those are called loopback address and should always refer to the machine running the program . is there any default blocking of port 8080 , or otherwise noteworthy issues that could explain this port number , the local machine connection to it , etc . ? unless your device is configured otherwise ( e . g . with firewall or iptables ) , when an application have privilege to full access to the internet , they will be able to connect to any port and listen to non privileged ports ( specifically > 1024 ) . many network providers have firewall which blocks incoming ports , which can interfere with your ability to connect to a device if you are using your external ip address or machine name . loopback addresses are resolved locally and can only be blocked by a local firewall . is accessing data from the server while on the server problematic ? no it is not , and it should not . is there any standard way server software is configured/set up ( so i could maybe tweak around with a goal specifically in mind ) ? refer to your web server documentation .
the apps will not just change when your version changes . all apps have a minimum api version which is required to use the app . so if your apps all have a minimum api version of e.g. froyo and there is no special version for gingerbread all will stay the same . the properties of the android version cannot be changed , only if you compile your own system and write a different version number in there . but this will not solve the problem of the api versions : if you fake an android 4.0.3 with 2.3.6 real system version , some apps will probably not run because they need to have api version 15 and not 8 .
this is because option " scanning always available " is turned on in wifi advanced settings . turn it off may solve this issue . ( click on image for larger preview )
wi-fi is usually turned ON or OFF manually . if it is turned on , and it is not in use or phone is considered sleeping , it is still running . you might want to check with the cyanogenmod forums if there is any wi-fi issue for that version .
actually , wifi can be turned on or off manually , but you can set how the wifi will behave when the display is turned off - be it allways on , or turn off when screen is turned off and leave only 2g/3g/4g on . this settings can be found under the advanced setting in menu on wifi settings page . downside is that you are using your carriers data connection during the phone sleep and there may be some lag when waking-up the phone thanks to wifi reconnect .
one more solution to your problem is to use an application like juicedefender . the answer to your questions also remains , yes it is normal for the wifi to be always on and as others mentioned you can either turn it off manually or let an app/os do it for you . some roms manage it well in built but still require the data to be turned off , otherwise there is persistent battery drain . i will highly recommend juicedefender as i have been using it for quite some time and it can prolong battery up to 2x .
the wi-fi device inside your phone ( that includes the radio transceiver as well as the hardware that decodes the signals and tells the main cpu of the phone ) has several different power states . even when the wi-fi is on , after it is idle for several seconds , the wi-fi device goes into a low-power state . in this state , it is still connected , and can still receive data : when new data arrive via the connection , or when the phone wants to send some data , it quickly powers up to the working state . the low-power modes are not made visible to the user , so all you see is that the wi-fi is on or off , regardless of whether it is draining power because it is working all the time , or saving power by staying in the low-power state . if you are using a custom rom , it is possible that a bug in the driver integration is preventing the wi-fi device from going into its low-power state . it could also be caused by a poorly written app sending or receiving data very frequently for a long period : even if it is a small amount of data overall , if it is sent intermittently , it could keep waking up the wi-fi device , draining power unnecessarily . as others have pointed out , you can choose for wi-fi to turn off completely when the device screen is off . this setting is not always practically useful . if you have 3g turned on instead , then the phone actually uses more power to send data that way ( but less power to stay connected-but-idle ) . if you have 3g turned off or it is not available , then turning off wi-fi means you do not have any network connection at all , and can not get notifications of new mail and c . until a few seconds after you next turn the screen on .
this is overly long , and something is most likely wrong . i would say pull the battery , and then wipe the userdata . you may not need to wipe the userdata , but if the encryption has failed at some point then it will be necessary .
most of the terminal commands in android are the limited version of standard linux/unix/posix terminal commands , provided by the toolbox program . notably absent from toolbox is the cp ( file copy ) command , you must use cat file1 &gt; file2 instead . if you spend a lot of time in the shell , you may want to install busybox , which provides a richer set of standard posix commands . there some bit about android shell here : http://benno.id.au/blog/2007/11/13/android-under-the-hood
you may have a look at http://www.busybox.net/downloads/busybox.html for a description of busybox and the commands provided by it . and trust me , if you are going to do work in the console , you probably want to use busybox .
the majority of " standard " android shell commands are found in /system/bin/ and the majority of those are symlinked to toolbox , a bsd licensed set of applets , similar to busybox , but without the gpl-2 licensing ""issues"" . toolbox helps google 's need to remove dependence on gpl code , and is targeted to small size and specific android tasks . it was not meant for end-user use . there is no builtin manuals in stock android , and toolbox applets lack any documentation , from the commands , from toolbox itself , and online . they are very limited copies of what most users would consider the standard posix type tools . more similar to the bsd-utils , so bsd util flags are more likely to work and behavior is more similar to bsd-utils than it is posix . even then , toolbox applets lack many of those flags . the closest thing to documentation is the source code . which , like most of android , available online . here is the froyo version of the toolbox source : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/froyo/toolbox just find the version you need . keep in mind , different manufacturers might change the code . samsung 's toolbox is different from motorola 's . heck , samsung galaxy s toolbox differs from samsung sidekick 4g ( galaxy s based ) . manufacturers might add applets for their own use , or change the default for specific purposes . the restart applet in toolbox will work on the phone it came on , but the busybox restart applet will not , unless specifically patched . Time and Date are also different . there are others as well . so toolbox is not something you can completely replace with busybox or the full gnu-utils or whatever .
i would suggest starting an android virtual device ( avd ) , connecting to it with adb , and running the android shell command in question : if anyone knows the flag to give android shell commands to just print the usage screen , please let me know . i tried --help , -help , -h , --usage , etc . try to run ls /system/bin and see also http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
since i stumbled over the same problem as you did i started to compile a list of useful commands in the android shell including examples . a german version is on my blog .
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
does the phone fully boot or does it reboot almost immediately ? i have had similar experiences with phones ( from other vendors ) not being recognized until some time after they have booted ( mostly likely services need to start etc . etc . ) . i love ( not ) how this happens just at the time when you need to repair your phone ! have you tried removing sim cards , extra storage etc . sometimes if you can get the device to boot differently it will get far enough along to be " recognized " .
as long as the gapps pack api number requirement is equal or lower then the rom api number they should work
once you are in the people app and have chosen a contact : 1 ) click menu --> edit 2 ) choose add another field 3 ) select special dates ( special dates defaults to birthday , but also included anniversary etc . ) i am on cm11 m8 as well , works for me . also , might be worth flashing the latest gapps http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/google_apps
on cyanogenmod people , to see and edit the events field ( birthdays and anniversaries only available in this case ) , the people contact has to be in an account , not on the phone only . i also do not use a cloud service for my own privacy reasons so i use myphoneexplorer app for pc synchronization and the associated but seperate mylocalaccount app for contacts storage , both on play store . if you decide to use myphoneexplorer/mylocalaccount be sure to synchronize contacts into mylocalaccount . when i realized this solution and installed mylocalaccount ( i had already been using myphoneexplorer ) the older existing contacts did not synchronize with mylocalaccount and i still had no events field . i had to mass delete all contacts on the phone ( easy with myphoneexplorer ) and re-synchronize with mylocalaccount . btw , i use outlook on my pc . problem solved . yes android can be quirky but that is why we use it , right ? ! !
it takes around an hour for me with 150-200 apps , with the voodoo lagfix and a class 4 sd card . this is under froyo ( which i would not expect to matter ) . i would guess that your apps/data must just be large , as eldarerathis says .
well , there is many possible causes for this . some that spring to mind immediately are : someone set up the facebook app on the phone sometime in the past and then forget they had done so ; after the system update , it either became obvious or the app was " helpfully " reactivated after being deactivated ( the most likely , imo ) . someone linked the facebook and gmail accounts , and the system update " helpfully " populated the fb app on the phone as well . a third party service or another app is aware of both the fb account and the gmail account , and has " helpfully " associate fb with the gmail account ( have you double checked the fb profile to make sure that the gmail address is not listed ? ) the cell phone number has been added into the facebook profile , linking the phone with the fb account that way as opposed to linking it via the gmail account . +++ updated with two more possibilities +++
how about your internal sd and emulated sd card free space ? sometime your phone has duplicate files on emulated sd and internal sd . sometime it may be an issue with the setting restore . when you are switching rom ( different android version ) , it is not recommended restore data using old rom backup .
try reflashing the rom with full wipe again but do not restore anything with titanium backup . similar problems usually happen when i used to restore data with titanium backup especially if the android upgrade from rom to another is significant ( e . g 4.1 to 4.2 ) . please try this and tell what happens : ) edit : added my comment to the answer .
this usually happens if you have connected to nokia to you pc via usd cable . ignore this and continue using you phone . i have been observing this for more than 3 years now where phone drive shows in red and full .
even i was facing the same problem since day one . fyi but it is connecting to the other wifi network . finally it worked in this way . . i went to the router setting added guest network and security none and do apply . once setting are updated turn off ur router for 1 min and switch on . restart your phone . then try to connect to the guest network . once you are able to connect then you can change the security settings by changing none to wpa in the security . hope this helps u . . : )
according to the dolphin for android phone faqs , you can manually create a shortcut to the home screen : how do i create a shortcut for dolphin sonar to the home screen manually ? please click menu> more> settings> gesture and sonar > sonar settings> create shortcut .
i believe the clock application on the htc desire is one made by htc and not google . i believe google is in the process of releasing their own clock application via the market as they have done with their other apps like maps and soon to be gmail .
it appears that it is possible to get the " set alarm . . . " voice action working by installing a leaked version of deskclockgoogle . apk as described on this website . i have not tested it . it seems that this feature is not yet officially released but is coming soon .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus★ . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
in android 4.4: open google now . press the options button in upper right corner of the stock card . press the right arrow to cycle through options for the card . when asked about " interested in the stock unwanted-stock-name ? " , tap " no " . in older versions : this should do it for you : open google now press the menu button press settings press google now scroll down and press stocks press the stock you want to remove press remove
does the app here work for you ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1317804page=9
usually it is called calendar . ask your provider if it still is not showing on your phone . alternatively , trying seeing if long-pressing an empty area of your screen and then choosing widgets - shows the calendar widget in the list . i am assuming of course , that you have already set up your google account to sync with your device .
i had the same problem and i found the solution is to rename a file in the system folder : remount /system in read/write mode ( use something like the root explorer app or es file explorer ; both have root modes ( check the app 's settings ) for remounting /system as writable ) rename the /system/recovery-from-boot . p to /system/recovery-from-boot . p-bak ( note : you could delete it , but renaming is much safer since its easily reversible ) you could also do this manually in an adb shell or on-phone terminal session : mv /system/recovery-from-boot . p /system/recovery-from-boot . p-bak after you have renamed the file , you might have to re-flash your cwm if it had been missing previously http://androidforums.com/galaxy-nexus-all-things-root/470831-how-all-things-root-samsung-galaxy-nexus.html#post3712027
i think you will have better luck at the xda developers forum it is the main place for rom cookers ( mainly htc devices ) , for the dream follow this link . try this thread for more info on rooting your htc
i agree with palehorse , haykuro 's blog is very easy to follow and is where i learned the process . once you are ready for a custom rom , the best , by far in my opinion , are released by cyanogen . this is mostly due to their very fast speed compared to other roms . you can find the latest , as of me writing this , at : his post on xda developers
this tutorial on haykuro 's blog was very easy to follow . i used it up to the point of flashing with the rom i wanted .
there is no difference . the device was simply renamed within the build system between the release of cm9 and cm10 , as the cyanogenmod wiki page for the i9100 notes : this device used to be called galaxys2 on get . cm , so older builds of cm can still be found under that title . so builds of cm9 ( or earlier ) will use the galaxys2 moniker , whereas builds from cm10 onward will use i9100 .
sync your google account in emulator , and go to play store .
steps : go to sdk/platform-tools with the command cd /home/android-sdk/platform-tools you should copy the .apk you want to install in this directory and add the path of it to environment variable in variable path " you might need restart"(PATH=$PATH:path to apk) list the devices with the command . /adb devices you can install your file with . /adb install . filename . apk example for step 2 : . /adb devices list of devices attached emulator-5554 device example for step 3 : . /adb install andexplorer . apk 1083 kb/s ( 338651 bytes in 0.305s ) pkg : /data/local/tmp/andexplorer . apk success
i do not think there is any option for that . probably a third party app ( dialer/call ) would .
i would suggest clearing the data . also , are you sure that the contact is actually being synced by the facebook application . the facebook application may not think that the contact is the " same person " that you know that it is . i would clear the data and reset up the syncing for the facebook app . there maybe something in there that is preventing the image to update . maybe a corrupt image , or data .
check the internet connectivity in status bar ( top bar ) , if alphabet ' e ' is displayed , then internet connectivity is fine otherwise contact your service provider for activating edge/gprs services . if alphabet ' e ' is displayed and internet does not work , then turn off your mobile , take out the sim and reinsert it after 10-12 seconds . turn on the mobile and check . now internet connectivity should be restored .
try this app : fb remap for htc chacha
is impossible for you to attempt to make the change withouth the device been rooted . according to xda developers thread , you need to go into your system folder located in your root , to change the keyboard layout file located here : /system/usr/keylayout/[devicename]-keypad.kl .
try facebook button for htc chacha or its lite version . it is a normal standard-abiding android application , which installs from the market , does not require any hacks , and works on unrooted devices — so it'll keep you warranty safe . feel free to check also its support thread on xda-developers .
there are a few potential things that can cause this . you are too close to the router . seriously , this can happen on samsung devices . i have seen it on the s4 and note 3 . it is very unlikely but worth mentioning on a list . the 2.4ghz and 5ghz are interfering with something on the device . try turning 5ghz off altogether . you could add the phone 's ip address to the router 's allowed devices . in the phone 's network/wifi ( varies by device/version ) settings , untick auto switch between WiFi and mobile network as suggested here : tp-link router has the ability to create a ' guest ' network . so besides the 2ghz network and the 5ghz network , i created a 3rd network , only for the 2 mobile phones . in your router 's lan setup section you can add your phone to the section where it says Address Reservation
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
what i done is i found a programme called " android injector " which installs . apk files from your pc to your android . downloaded and installed the google apps and that sorted the market problem out . but i ddnt get to keep my old apps after i got link to sd it was blank . oh well . . . .
are you running a custom rom on your xperia x10 mini ? if you are missing the google talk app , this means that factory rest deleted some of the google apps required for market to work properly . i would suggest finding the appropriate gapps package for the rom you are running and re-flashing it .
sounds like the factory reset removed the changes that link2sd made . but if you now moved apps that are system apps ( like talk ) they are now " gone " . i am not 100% sure how link2sd works , if it uses an ext3 partition on the sdcard or what exactly it does . but it sounds like it really botched up your system . your best bet at this point it to find the stock rom and reflash the device back to the original stock setup . for future reference , a factory reset does not return the device to " stock setup " , it deletes all the user data off the device , as if it has never been used . it does not add any system apps or reset their " state " . if you make those kinds of changes , a factory reset does not fix them .
at the time i was semi-blindly following another poorly written walkthrough that just had a series of commands without explaining them . now with some knowledge i eventually worked out that it was better to flash the image to the phone . still do not know why it was taking so long though . eventually with flashing to the phone and then the cyanogen mod , i got it all working . now with rommanager on my phone it'll be sooo much easier in future !
you can use light flow to customize led notifications ; it also has a lite version . light flow allows you to take control of your notification led colors and makes them successively flash one color after another . it also allows you to set repeating sounds on vibration patterns for you notifications . you can also set a " sleep " mode or " on charge " where the lights and/or sounds and vibrations will not be heard or seen .
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
there is this graph from over at wikipedia , which uses the data from google 's dashboard .
enter the message application , click the menu button and enter settings , select " text input mode " and change the option from automatic to gsm alphabet . when you type in the message it appears as special characters but when the message is sent it is automatically converted to normal text .
i do not think that there is any standard way in the market for developers to declare what license their app is developed under . a normal text search of the market for " gpl " comes up with hundreds of apps that have specifically put the word gpl in their title or description . other than that an awful lot of the android gpl developers seem to host their code on google code , everything there is open source and there are ways that you can search that by license type , that might well be the closest that you can get ( though you will obviously miss out on developers who host their code elsewhere ) .
i do not know the answer to your question , but the closest thing i have found is : http://fdroid.org/
go to android settings , the wireless then enable " portable wi-fi hotspot " then connect to that wifi using your tablets wifi manager . then you should have internet
kurru basically has it right , except that the portable wi-fi hotspot application will most likely require another monthly fee from your provider . as far as wired tethering between devices , this is not possible . the protocols do not exist for android devices to accept external network connections through cables . a very easy solution ( if you are comfortable rooting your device ) , is wifi tether . i use this app constantly , and works exactly as kurru described : install run application press " tether " button select " android hotspot " from available wireless access points on your tablet and bam ! you are done ! as a personal user , i have to say this is the single best advantage to rooting a phone , and 100% worth it .
you can use a activitymanager to get the message about process in my phone , browser is " com . android . browser " , it is the same in all the android . is different os , the name we see may be different , like different language , and so on . in english , it is browser . hope the answer is useful .
not as far as i know ; it is name is just " browser " . to distinguish it from the other browsers , sometimes i call it " stock browser " . btw , it is called firefox now ( or firefox mobile ) , and no longer fennec .
click on tabs icon in upper right corner go to options click on close all tabs
according to this google support page , you can not . you have to close tabs individually , at least on a tablet .
actually , tasker is the key here . you can find a tutorial here : control which app is the default for an action . in addition to tasker , you will need the secure settings plug-in . the action involved which can be found there is called package state , where you can select between disable , enable , and toggle . so basically it is a work-around : you disable firefox when switching to 3g , so only opera is available then and will be used . as soon as you switch to wifi ( tasker condition : wifi connected ) , you toggle both package states , so firefox becomes the default browser as it is the only one available .
apps must be coded specifically to allow for installation on google tv devices . in 3.2 update , google even disabled side-loading of apps , so the old trick from 2 . x days to install apks via a dropbox account will not work . modders from gtvhacker site managed to find an exploit in sony units that allows for installing a custom kernel and a rooted build of 3.2 . with that build it is possible to enable side-loading of apps , and then you can install them via adb : adb connect 192.168.1.XXX:5555 adb install C:\path\to\apk\AppName.apk  where " xxx " is the ip address of your gtv box/tv . keep in mind that the usual warnings of rooting apply , such as voiding the warranty , etc .
on the razr , it is separate from the display timeout . it is in " security-> automatically lock " . not sure if that is unique to the razr or not . if you have the sdk installed , it might be possible to push an alternate property with " adb shell setprop " , but it would not be persistent across reboots .
i am sure this is fixed in the latest gmail app which you should be able to download from the market . ( this used to bug the hell out of me - sometimes the drop down would work , other times not , completely at random . have not had the issue since the last gmail app update )
this was an issue with cm7 builds up until 7.0.2 after which it was fixed .
most custom roms include this functionality as part of the power widget . for stock firmware you have to resort to 3rd-party apps such as scanmedia or sdrescan , for example .
this is a very good question and i see it is already answered . i wrote a small application to solve this problem specifically for kit kit ( android 4.4+ ) . my application works on all phones . here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=burrows.apps.sdcard this works on the nexus 5 ! please let me know if this helps you ! regards ,
there is an app called lagfix , which can let you trim your device literally . it can only run if the device is rooted , and since your device is already rooted then it is perfect for you . and here is the thread on xda developers about lagfix . i hope it helps .
i was having lag issues on my n7 2012 . after doing some research i was lead to forever gone . this app has been used to overwrite the free space on the device so that it can be more efficiently used . until 4.3 is released for you device i would give this a try to see if it helps with performance . it sure helped my n7 .
it is a pretty subjective question , since no one really knows how many apps do or do not do any given thing . you had have to carefully analyse each app to find out how much use it can make of multiple cores . likely , more apps than you realise are doing this . first off , android makes it very simple for app authors to work in multiple threads , with helpers like AsyncTask . app developers are encouraged to do most operations in background threads , such as loading bitmaps from storage , transferring data over the network , or long computations . running those on a second core keeps the app more responsive while the operation 's going on . if the app does anything with gl ( most graphics-heavy apps and almost all games do ) , then it is certainly using two cores . how much use it is making of that freedom to parallelise is different for each app , but again , it lets the app do long-running operations while still responding to you . on top of this , even if the app you are using right now is only running in a single thread on one core , anything else android is doing in the background will be running on another core , which again lets your app stay responsive . this might include activities like drawing the system ui , running background services from other apps to check your mail and c . , features like " smart stay " on samsung phones , listening for the " ok google " hotword , and more . so in short , while we can discuss how much use any given app makes of the power available to it , a sweeping statement like , " very few apps really use more than one core , " sounds like the kind of thing an uninformed salesman would say to try to impress you .
there is no central repository where in the apps that are uploaded in play store or any other store for that matter are sorted into apps that use the camera apps that use one core etc etc this is because majority of android users do not care how many cores apps use ! also due to restrictions on clock speed / computational power you can not actually do compute intensive stuff on android , there is cuda for that , you still have to revert to desktops . and it all depends on the developer really and we can not really say for sure if there are few apps for android that use multicore .
just having a usb port is not enough : the host device also needs to understand what protocol the whiteboard uses to communicate ; in other words , the language the whiteboard speaks . there are a number of standard protocols , or profiles , for common devices such as keyboards and mice , but a whiteboard is not one of these . if the whiteboard works by pretending to be a mouse , then it might work as a mouse in android just by plugging it in . the specs for the whiteboard should say " usb hid profile " or something like that , in that case ; or if you have used it with a pc , you might already have noticed something similar . if the whiteboard does not act as one of the standard profiles , you will need the manufacturer of the device to provide drivers and user software for android . a driver for windows or linux will not do . depending on how the driver works , it might be in the form of an app you can just install the usual way , but more likely , there will be a kernel module , and you will need to compile your own custom rom for your device ( which may not be possible for your device anyway , if other drivers for the device are not available ) .
to return to the last page you visited , you can just tap on the screen to notice a bar in the bottom . if you look closer you can see a blue triangle that marks the last visited page . click on it and you will return to that page ! click image for larger version hope this helps .
the htcbeatsnotify app is what shows the beats notification . if you disable it the notification does not show up . check that you have that app in all apps and it is not disabled .
i got a reply from htc technical support . make of it what you will , i have asked the lady to clarify what she means as i do not understand her engrish . thank you for providing me with the additional details to enable me to resolve your enquiry . it’s always our aim to ensure that our customers’ issues are resolved first time and i’m sorry that this has not happened in your case . thank you for performing the steps outlined in my previous email . i can confirm this has been removed in the 1.28 update for your device , headset setting they have now are gone and turns into “other” . i am sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused you . i look forward to hearing that this has resolved your enquiry , to close your email or alternatively to reply to me please follow the links below . you will shortly receive an email asking you to submit your feedback , i would appreciate if you could take the time to let me know about the level of service i have provided you with . apologies for the formatting , the htc support portal strips everything ! :facepalm : so , in order to see the icon again . you need to plugin a headset/headphones drag down your notifications bar , and hit ' settings ' click on ' sound ' you will notice the ' sound enhancer ' menu is now not greyed out tap this and you will then get a choice of ' sound enhancers ' to use confirmed as working for me .
official ? no . trusted ? well that depends on who you trust . rootzwiki has a list of the gapps packages for all android versions . now for the rant part : google understandably and thankfully does not support old versions . the roi is getting lower and lower with the older platforms . no person in their right mind would support 1.6 when they have 4.1 out there and a newer version in the works .
in my experience , yes . i tried without wiping and cm7 failed to boot .
i tried a different approach , seeing the problem was with radio / telephony . . . i put in another sim from a different carrier , and so far i am having no reboots ! what is the difference ? my main carrier is a " virtual carrier " , a company that rents other company 's network to offer their service , usually with more competitive prices . the sim i am using now is from a traditional carrier that owns the network directly . what i think happens is that when using a virtual carrier , you are having a sort of permanent roaming : the phone has to first get into the network owning carrier and then join the virtual network of the virtual carrier . somehow this is making the droid 3 crazy . the signal strength meter was indeed showing a small " r " indicating i was in roaming . i assumed this was because being an us phone , it took any non-us network as roaming , but now that i am using the regular carrier sim , the signal strength bar is not showing " r " anymore . seems i will have to change my carrier to a network owner , which unfortunately have much less competitive prices . but at least i found a way of using the droid 3 without constant reboots ! ! for future reference to other spanish users : i am having the reboots using a simyo sim ( which runs on the orange network ) , but with a movistar sim there are no reboots .
it sounds to me it could a hardware issue and not a software issue . things i would try flashing even more roms . try cm7 if it is available for droid 3 . if it keeps rebooting with other roms , you most likely have a hardware problem hardware suggestions : try a new/different battery . also , since you are using gsm and it deals with losing your signal , perhaps it is an issue with your sim card ? otherwise : contact customer support and tell them of your hardware issue of reboots . they might have some additional info or procedures to help you . or a new refurb phone . ( but since you are in spain , that sounds like a problem ) .
what i do is take the battery out , wait 15 minutes , and then put it back in .
this happened to me many times . in my case , the main problem was the on/off switch got stuck . what i did was : i presses the button until the phone opened again . solved it for me .
i can suggest to follow these steps : remove usb cable and battery . re-insert battery . hold volume down and home , then press power . if you can enter the recovery system , try to clear caches . if that does not work , do a factory reset . if that still does not , go back to download mode , and try to restore using odin and a corresponding firmware .
your phone is stuck as a result of memory overload caused by some bad program . following will do the trick for you : turn off your samsung galaxy s3 . press and hold down the “power” button , “home” button , and the “volume up” button . wait for your phone to vibrate , then release only the “power” button . wait for the android system recovery screen to appear , then release the “home” and “volume up” keys . press the “volume down” button until the “wipe data / factory reset” option is highlighted . press the “power” key to select the option . press the “volume down” button until “delete all user data” is highlighted . press the “power” button once again to select the option . your phone will then perform the reset process and display “reboot system now” when complete . press the “power” key to select the reboot option and complete the master reset . in case you face any problem , check the following link : samsung galaxy s3 factory reset hope it helps :- )
it does look like a stuck power button . ( as ridiculous as it may sound ) the behaviour in your phone is exactly as it is when i press and hold on my power button for an extended period . by right , the device should not turn on by itself when the battery is inserted . it should remain turned off - only a hardware switch can turn it on . as your phone turns on by itself , it clearly shows that the power button is being pressed . furthermore , the power menu shows when you turn the phone on without touching the phone at all and again showing the power button being pressed . i suggest you bring your phone down to someone who knows how to open up your phone to see if there has been any damage to the power button .
no one answered my question , but i found the answer . i earned a badge tumbleweed . . lol because , battery drivers do not implement the same .
on ics , click on the applications icon , then select menu &gt; edit . you can now drag-and-drop any application icon you want to the row with the default icons . note that you can remove the phone and contacts icons , but not the applications icon . i am not sure if there is a similar feature in the touchwiz launcher on froyo , but alternatively you can look around and install a different launcher that does allows you to customize everything . you may want to start by reading this article
the answer is most likely that your polaroid tablet is not licensed to use google play . there are a number of requirements that must be met before google licenses its app store for use on a tablet . some of it has to do with software compatibility tests that pass or fail for the device . this is from the polaroid tablet faq : http://www.polaroid.com/faqs/tablet-faqs/i-cannot-use-google-play-store-why it says : " our tablets are not licenced with googleplay store as of yet . . . " i am not sure how old that faq message is , though , as it goes on to suggest that tablets do not need google play but smart phones do . weird . it also says that you can use amazon 's app store . there is also this link which goes over how to install google play on a polaroid tablet . i do not know how good it is , but it might work for you . . . http://www.the-digital-reader.com/2012/04/07/how-to-install-google-apps-gplay-etc-on-polaroi-pmid701 i am not sure why any android device manufacturer would not include google play . my guess is it requires a fee to license it from google . but supposedly it costs nothing to run their open source compatibility test to prove their devices are compatible with google play . there may also be other legal issues , especially with regards to different regions , content distribution and encryption .
does it have other google apps like gmail , google maps , etc ? if not then the tablet is stripped off the google apps . if you find other apps then you might want to confirm if the app has not been disabled in settings . settings-> apps-> all
assuming you are using the gmail app , simply start a new message , then choose Menu | Attach and select what you want to attach . you will need to repeat for each file , but you can certainly add more than one .
these files are all system images for the android emulator . that is , they contain the filesystems for the emulated android phone inside the emulator . the ones that are in sdk directories can be removed from the android sdk manager and reinstalled any time you want . the ones in your user directory were generated by running the emulator : they contain the files and data you have created in the emulator . only you know whether they contain any important data . if your emulated android system does not have any data you want to save , you can delete them . make sure to remove the corresponding avd entries that use them from the avd manager , as the avd will not be able to boot once you have removed its files : you will have to start a new avd from scratch . btw , it is not necessary to download a fresh android sdk each time you install an ide . just tell the ide the path where you installed the android sdk . rather than just worrying about the large files , it'll be better to completely remove the copies of the sdk you are not using .
the best thing for this is going to be tasker . best three bucks you will ever spend on an android phone .
when repligo talks about " bookmarks " , it does not mean the " paper clip to remember your last reading position " . it rather speaks in terms of pdf specifics , where " bookmarks " are what is commonly referred to as " table of contents " ( or in short : toc ) , see repligo reader for android features . and that is something the creator sets , not the reader . but the same linked page gives you an idea for a work-around : you can use " annotations " . this way you get a kind of " named bookmarks " , which should be selectable like those " pdf bookmarks " . i cannot say how exactly repligo handles this , as i do not use it myself . it could very well be that it simply allows to add annotations , but does not keep an index for them . so in case you do not really need to change/edit things into the pdf , you might want to take a look at moon+ reader pro for an alternative : this pro version also offers pdf support . and ( at least with epub , what i mostly use ) it handles bookmarks , annotations , highlights , and other whats-nots quite fine , including an index to look them up , and more .
you can also check if you do not have an app that automatically selects a profile depending on a trigger . although it could be a bug in your rom , it could also be caused by an automatic change of profile . make sure the profile that is selected when you turn on your phone is the same as the one when the vibrator stops working , and that the definition of the profile did not change . the behavior you describe could be consistent with a change of profile since some apps might take a few minutes to be loaded after you start the phone , including your profile manager .
it should not be possible for an app to prevent all apps from using the vibrator . this definitely points to an error in the custom rom .
in my case i had turned on power savings mode . am not sure but i believe that in 4.4.2 power saving mode comes with " disabling haptic feedback " turned on . this can be rectified by going to settings-> my device and then clicking on power saving mode . there uncheck the " disabling haptic feedback " checkbox .
if the hotspot ssid shows in your android device means , definitely it wont be an ad-hoc network . most probably the the problem would be getting dhcp ip from your laptop . try giving static ip to both hotspot network and your android device .
go to wifi settings > advanced > uncheck the option titled " avoid poor connections " . that will probably get rid of the " poor connection prompt . "
automated solutions could involve tasker : make a job running in intervals ( e . g . all 3 hours ) , with the task to shell-execute rm -rf /data/log/* as root , should keep the folder clean . tasker has a " run shell " command , where you can tick " use root " – that is what you would need .
it may be the link to the play store was lost . i think if you install an app from , say , the amazon app store , google play will not be able to update or uninstall it , as the link is gone . similarly , restoring an app from a previous rom backup may not create that link . titanium backup can recreate the links ( the free version can can not do this ) . or you could uninstall the app and try installing it fresh from google play .
i do not have an archos , but when i view all apps on my phone i can press the menu button and select a view type from in there ( including alphabetical ) . do you have anything similar ? you could also try another launcher , such as adw . and yes , it is often called the app drawer : )
upnplay works very nicely for me using windows media player 12 " play to " feature . recent versions of bubbleupnp support dlna push , although it does not seem to support remote volume control even though it pretends to . also has problem if you jump around in the list in wmp . avia media player works ok , but no remote volume control and similar problems if you try to jump around through multiple tracks remotely . other apps should handle push as well ( mediahouse upnp / dlna browser , arkmc dlna media center ) but i have not tried them . i could not get andlna or wifi oh player to work with push .
if you can do at least some upnp operations , there is nothing wrong with your network . capability of browsing dms ( aka upnp pull ) does not imply a capability of receiving commanded content from dms/dmc ( aka upnp push ) . dmr has a separate set of optional functions for pushing , which may or may not be implemented . the simplest way of diagnosing is to start devicespy from intel upnp developer tools ( windows application ) . that will give you all devices in local network , which do publish some upnp interfaces . the one you are looking for is AVTransport ( upnp namespace intentionally omitted ) . no avtransport means no push . you should see at least a core function SetAVTransportURI there . do not be surprised if some dmr software does not show up at all . capability of browsing dms and playing content from it does not require publishing any upnp interfaces . dmc does not publish any interfaces itself either , it just knows how to operate other upnp interfaces . about the lack of push-capable dmr implementations for android : push means that the software must be capable of sitting there with an open port and just waiting for commands from any dmc . my wild theory is that this somehow does not align with what android applications can or should do . the fact is that i have bubbleupnp and upnpplay myself on my android and i confirm that neither implement push . you can try the rest of wiki list and let me know the result : )
one option may be to go in with adb this can usually see the file system without much of an issue . so you can look into how to hook it up to your phone ( the link above will get you started ) , and once you are connected copy the files over command line . another possibly easier option would be to put a file explorer app on your phone and and transfer the files locally to another visible location on your phones file system . edit : this may be a bit of a weird one , but if you put this code : *#*#273283*255*663282*#*#* into your dialer , it should give a file copy screen which may give you the desired result . the code is from this post .
you have done your research right , bro . another recommended way is using the commandline fastboot which can be easily followed-through here . i am using the same custom rom as you are , though , i can not utilize the bootloader interface on the phone as i already cut off the flex of its volume rockers ( yields nonbooting issues for me already ) . it'll work just like it did on mine . not an official wwe ( international ) radio , though . the latest wwe applicable is 12.65 . xxxx but gps will not function already when using jellytime r30 ( which is based on the latest pull from cm10 ) . since you already have flashed a custom rom i believe it is safe to say you do not have to deal with issues regarding s-off
it does not seem to be comprehensive ? you do not expect this list to consist every backwoods from all over the world , do you ? ( btw this is the android time zone list we are talking about list . ) android provide nitz feature - your time zone is taken from cellular network you are registered to . if nitz fails to work ( your cellular network does not send time zone ) , then you have to find out what time zone you are in and set it manually . btw provide a link to " iana timezone " , if you please .
the first part of your question " why do so many of them require full phone access ? " . this is for 2 reasons . the granularity of the android permission system groups many system apis under a small number of permissions . app lockers need low level access to disable/enable apps . i assume that by " full phone access " you mean something like the " modify global system settings " permission . this permission is probably going to be required by app locker applications to prevent someone from disabling the lock without authorization , but it is hard to say , since i did not write the app . in the context of this question there are a few other permissions that make sense to me , e.g. , " retrieve running applications " and " automatically start at boot " . it is likely that most app locker apps will request at least those permissions . the rest of the permissions would be unnecessary just for locking an app , but may be used for other reasons . for example , i do not know why the app needs to intercept outgoing calls . for what it is worth , i ran the apk through http://android-permissions.org , and the tool reported that this app is not over privileged , meaning that inside the app , there is code that makes use of all the permissions requested . this is not good or bad , it just means that the developer probably is not requesting unneeded permissions . to answer the second part of your question , you are probably ok if you install that app , but we can never be sure . an update might make the app start doing something different that you find unacceptable , or the app may already be transmitting your phone number or imei to some remote server . who knows .
if you can not get the device to even turn on , then this will not really help . . . from xda post about unbricking this device : prepare odin with the firmware you want to flash ( in my case was gingerbread 2.3.4 ) and get it ready to go . remove battery , wait for a bit . insert battery again . flash a recovery with your specific filesystem ( ext4 or rfs ) - ( if you have ext4 , download ext4 only , do not get ext4+rfs ) enter recovery and wipe | format : system data cache dalvik cache have odin ready . connect phone to pc . reboot to download mode hold volume down + power + home button at the same time . at this point odin should have detected your galaxy gio ( yellow rectangle should appear ) . insert the stock rom or custom rom . click start button in odin and wait about 5 min . reboot and wait the post has other options like using a tool called " one click unbrick " but i have never tried that tool .
you need your tablet it be rooted for this . after rooting use scr screen recorder ( preferably the pro version ) to record your screen . there are many apps available but i found this the best
you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
your nexus 10 should be able to upgrade to the newest android 4.4 kitkat any day now . it has a new option to record the screen , but you need to be/know someone who has basic knowledge about the android sdk : http://developer.android.com/about/versions/kitkat.html#44-screen-recording since you did not accept an answer yet , hope this info still helps and i am not necromancing your thread . ; )
have you tried dialing *#*#526#*#* ? it fixed a wifi connection problem i had . i dialed it on the phone , got the " call cannot be completed " message . hung up , restarted the phone , then went through the whole phone call again . it worked . my wifi problem is fixed . i kid you not . google it . i hope this helps .
have had the same issue on my droid 2.3.6 . it used to connect to wifi but could not browse the internet until i disabled : parental control from my wifi router . hope this will help someone .
you can not . rim 's pin system and bbm are proprietary . you can only communicate with a blackberry user via pin messages or bbm if you have a blackberry . get a new bold 9900 / 9930 , they are great ! full disclosure : i work for rim . this is not an official statement from rim either , this is me speaking as a user in my off time at home . i honestly think the new bold is the best bb yet .
yes , you can spy on your son 's phone without him knowing with the help of mspy mobile tracking software . i have been using this spying app for watching my kids to be sure that they are where they supposed to be . through this tracking app you can spy on his text messages , calls , every activity on his cell phone . another thing regarding privacy - as you are really concerned about your son and you take care of him , you have the right to monitor his sms messages . i think mspy software will help you .
not exactly to your phone , but there are several " child care " apps available in the playstore which can be used to monitor activities . take e.g. a look at care4teem , best parental control android , or parentalflux parental control . most of these kind of solutions offer a dashboard on the provider 's website , where you can check logged acitivities such as calls , messages , etc . some additional monitor the location and even allow for " geo-fencing " ( sending you an alert when the kid leaves the " permitted zone" ) .
a similar approach to the one suggested by bassmadrigal would be to use the app sms backup + that ' backs up ' sms to a gmail account . you can then view them via gmail on any device .
i use desksms on my phone , which will forward all texts to an email address of my choosing ( which could then be received on another phone ) and also allow responding through email , but it will appear to that person as a standard text from your phone . i found it really handy when i was working in a secured office that did not allow personal cell phones . i could leave my phone in my car and still be notified of any texts and still respond to them , and the person would not have any idea i was using email to respond . in using it on your son 's device , it is relatively easy to disable , so if your son does not want you to see things and is technologically inclined , he could probably find ways around it . but i think if the kid is smart enough , just about any app is able to be bypassed . it is not made for monitoring , but it would work just the same . i believe there is a $5 yearly charge ( i am pretty sure it comes with a 30 day trial ) , because of the costs involved in running the server that processes everything .
that is not duplicates . if you are the " device owner " , /storage/emulated/0/ is your storage area ( where your files etc . reside ) . /storage/emulated/legacy/ is a symbolic link , always pointing to the logged-in user 's storage . that is , if you are the device owner , and you are logged in , both locations are identical . if some apps show the contained files as " dupes " , they obviously have problems interpreting symlinks . while for the gallery , this sounds pretty strange ( if we are talking about the stock gallery , and not a 3 rd party app ) : the very same android developers who designed the multi-user capabilities should have been aware of that . still , this is not the first time i heard about it . i cannot find the other issue currently , but a solution is as follows : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , and scroll to the gallery app . open its entry , tap " clear cache " and " delete data " . tap the back key , and repeat the same for the " media storage " app . do not be afraid about losing data : the media scanner will re-collect them at its next run . you can trigger the scan by either . . . powering off/on the device ( bah ! ) going to settings&rarr ; storage and safely remove the sdcard , then mount it again ( ok for one-time use : ) using a helper app like e.g. sdrescan or rescan sd card ! ( if you need it more often ) once the media scanner is finished , all your media should re-appear in the gallery app . hopefully without the " dupes " : )
might be a small bug because it is specific to only one contact . hoping you have saved all the stuff you want from that thread , delete the thread/whole conversation . if you do not mind delete the contact also by writing his number somewhere . now start fresh again by creating the contact again and see what happens . comment .
if you pair you bluetooth headset , you can make and receive calls over it without a problem . if you want messages to be read to you , ( tts ) , install the handcent app and refer : http://www.handcent.com/faq.php#tag_speeksms
for contacts , the best way is to sync them to your gmail account . settings-> accounts and sync then when you add the same account on the new phone , it will sync them automatically . for settings without root , i am not sure . if you are willing to root , titanium backup is very good . it will save the settings onto the sd card . then with the new phone , install the application and you should be able to restore the settings off the same sd card .
if you go in " menu " -> " settings " -> " privacy " there is an option " back up my data " that is provided by google . i cannot say what data is backed up with this option but i guess email settings and device settings will be . and as mentioned in another reply if you sync your phone with a google account your contacts will be moved to the new device as soon as you log in . also if you have some applications that do not save to the cloud but you want to keep the data , there is usually an export functionality ( check in the options menu of the applications ) to keep the data into a file that you can import on the new device . after doing all of this , last time i moved my content to a new phone , the only thing that i lost was the sms history but i did not really want to keep it anyway . i know there are some backup applications that support sms history and do not need root access .
there are some projects that have gotten livesuit to work on linux , such as this website and details in this forum . most of what i could find focused on a10 chipsets , but a13 is close enough that it might work ( of course , you will have to find a13 specific roms ) . the second link also shows how to manually install drivers . since you did not specify your exact model , you may have to modify the directions somewhat to work with your device . the easiest solution , of course , is to get access to a windows box . a year ago , linux support was not so good , so i had to borrow someone 's computer for a bit to flash my allwinner a13 tablet . even more restrictive is the ability to generate your own rom images . i could not find anything that would work on linux , so i was stuck using windows to upgrade my tablet * to android 4.1 . *i wrote this post .
i also have a samsung galaxy s2 , and experienced the same issue before . it is possible that the rom or the radio ( firmware ) has problems . if so , you should try to update them . i am now using a custom rom ( cyanogenmod , latest nightly ) , and have not encountered this issue so far .
i also have a sgs2 , and have had the same problem 2-3 times only . i turn on flight mode , and back . this solves the problem for me since it doesnt happen so ofthen . if you still have the problem after this , i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices
i can think of two relevant facts . apps that were pre-installed as part of the system ( i.e. . came with the phone ) are not deleted by a factory reset : they just go back to the original version , and will probably be updated by google play later . if you had back up my data turned on in the device settings ( on the backup and reset page ) , then as soon as you signed into your google account , the phone will have started to reinstall all the apps you had installed previously , and the data of all the apps that support google backup .
you cannot install an over-the-air ( ota ) update from the manufacturer or carrier if you have clockworkmod recovery installed , even if you disable the signature verification . you will need to return to the stock recovery console and stock rom ( if you are currently running a custom rom ) first , and then go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; About -&gt; System Updates and re-start the update process . keep in mind that you will lose root once the ota is installed , and you will have to re-root your phone all over again . alternatively , you can see if there is a custom rom available for your phone that is based on the same android version as the ota , such as cyanogenmod . i would start at xda-developers forums for your phone . in either case , it is very likely that you will need to wipe your device 's internal memory also ( which erases all of your installed apps and settings , ) so do not forget to backup what you want to keep .
if it is a wall charger with plugs that match your outlets , the input range should be covered . normal usb chargers are 5 v at up to 1.8 ma . the voltage is the main concern -- standard usb ports for pcs only go up to 900 ma , which is why they charge slower . you can see the usb power specs on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usb#power ( in sum , any usb charger that you can trust to do what it says on its specs should work fine . a crappy no-name charger might lie , but two samsung chargers should be 100% interchangeable . )
from wikipedia , fota is an acronym for firmware over-the-air . it is used for upgrades to mobile phones and pdas .
fota - firmware over-the-air this is the update sent to the os via your service provider ( for 3g/gprs/edge . . ) or wifi . it will download an image of the new firmware from the server and install it after you accept .
fota is the short form of firmware over the air . . . . . it is the concept through which we update our smart phone only it need wifi or 3g internet connectivity .
you can not use the native option for openvpn as it is not compatible with ipsec , ike , pptp , or l2tp , which are the only types of vpns supported by android : http://openvpn.net/index.php/open-source/341-openvpn-compatibility.html
i used to use pptp , but switched to openvpn , which is now what i prefer . as far as security , openvpn is known to be pretty bulletproof . pptp is the only one with real issues , though it is still fine for protecting against your average dope using firesheep at starbucks . given the recent nsa revelations i personally would not touch the ones by cisco and/or microsoft ( pptp , l2tp ) with a 10 foot pole . the other ones supported by android were designed in the open by committee ( the ietf ) , which i know nothing about other than we now know the nsa tried to influence that kind of thing . but i think it is unlikely they seriously broke them if they tried so whether that bothers you depends on your level of paranoia about the nsa . as far as the ui goes , the built in vpn configuration ui is a little clunky , and openvpn 's is a little more clunky . but when you want to connect to the vpn , you have to go through a few layers of settings to get to the built in stuff , whereas you can have the openvpn icon right on your homescreen . the built in vpn does not attempt to reconnect if you get disconnected . openvpn can be configured to retry a certain number of times . this was big for me .
all vpn protocols ( pptp l2tp , openvpn ) have distinct advantages and disadvantages . here are some points that might be useful to consider : openvpn is the protocols least likely to be blocked by servers or firewalls and generally thought to be the most secure . it is because both pptp and l2tp uses fixed ports , if your service provider or firewall blocks certain communication ports used by pptp or l2tp , they won’t work while openvpn can be configured to use any port ( on the server side ) and supports multiple protocols . most operating systems and devices have built-in support for pptp and you simply need to fill in a server address , a username and password to configure and no additional software is needed while openvpn requires installing additional software . on some devices it can be complicated . sometimes a user is required to deal with certificates , configuration files , etc . in terms of speed , generally speaking , less encryption means greater speed but at the cost of less security . however , if your devices are of reasonable speed this should not be a major factor . some people say openvpn on udp is the fastest but according to my own experience on purevpn , they are all more or less the same . speed depends much more on your connection to the server and other factors . in a nutshell , it is best to consider your security requirements and pick a protocol accordingly .
download a clockworkmod recovery from offsite and firstly try to use fastboot boot . if it works correctly , flash recovery .
as penguinolog said , try to " fastboot boot " into the recovery using " fastboot boot recovery . img " . if you can , the recovery is not to blame . rather , the recovery partition may have accumulated some bad blocks which might have to be cleared beforehand flashing the recovery .
try fastboot flash --recovery recovery . img --no-reboot
looks like the external keyboard helper app lets me switch layouts of an external usb keyboard on my nexus 7 , no root access needed .
i have a similar issue trying to get my physical keyboard to work with dvorak . i came across the following links : http://www.mjvanderwielen.com/?p=1321 http://jahrome.free.fr/index.php/keyboard-mapping-android-htc-desire?lang=en these essentially describe how to create your own keyboard mapping file . you had need root access to do this . i have not tried this myself though ( yet . )
apparently , android 4.1 has built-in support for changing the layout of usb and bluetooth keyboards , /and/ allows users to install custom layouts without root . not much use for devices without jellybean , but it is good to know that up-to-date devices do not have this issue anymore . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17119
as a partial solution . . . i have had some success with extkeyboardremapper ( aka laurent2o1o keyboard ) . i successfully swapped q with a by following the translated french instructions . i have not got as far as creating a full layout , but i wonder if i could just copy layouts from somewhere in ubuntu . edit : on ubuntu and probably most other linux systems , these files are found in : /usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/  for non-linux users , here 's the web repo of the source : http://cgit.freedesktop.org/xkeyboard-config/tree/symbols?h=2.2-branch the files are not directly compatible with extkeyboardremapper , but they can serve as a guide for making the k2g.cfg file . colemak and dvorak can be found in the us file , other files such as gb just amend the us version it seems . edit : using the x11 keyboard layout files as a guide , i made a k2g.cfg for colemak , to complete my solution . here 's how to use it : mkdir /sdcard/keyremap  make this file : /sdcard/keyremap/s2k.cfg 86 =&gt; 773  this is because android does not seem to have a keycode for &lt;LSGT&gt; , so let 's call it 773 for now . make this file : /sdcard/keyremap/k2g.cfg the prepended 0 's effectively comment out the line . i have commented out all but the necessary lines due to this bug , but if the bug gets fixed , or you use the altgr characters more than ctrl shortcuts , then just uncomment them . us users can cut the uk extension at the end , others will have to replace it with their own . if you really want to duplicate your backspace key , you need to add this line to s2k.cfg: 58 =&gt; 67  . . . but you may find that the backspace function is merely added to the capslock key . now just install extkeyboardremapper , enable it , and select it !
according to the first android related link on the front page of http://colemak.com/ the anysoftkeyboard app ( market link ) is their main recommendation for android phones . one of the bullet points in the featuireslist on their home page is : physical keyboard is supported as-well . it sounds like that could do the job for you ?
you should be able to do this by going to Settings => Repeat while the video is playing and enable it . ( source )
the stock video player on the s3 does not have this functionality . you can achieve it by installing another video app such as vlc for android .
man , you are out of luck . versions of injustice for android and ios differ greatly . the ios version generally gets updated months before android . this affects what characters you can buy , what challenges you can complete etc . i thinks it is safe to say they are incompatible . and from my experience the android version performs rather poorly compared to ios . considering all of the above i would recommend sticking to your iphone for playing injustice .
technically no , the relationship is not linear . milliamp-hours ( or amp-seconds , coulombs , or any other similar unit ) is a measurement of electrical charge , not of electrical energy . as with all common batteries , the voltage is not constant while the battery is being discharged . assuming your phone was drawing as much power as it could the whole time , the current would be constant ; coupled with the fluctuating voltage this means that the energy drain from the battery is not linear . essentially this means that the first 1650 mah drained from a 2000 mah battery will not comprise proportionally the same energy drain as the last 350 mah , meaning that the battery capacity affects the battery life in a nonlinear fashion . for your purposes it should give you a more or less linear boost , however . it depends how much current your phone draws at any given time but you can expect an approximate 20% boost in battery life on a full charge . i would suspect slightly less than 20% due to the tail end of the battery being longer ( more charge stored in the battery after the voltage has dropped too low for the phone to use it ) but i do not know for sure .
no , the droid is a cdma phone . in general you can assume that phones on verizon and sprint will not work on at and t or t-mobile , and vice-versa .
i am returning it today because the video is non-watchable , contains flicker and artifacts obviously it is from a bad batch ( defective units out of the box , april 2013 ) . at least i have tested it and saw artifacts when casting youtube video to google chromecast .
if you are running an os between 4.0 and 4.3 , you can just use vroot to do it .
i . before you begin : rooting voids the warranty of your device ( until you unroot it ) . please charge your device to have at least 60% of battery life download root package from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1936878 download and place the root package file onto your desktop . do not extract it . connect your device to your pc using the usb cable . copy the root package file over to the sd card of your device . once done , disconnect the device from your pc . turn off the device . reboot the device into stock recovery . to do so , press and hold the volume down+home+power buttons together . once inside the recovery , choose apply update from sdcard . select the root package ( update . zip ) you copied earlier to the device . be patient and let it root the device . once done , reboot the device . you’re good to go ! brilliant ! you now have root access on your galaxy chat b5330 device
to add to @mattthew ' s comment , even if you move the apps to sd card part of them always reside inside internal memory . also the system needs to know what apps are installed , apps like market need to know about them . so , no they will not work after factory reset . for big games like from gameloft the extra data you downloaded from inside the game will work though . i do not know what will happen to this with the new market policy of allowing upto 4gb files .
the bookmarks would be synced to google servers if the browser is signed in . then try clearing the cache of the app . uninstall any updates to the app to see if that is causing the issue . if it still crashes , clear the app data , but if the bookmarks are not synced they will be erased
just about every samsung device can be flashed with odin , regardless of what firmware is installed on it at the time . for specific instructions you can refer to this xda thread , which explains how to flash a rooted fc09 image : put your device into download mode connect to your computer and make sure odin recognizes your device flash the clockworkmod . tar . md5 . make sure everything is unchecked including autoreboot ! ! ! ! once odin does its thang , unplug your phone and pull the battery now reboot into cwm recovery by pressing and holding the power button , camera , and volume down button until the capacitive buttons at the bottom show now locate the rom . zip . it should be called deodexedfc09 . zip wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache partition , wipe dalvik cache , and if you want wipe batt stats now reboot , and you should be running stock rooted fc09 ! odin : http://www.mediafire.com/?66csfeo1ce95ysw cwm tar : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1357655 stock fc09: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1580931 you should be able to get the epic into download mode by doing the following : you enter download mode by shutting device completely off . then open the physical keyboard press and hold the 1 key and then press power for a few seconds . downgrading , rooting , and then updating seems unnecessarily complicated . the updates probably would not apply on their own once the device was rooted , so you had need to install them manually anyway . you might as well just install the image you want straight away instead , whether that is a stock one like the above linked image or cyanogenmod .
this is most likely due to a licensing issue . you should uninstall swype and then use the swype installer to install it again .
you do not say anything about what phone or android version you currently have . but android 4.2 includes now a swype-like gestual typing keyboard . there is a downloadable version for you to install , if your phone supports it . try out the new android 4.2 keyboard now !
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
there is no way to do this natively in the settings of android , as you have noticed . however , there is an app on the android market called " wifi static " that should help you with what you are looking for .
there are basically two options : help to get it supported , or look for an unofficial build . i wrote some notes about helping to get cyanogenmod supported on your device in my answer to why is not there a cyanogenmod stable rom for my device ? . if you already have the specialist skills needed for rom porting , you can do this yourself , but even if you do not , other volunteers at the cyanogenmod might be able to achieve it with your help . the only alternative is if there is an unofficial build . because cyanogenmod is an open-source fork of aosp , anyone with the skills and the hardware can port it for their device and release that build . unofficial builds can commonly be found by searching the xda-developers forum . they do not have the same quality control , support community , or updates as regular cm builds , and of course with an unofficial build the risk of the rom being backdoored ( so the porter can access your phone illicitly ) is much greater , but if you are willing to take those risks it provides another way to get cyanogenmod . if there is no unofficial build , or you do not like the risks i have described , and you are not willing to help get your device officially supported , then you can not use cyanogenmod on your device .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
if you need an external microphone , and your device does not support usb audio ( as hiemanshu 's answer suggests ) : a work-around would be using a microphone with the 3.5" audio jack . as headsets use that successfully , it should work . i have never tried , so theoretically a side-effect could be sound output gets blocked whith the device assuming you have got a headset plugged in . if that is the case , there are apps available to control where which audio is routed to . you can find some in this list .
you positively need a computer . rooting an android phone means running an exploit , that the phone will not allow to run on itself . it can be run only on " debug via usb " mode .
as stated in the comments under the question , opera mobile acts in a much more sensible manner , creating a new tab for each link clicked . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.opera.browser
first : as you did a backup including all your apps , you cannot restore a single app from it easily 1 ( adb restore is an all-or-nothing ; either you restore the entire backup , or nothing – there are no parameters to specify parts to be restored ) . second : if you had create separate backups ( one per app ) , a restore should be possible across devices and android versions ( at least " upwards " , i.e. backup made on the same or lower android version as you want to restore it to ) . i have done that multiple times successfully , even across different brands and android versions , in this way . though that is not a guarantee : ) 1 there are tools available to decode/split files created by adb backup , especially for that reason : to be able to restore a single app if you did not think of that when creating the mega-backup .
do not know if you figured this out or not , but titanium backup has a feature where you can import an adb backup and then from there restore individual apps or all apps . only down side , titanium backup does need root . that being said , i think it is worth it . for details : http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-howtos.html#backup-without-root in case that link goes away : connect your device and make sure its listed with the following command : adb devices run a full backup with the following command : adb backup -f fullbackup . ab -apk -all this will create a “package” called “fullbackup . ab” on the current location in your command prompt . this is your backup package . now you can root your phone . once finished rooting , insert the “fullbackup . ab” package on your sdcard hit the menu button and look for “extract from adb backup” option . this will prompt you to search for the file . use the file manager that you installed earlier and navigate to the directory and select the fullbackup . ab file . now restore like as if the backup was made with titanium backup . don’t forget to make a fresh copy of the backup using titanium backup . you’re done !
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
go to this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1659231 and follow instructions carefully . if you don´t know what you´re doing , don´t do it ! you´re welcome :- ) )
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
go to https://play.google.com/store/account , with a regular desktop . then click on the tab ' orders ' , you shall find there all the apps you downloaded via google play . after clicking Install or Installed button , you will get pop-up having device list . if app is already installed in a device with linked status , device would be inactive to send install signal . it can be used as identifier .
i also had this problem with lux , always light reported -1 , which i do not know it is a problem either from phone , sensor , android , or lux itself ! btw , i solved it by using front camera instead of light sensor . here is how : go to lux settings click on sample collection click on light reading modes select camera instead of light sensor select front camera ( it is obvious that its better than rear camera for this purpose ) now , from main screen of settings , click on modify linked samples from top , click on luma ( this app uses lux for sensor readings and luma for camera readings ) then you can see app reads ambient light value from camera and displays at top . now the app should do its job , but you may want to check other settings to match your preferences . good luck
to partially answer my own question , the cid is a unique identifier assigned to the sd card at manufacture time . it is stored in a special register which is accessed using the SEND_CID command . from page 93 of part 1 physical layer simplified specification : the card identification ( cid ) register is 128 bits wide . it contains the card identification information used during the card identification phase . every individual read/write ( rw ) card shall have a unique identification number . the cid therefore does not change when the card is formatted , and will be reported the same regardless of which device the card is plugged into . the card does have an mbr partition table , and the goldcard image is inserted into the code area of the mbr ( between 0x000 and 0x1b7 ) . there is therefore no direct interaction with the fat32 filesystem . the first 128 bytes of the image are null however , and so it does not seem to actually be executable .
you can use lightflow to manage all your led notifications and use that to turn off leds for any programs you want . you can also use it to change notification led colours as well .
seems like you are trying to play files with the default music player . just try using some other music player from the google play store . if that does not help , then i guess you should check your files . maybe there is something in the files that is preventing android to behave the way it should . just guessing .
from the samsung tech support , they say that : when the aux cable is plugged in , blue-tooth audio is dead . however , from the ics options during a call : during a call , you can also use buttons near the bottom of the screen to : switch to the dialer , for example to enter a code . controls the audio output as follows : if a bluetooth headset is not connected : turns the speakerphone on or off . if a bluetooth headset is connected : functions as a 3-way switch between the built-in earpiece , the speakerphone , and the headset . the icon changes to indicate the current output . touch and hold to see a 3-way menu . if a wired headset is plugged into the phone , it replaces the phone 's built-in earpiece . note : the google support link refers to the android 4.0 for galaxy nexus ( released 2011 , november ) , but the one you have is newer ( released 2012 , may ) . since the os is the same , there is no reason as to not have those options available . you can try and check if the mentioned option at point 2.2 . works , but besides from that , i believe that you are out of luck on this subject .
try an app named soundabout . it can let you configure this to work .
i have developed 2 work-arounds : turn off bluetooth . when i do this , i hear the call through my car speakers ( using cable from headphone jack to aux input ) and use my phone 's microphone rather than the car 's microphone . drawbacks : a . i need to make sure that my car stereo is set to aux input during phone calls . b . i can not use my car 's voice dialer , which has a convenient activation button on the steering wheel . get a second bluetooth receiver and connect it to the aux input in my car . this has the added benefits of not triggering the s3 's " you plugged in headphones " notification ( which i find annoying and have not been able to find a way to switch off ) and also does not halve the volume automatically , like plugging in a cable to the headphone jack does . drawbacks : a . you have to spend an extra $20 - $30 . i bought the gogroove bluegate from newegg ( http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16875991070 ) although have since found a cheaper receiver ( http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10827cs_id=1082704p_id=7364seq=1format=2 ) that seems like it would also work . b . it takes a little bit of playing around to get it to work . so far , i seem to need to turn on the extra receiver and then manually connect the bluetooth to both the car and the spare transceiver -- it seems like i can not just get in my car and have everything automatically work , but i only started using this setup yesterday so maybe i will be able to work out some of these kinks .
soundabout from google play store seems to have fixed the problem for a lot of people - see user comment below samsung galaxy s3 developer has worked continuously to make this app work better . it solved my major issue of allowing my sgsiii to play music through the headset jack to my vehicle and answer phone calls on my oem bluetooth . before this app to get bluetooth to work i had to manually unplug the headset cord from my sgsiii to hear the other person when receiving a call or making a call . this app makes the phone perform like it should for my situation but is so smooth i forget the app is making it happen . short cut to soundabout on google play store
apparently this post suggests that the proximity sensor and touchpads currently do not work with cm9 . this may be fixed in a later release , but i would hold off for the moment .
for the images , you should ramp up the " size to retrieve " value . most images are in the ten or hundreds of kilobytes . for the sync- the first thing you should try is -- from the homescreen , menu> settings> accounts and sync> and ensure that sync is enabled for the email client . -however- you may not have a version of the stock email client that supports the exchange push protocol . ( such a thing used to exist , although i am fairly sure all stock mail clients support exchange , nowadays ) or else , you may need to remove the account and manually re-add it as an account that uses " exchange " - hth !
mtd ( memory technology device ) is a type of partition map ( configuration of partitions of nand ) . partition map allows those who are using it control over how their partitions are sized and how much space is allocated here and how much space is taken away from there . a file system resides on the partition map and governs the data being read , wrote , moved etc by the os ( android ) . changing a file system of a partition is very easy , but changing overall partition mapping is not . plus , partition mapping decides which file system to support . so , its choice is very important . mtd is open source . mtd supports yaffs2 as a file system residing on it governing how data is transferred and the speed of which it is done . ext2 through 4 are not possible with mtd . due to open source nature , it gives you full control over partitions . choose mtd if you use cyanogenmod or miui type custom roms . a bit of knowledge : samsung 's stock rom uses bml partition map . bml is proprietary in nature . it is close source .
gps works fine in a case or pocket . you do need a generally unobstructed view ( from a radio perspective , not necessarily a visible perspective ) of the sky ( no trees/buildings/etc . in the way , but thin barriers , like say a tent , will not present a problem . ) in order to pick up the gps signals from the satellites . ideally , you should have as clear and as wide a view of the sky as possible . ideal conditions would be standing in a flat empty field with visibility to the horizon in all directions . narrow that view of the sky by adding buildings and trees and your ability to obtain an accurate lock starts to degrade and you get more and more error in your position , until such point where you can not get an accurate lock ( or in extreme cases , like being in a deep basement or similar , any lock at all ) at all .
nope . mobile device drivers tend to be highly specific and there is no sort of defaults that will work across devices .
i figured out a workaround . the workaround is to download a file manager tool and then double click the . p12 cert , which opens up and prompts for the password . i still do not know why the control panel does not do what it suggests , but at least i found a solution .
my guess is that it wants the cert to be in a particular spot ( and possibly to have a particular name ) . from google 's support pages , we see that the cert has to be at the root of your phone 's internal storage , not external .
yes , it is using a push notification via google cloud messaging ( gcm ) , the same as google+ hangouts , google+ , gmail , and some third-party apps .
google play uses c2dm ( cloud to device messaging ) to inform your device about the download . on your device , the google play store app has registered a corresponding " receiver " , so it knows this message was meant for it , and downloads the .apk – which then gets installed to your device . and yes , your guess was right : c2dm is also often referred to with the term " push notification " .
i have done some research and it seems to be an oddity of the tablet . when you do ' move to sd ' whats happening is its moving data to another part of the -internal- sdcard . you can not move apps to the external one e.g. http://yatse.leetzone.org/redmine/boards/2/topics/259#.utfgxxyen8e thanks anyway
yes it is . as on linux , it is called swap . it might be useful on devices with minimal ram ( 512mb and less ) , but unlinkely on those coming with 1gb and more . there are apps available helping you to configure swapping . you find most of them searching for swapper .
yes , it should be able to recover files after a reset . that is , any deleted files from before the reset are still deleted files after a reset , and it has the same chance at recovering the files . however , if the deleted files are on the system partition , the deleted space may be overwritten during a factory reset . as with any undelete utility , if the deleted file space gets overwritten , the file is unrecoverable . a factory reset will generally delete the user partition as well as reset the system partition by deleting and overwriting certain files on the system partition . in general , doing a factory reset will not hinder a file recovery app such as disk digger . as long as you want to recover deleted files from the standard partition , a factory reset will not endanger your deleted files any more than continuing to use the device would .
while i see that disk digger does advertise that it can recover files from formatted drives , i sort of doubt that it can do anything to recover files lost in a factory reset , insofar as the reset involves deleting the contents of the drive and replacing them with something new . ( and usually , the factory reset covers all of the partitions of your sd card / internal memory , including your " data " partition , where user files are stored . ) that said , if the deleted files were associated with a google app , or with a game that had google play services enabled ( and your google account connected ) , they might be restored when you re-associate the factory-reset device with your google account . sorry i could not be more helpful . . .
credit to izzy for the solution . the problem with the factory reset was that google back up copy included some apps and they were reinstalled . so you have to untick the back up to google on the recovery menu and make sure to untick it when you are starting up your phone again . it is checked as default . it even solved the issue i had with the dictionary app , as i could re choose the dictionary i need .
if you want to make a full fresh reset of your device , you should do a research on forum . xda-developers . com on how to perform flashing a stock rom on your device .
the apps on the internal memory are system apps . they can be deleted only if you have root .
the steps you will have to take to restore to original state ( stock ) if you are rooted unroot using z4root ( if you are rooted ) you may not even have to do this with flashing the stock rom . download the stock rom for the defy http://and-developers.com/sbf:defy you will need rdslite to flash , and afaik , you can only flash the uk version as 2.51 builds cannot downgrde . you will need to search the internet for rdslite as it is a proprietary software used internally at motorola . extract the zip so you have an sbf file get the phone in the bootloader plug in the phone to usb open rds lite and browse for the sbf file click on the defy and click start you can probably find more detailed instructions , but this is the " basics " on doing it .
provided you have not rooted your phone or changed the kernel , a simple factory reset will do what you require . tap settings . scroll down and tap privacy . tap factory data reset . tap reset phone .
" online " means that viber is running in the foreground or background ( the user is available for calls or messages ) . when the phone has no internet connection , or the user manually used the " exit " option inside viber , this changes their status to " last online at . . . " in some cases , depending on the mobile kernel and software , the user uses something like power saving mode , so after the idle time , the wifi is turned off or some background application is turn off . . . so viber is turned off , your bf 's viber state is also offline .
the touchwiz memo app has been ported to ics , you can grab it on xda ( this is in the vibrant xda forum sub-section , but it works on other phones ) . this app works on jb too , you simply have to install it as a regular apk ( not in system/app )
there is not a native notes app for the nexus s because it does not have touchwiz ui . i am quite certain the voice action ' note to self ' actually sends an email to yourself ( i do not personally use that action , not sure it likes a british accent ) there are loads of third party apps though . for example scribb . it is full to the bursting with features , ak notepad is quite a good simple one or evernote has a strong following and quite a few more features .
taken from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=811457 this hack ( http://c-skills.blogspot.com/2010/07/android-trickery.html ) is almost universal . i have compiled and tested a version for x10 mini . download : exploid_x10mini . zip download and extract the archive . you will need adb from android sdk and usb drivers for x10 mini ( part of sony ericsson pc companion ) . enable usb debugging on the phone in settings> applications> development and connect the phone to pc via usb . add the power control widget to your active widgets on the phone , so you can quickly turn off and on the wi-fi function . from the command line ( on windows it is cmd . exe ) : cd c:\exploid_x10mini ( or another folder where you have extracted the files from exploid_x10mini . zip ) adb push Superuser.apk /sdcard/Superuser.apk adb push su /sdcard/su adb push exploid /sqlite_stmt_journals/exploid adb push busybox /sqlite_stmt_journals/busybox adb shell cd sqlite_stmt_journals chmod 755 exploid chmod 755 busybox immediately after the next command , you will need to disable and enable the wi-fi using the power widget on the phone : ./exploid then run : rootshell and enter password rootnow prompt will change to # - now we have root . enter the following to make it permanent : ./busybox cp /sdcard/Superuser.apk /system/app/ ./busybox cp /sdcard/su /system/bin/ ./busybox cp busybox /system/bin/ chmod 4755 /system/bin/su rm /system/bin/rootshell exit - out of rootshell exit - out of adb shell verification : when you run the abd shell again and issue su command , the superuser . apk will run on the phone and will ask whether to allow the root permissions . . .
it appears that you can do it with superoneclick . see here for details .
you have to remember that gs3 has a quad core processor which uses quite a bit of power . also you have 4 radios ( gps , bluetooth , wifi and mobile data . if you are leaving all the radios on during the work day , you are consuming battery power . did you listen to music sometimes during the day . . . . ? did check facebook or take pictures ? which apps to do you have running ? all these features consume power . you might need to adjust your features - turn off bluetooth and/or gps and wifi if you are not using them or close some of the apps . if i am away from a charging station and am listening to music and do not need my gps or wifi , i usually turn those features off to conserve battery poweer .
i have yet to find a way to create a hostname for an android device . what i have done is that i set an ip reservation for my phone , so that every time i go to use ssh ( i use quicksshd , but it should work for sshelper ) you can at least point to the same ip address . there is no way to set a host name for the phone , that i have found .
i am leaving my old answer since the browse and parsing examples may still be useful for some people . thanks to the developer 's version 5.5 update to sshelper , you can create a user defined name to be the phones zeroconf instance name . sshelper will run the ssh server on a non-rooted android . it will register the bluetooth name as the zeroconf name . now , as long as the machine you are connecting from has the avahi/bonjour client software , you can ping , ssh , sftp , or rsync to phonename . local . if you do not change your bluetooth name , it will default register with the device model name . e.g. " nexus_4" # For example: ping Nexus_4.local SSH Nexus_4.local 
in the march 2014 update to sshelper the documentation states new changes to it is zeroconf broadcasting name . in the documentation configuration section of the details it describes the checkbox to " enable zeroconf broadcasting " . when this is enabled any other client on the local network , will be able to browse and then connect for sshelper on the network . still though , sshelper does not have the option to input a custom zeroconf name . the app automatically registers a zeroconf instance name , which allows others to find any " sshelper " on the network . as of sshelper ver 5.0 , the registered instance name is the model name of your android . for instance , " nexus 4" i agree this is not very helpful if there is more than one android " nexus 4" running sshelper , but if there is only one , then any remote client can connect to the android ssh server without having to know the it is name . you do not need to look at the sshelper app to know which ip/hostname to connect to from your other machine . from linux ( you may need to install avahi-utils ) : avahi-browse --terminate --resolve --parsable _ssh._tcp more specifically , entering this command will ssh connect to the android e.g. " nexus 4" server without needing to know it is name : ssh `avahi-browse --terminate --resolve --parsable _ssh._tcp \ | grep "Nexus.*;local;" \ | sed -E 's/.*Nexus.*;local;(.*.local);.*/\1/g'`  for os x ( 10.9 mavericks ) , there is nothing to install but you must run dns-sdand then ctrl + c to kill the process after you see the android bonjour hostname .
you can take a look at www.whatsappmigrator.com ( free )
there is no simple way of doing so , you have to do a lot of technical mumble-jumble for this . caution :: do not install whatsapp on your android device beforehand . if you are ready then : [ i have not tried this with mac , this works fine in pc ( win ) and linux ] connect your iphone to the system ( pc ) do not start itunes . if starts automatically then close it . open command prompt ( run : cmd ) or terminal . now here is the tricky part , you have to search for a folder named " whatsapp " . you have to use command line " dir " - to see visible contents of the current folder . " dir\a " - to see all contents ( including the hidden and system ) of the current folder . " cd [ folder ] " - change directory ( change folder to ) . copy the folder " whatsapp " to your system by using copy [ source ] [ destination ] . now simply connect your android phone and copy that folder in the primary usb storage ( memory card ) . now install whatsapp , authorise it and it will ask you to restore backup . do it and you are done .
one method you can try is download and use aroma file manager . it is a recovery based file manager . means you can access all files and do all file operations like cut , move etc . but not sure if it will work on un rooted device . but you can try .
i am going to assume that , as suggested in the comments , brightness is ( for some reason ) one of the settings that gets wiped when the sim is swapped .
is it the case that you can not see anything at all , or is it just really , really dark at the moment ? most lcd screens will show something faintly , even without a backlight , if you can get them in the right light . if you can see something then the easiest way to turn the lights up ( if you are using android 1.6+ ) is to add the power control widget to the home screen and then tap the far-right button on the power control bar , this should turn the brightness to half and then full , and you should be able to get to the rest of your settings then .
use apk 1.3 ( pc ) to access tablet and screen shot shows what is in the screen . keep refreshing screen shot as you press tablet options . mike m .
looks like this might be hardware , but not broken hardware . edit : see comments below , but i suspect this is actually the tag hardware i was using and not the phone hardware causing the problem . this appears to be a design flaw with the nexus 4 and i would absolutely love to hear from any other nexus 4 owners who use nfc tags . i managed to get it to work consistently with some tags at home ( i.e. . not broken hardware ) . the only tags i can get to work though are " sticker " tags . the other tags i have are wrapped in some kind of hard plastic enamel to protect them from damage and allow you to carry them on a keychain etc . . . ( also some which are specially designed to work near metal and other sources of interference , they did not work , i assume because they are also thicker than paper ) . any nfc tag that was made of the thicker plastic ( i.e. . not a pure sticker ) would not scan , i am thinking this has to do with range . i could get them to scan somewhat inconsistently so i know the tags were ok ( also tested on other phone ) . they also scanned better when i removed the back cover , but this cover is literally 1mm thick . maybe 1.5mm . it is a ringke slim . so i have to conclude there is something internal to the nexus 4 that is ruining the range . seems like a massive oversight , but what other conclusion can you draw from the results i have so far ? will update if i learn more . does anyone have a nexus 4 and use a thicker nfc tag ( basically anything that is not paper thin ) ? if so , let me know , otherwise i will accept this answer in a few days .
i found the solution : check the virtualbox version and go to their website and update the extension pack . this is on a fedora 20 system and after updating the virtualbox " extension pack " and uninstalling all the all the " universal serial bus controllers " drivers in " device manager " of the guest ( windows 7 ) , and then shutting down the guest and rebooting the host . everything is back to normal and working . yei
ok so i am going to take a small leap here and assume you were trying to root your device . here is what you need to know : soft-brick symptoms you can immediately tell that you have a soft-bricked phone if it turns on but does not really ' turn on ' . you will see some kind of boot loader screen that will prompt you to connect your phone to your computer and start a transfer . sometimes a soft-brick will look like a hard-brick ( see below ) , in this case you can plug your device into your computer and see if you can connect to it . if you can connect to it and transfer over a new rom , then your device is soft-bricked . what is it ? this word is actually miss used all over the internet . when a device is ' bricked ' , that means that the system can boot up but it can not launch the operating system because it has been erased/corrupted . a soft-bricked device is actually not the worst thing in the world , all you have to do is flash it with a new rom and you are good to go ! make sure the rom you are trying to flash the device with goes with the exact device . ' close ' only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades . hard-brick symptoms you can tell that a device is hard-bricked if you try to turn it on or charge it and you get no response . if you cannot launch the boot loader with the special combination ( usually power button along with up volume and menu button ) then it is probably a hard-brick . make sure you have determined that your power source and your battery are functioning properly before you jump to this conclusion . what is it ? a device that is hard bricked is almost useless . there is almost nothing you can do to get it back unless you have professional experience in hardware hacking . basically what you need to do is make your own ' jig ' that flashes the device rom with a new boot loader . once the boot loader is flashed , then you have your backdoor . you can then boot up the phone and flash it . i will be completely honest with you , you have 2 options if your device has been hard-bricked : try to get a new one through your warranty ( which is now void ) on your device if it is not expired . if you try to do this and you get caught you will have to pay the full price of the device and your carrier will get very angry with you . if you get away with it , you have a new phone and the phone carriers get to sell your phone as a refurbished phone . pay someone to j-tag it for you . depending on which device you have , it can cost as low as $40 . i do not recommend this method because if they decide that they want to keep your phone ( especially if you are shipping to canada or asia ) there is nothing you can do and you are sol with no phone and $40 missing out of your pocket . the internet is full of people with your exact same problem . a quick google search will give you answers to most of your questions . for samsung device users specifically samsung devices can usually be forced into download mode using a jig . they are pretty simple and cheap to make . if your device has been soft-bricked this will almost always work . if your device is hard-bricked this method will not work , i have tried .
no it is not possible . even if you send him a message without him adding you as a contact the first thing he will see is your number .
open joined contact > menu button > mark as default > chose account , name , phone . thats all .
if you want to go the wireless route i would recommend wi-fi file explorer pro . just make a tethered wifi network ( or be on the same router ) use the app on your phone to get a local ip and transfer all files directly . it needs no installation on your computer ; just install it on your phone and use it .
if they were free applications , then you will be able to copy them over easily . if they are paid applications , you will need to go to market> ( menu button ) > my apps to download them . good thing they are bound to the google account ! of course , this hinges on whether you get a tablet that has market . i think the archos tablets and similar devices did not have it , but the honeycomb tablets do .
yes -- the easiest method is to put them on the sd card , use a file manager to browse to them , and click each to get the installation prompt .
another option is to use dropbox to transfer the apks . that was how i got them on my archos tab before i got the market on there . dropbox lets you download the dropbox app directly from their website , so there is no market needed . after that all you have to do is send every apk from your phone that you want onto your tablet to dropbox , then you can install them directly from there .
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
i never tried it but applications can access usb through the following api since android 3.1 . to confirm this there are devices with infrared that you plug to usb in your phone to use it as universal remote control .
what you want to achieve is working perfectly fine e.g. with locus maps , as i can say from my own experience . you can even use kmz files − and if they are self-contained ( i.e. . all pictures etc . are inside the file , no external resources linked ) , you can even create your own travel guides ( i did that , works like a charm ) . the offline maps can be selected and downloaded for free from inside the app as well .
possible options , though not ideal ones : flash a custom rom that uses the vanilla contacts app export your contacts from google and import them manually ( shut off sync )
since you have cm6 flashed already , try booting the phone into the bootloader ( fastboot ) . if you can get in there , you can rescue your phone with fastboot erase cache ; if that does not work , reflash cm6 . this will cost you your data that is not on the sd card . opinion : having had a bunch of g1s ( all secondhand ) , they are not the most reliable phones i have owned . i have had one turn into a brick ( permanently ! ) after leaving it in a hot car ( next to my magic , same chipset , which survived ) for 30 minutes .
do a dalvik cache wipe . check the last paragraph of the following blog post http://www.olafusimichael.com/2010/09/how-i-flashed-my-htc-dream-t-mobile-g1.html sorry for the short answer , but it should fix the issue .
one baseline for measuring phone performance is the quadrant score . here is the quadrant score for droid x with froyo and gingerbread . this site shows various quadrant scores for the droid x with cm7 , as well as unofficial versions of gingerbread and froyo . there are some debates about the usefulness of the quadrant score - hopefully since these are comparisons with the same model of phone , they would be useful .
to clear ram memory you can use greenify . it also supports non rooted phone . few things from the app description : unlike the " freeze " feature in " titaniumbackup pro " that totally disable the app , you can still use your app as usual , share content with it . no need to freeze and defrozen it . unlike " autostarts " , you can benefit from almost all of its advantages , without needing to deal with the complexity and risk of obscure app components , and never lose functionality when app is actively running . unlike any " xxx task killer " , your device will never fall into the cat-mouse-game of stealthy-running and aggressive killing , which unnecessarily consumes more battery juice .
i use advanced task manager and auto-shortcut in tasker to kill apps . for your other question , you could create a variable "%chrome=1" the first time you launch it , and only pop up the menu if the variable is set . on exit , wait a couple minutes then clear %chrome again .
you might want to take a look at scriptmanager : manage and execute shell scripts and programs in file system . all executions run over vt100 terminal accepting user input and esc codes ( colors , bel , cursor movement . . ) run them at boot-up and/or on network status change possibility . schedule at selected time . ( cron jobs ) alternatively , tasker can be used as well to execute scripts ( and other tasks ) at certain events – as , e.g. , on boot .
in latest swype beta ( version 1.0.3.5809 ) , there is an option Personal Dictionary in swype settings . it is an easy gui way to manage swype user dictionary .
so far , it seems like this dictionary has eluded people all over . there are a few things that have worked for most people as far as getting swype under control . to delete a single word , type it using swype , highlight it ( by clicking or double clicking the word ) , and press the swype key ( button with " info " icon ) to add a word , type it very carefully letter by letter and press the swype key to save it to the dictionary to batch add multiple words to the dictionary ( this has been tested and worked ) , type the words you wish to add in a text document ( either on your phone or on your computer and then view it on your phone ) . highlight the block of text and push the swype key . this should add every word in the block to the dictionary .
i have just manually updated my gsm t-mobile nexus s and it connected automatically to my home wi-fi , i had all the previous settings stored , and i am also detecting all the wi-fis from my neighbours . could you give more details about your issue ?
this differs from carrier to carrier . some will be sim-locked , some are not . you will have to ask your carrier . it has nothing to do with the os .
as izzy suggested ; did you try an ftp client ? andftp turbo ftp client and sftp client ftp client wm ftp client greyhound ftp client i have only used andftp before and it worked fine so i can recommend that one .
i am afraid you delete the whole system on your device , so that there is currently no rom to boot . what you can do now is to flash a rom . if you have an external sd card slot , then push your rom files and g-apps onto it and insert the card and flash via recovery . if your device does not have an external sd card slot or you do not have one , you have to flash the rom via adb . here 's a link to that : xda-wiki i hope i understood you correctly and that it helps
please try to to make sure of the version of the messenger you have is ( version 2.11.169 ) , and then try to download the application manually from whatsapp website ( http://www.whatsapp.com/android/ ) and install it manually , while installing it it will ask for replacement , hit yes and continue installing , this will give you the previlage to avoid losing all previous data and to recover whatsapp 's data .
try disabling the talkback feature if it is on . go to Settings&gt;Accessibility&gt;Talkback and uncheck .
once the encryption screen comes up , android may have gotten far enough in the bootprocess for the adb server to start . if you have adb set up on the computer , check and see if the computer can recognize the phone by typing adb devices . if you see device with a serial number , then just simply type adb reboot recovery . ( if you do not have adb , there are several guides that can be found via google that explain how to get it set up . )
google goggles you can basically scan text with it and it is copied to the device as raw text .
scanning a hyperlink on a page ( visually , as qr code usually is ) can be problematic . after all , almost every link on the page you are reading does not present a full url that can be used by the handset ( e . g . http://www.google.com does not bring you where it says that it does ) . in light of this , the chrome to phone extension for the chrome browser can send a page to your phone where you can bookmark it . in addition , you get several other nice features ( send a highlighted number to your phone 's dialer from the browser or launch google maps links on your phone from a browser link ) . very handy . if you are not thrilled with chrome , firefox even has an add-on
the format of these files is described in sqlite 's documentation . the db file is the main database and starts with the string "SQLite format 3\000" ( note that \000 is the zero byte or ascii nul ) . the db-journal file is the journal for the database . you only need it if the database was open when you performed the factory reset ( that is , if the app was running and in the middle of writing the database ) . it starts with the following bytes : 0xd9 , 0xd5 , 0x05 , 0xf9 , 0x20 , 0xa1 , 0x63 , 0xd7 .
some twitter apps allow you to " retweet with comment " or " quote and reply " in which case you can remove the original username before retweeting . if your friend chose to do that before retweeting , you will not be able to see the original username . tweetcaster pro has the " retweet with comment " option .
do you mean you want to see which ports are being used on the pc or android device ? you can use the netstat command for this . on windows : netstat -an | find /i "listening" on linux : `netstat -an | grep " listen " ( notice the space after listen ) this shows all the ports that are listening for incoming connection ( i.e. . have a server of some kind behind them ) . if you need to know which server , you can use this on linux : netstat -anp | grep "LISTEN " . do not know about the windows counterpart , but there is a -o switch to print the process id and you can compare it to the ones in task manager .
no . apps on android can not interfere with each other 's operations to the extent you describe . i can think of two options that come close to what you describe : use a standard pgp app and copy-and-paste ciphertext between that and the chat app . if the chat app you are using uses direct client-to-client transmissions , instead of every message going via a server , then you could set up a vpn and ask your partner to join it before starting to chat with you . to be honest , neither of these options , nor the ideal circumstance you describe , sound like an easier sell than simply asking your friends to use a secure chat system . i suggest to you that jabber offers this functionality while allowing a choice of clients , some of which can also use different chat systems , so it might be the easiest transition path .
looks like a driver is definitely needed at least . take a look at this xda post and this acer tablet forum post .
the “micro-usb” headphone used by lg gs155 is not really an usb device — it just uses the usb connector for the same analog audio signals as in usual 3.5 or 2.5 mm round connectors . look at the microusb to 3.5 or 2.5 jack headset pinout . in order to work with such headsets , the phone needs to have the appropriate hardware to detect the type of connected device and switch functions of usb port pins from usb to analog audio . it is highly unlikely that the phone will have such hardware if it also has a standard 3.5 or 2.5 mm audio connector . even older htc phones using the proprietary “extusb” connector compatible with mini-usb did not switch pin functions when a headset is connected — they used separate pins for audio . the only way to connect this headphone to your new phone is to build an adapter with a 3.5 mm plug and a micro-usb type b receptacle connector , so that the headphone will be connected to the audio circuit through the 3.5 mm audio connector on the phone .
go install dolphin , head to their labs and install flash . its what i use on my nexus 7 .
try flashfox for flash support : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.browser.flashfox
firefox - it has goot support of web technologies , but it has big memory consumption . standard android browser ( it not available on nexuses with android 4.1 and higher ) . opera mobile ( not opera mini ) - it has " specific " support of some web technologies , but normal resources consumption .
by default NextBook tablets comes with no PlayStore application , so you will need to re-download ( re-install ) the PlayStore manually check this link , it may help you http://www.makeuseof.com/answers/how-can-i-download-google-play-to-my-nextbook-tablet/
i found the apk ( the installer binary file ) by searching on google . here is a link to the file which if you access on your phone , will install the latest version of the google play store . https://mega.co.nz/#!hj8ynbki!aygtlxznco4bvdssnyak7doj6pphe5apnavcaktpmak ps : i cannot claim that this file is actually what it says it is , just a suggestion that looks legit .
i fixed it : i ended up using smartflash to flash stock rom . got the firmware from xda . links : smartflash tools and drivers : http://android.modaco.com/content/lg-optimus-2x-2x-modaco-com/335494/13-apr-smartflash-stock-baseband-release-1035-21-20110405/ firmware : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1035041 steps : download firmware for your location download smartflash tools and drivers connect phone to computer on the s/w upgrade screen - description below let windows install the drivers open smartflash go to " rom copy d/l select cp bin and ap bin files - description below make sure " normal mode " is selected make sure " erase cal data " is unchecked make sure channels and such are matching your phone - you will recognize it select start and wait till it is completed and your phone will be up and running again with stock rom ! cp bin = * . fls file in firmware archive ap bin = * . bin file in firmware archive get into s/w upgrade screen by pulling your battery out , holding the volume down button and plugging your pc cable in . hold the volume down until the s/w upgrade screen appears
there is a zip file that is posted in this video description that you can flash via clockworkmod or your favorite custom recovery that will revert your device completely to stock ( including removing the recovery image and such ) . the video goes through the process step-by-step , for your convenience , but it is basically flashing that file via cwm , and then being happy : ) it also goes through how to unroot , if needed !
i believe this xda forum post will give you a good head start . note : this is written for the sapphire . compiling and flashing a kernel for the n1 . another guide from xda forums . compiling systems apps .
you have to find a dedicated app on the market . each account a linked to sync source , and there are not linked in the contact database . so if you find any application capable of taking all you outlook contact and add it to gmail contact in your phone it will work . another solution could be to make a csv dump of your android contact and import them in the gmail web interface
there are many ways to sync your exchange contacts to gmail . the easiest way is to do this on your computer . this involves exporting your contacts from outlook into a csv file , and then importing that file on https://mail.google.com site . export your outlook contacts to a csv ( comma separated value ) file . steps to do this vary for different outlook versions , so search your outlook 's help for exact instructions pertaining to your particular version ( e . g . outlook 2010 instructions are here . ) in your browser open gmail , and navigate to " contacts " section ( click on the " gmail " to reveal the drop-down . ) on the main contacts screen click on More button and select the Import... option . click the " browse " button in the " choose file to upload " window , and navigate to the folder where you saved the csv file from step 1 . click the " open " button , then select the " import contacts " , and the contents of the csv file should import to your gmail account . either wait a bit , or manually force a sync via Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync screen on your phone .
i have a htc desire that is using 2.2 ( though when i got the phone , it was already running 2.2 ) i have found the gps to be pretty good in general - there are times when it is a bit patchy ( loses gps signal even though the surroundings are the " same" ) and slow to pin-point my location . what i have found helps is to turn on 3g data while using gps - this seems to greatly assist the accuracy and speed when finding your location . also , a reboot of the phone ( or if you feel lazy/in a hurry - turn airplane mode on/off ) might help kick some sense into the phone .
try using gps status , go to option , capteur , manage a-gps state , choose first reset , then redo and choose download . and do it outside for the first time , it is important . also , check your apn settings in wireless and network > mobile network > apn name . check that the apn selected have " supl " in apn type ( in the bottom of the list ) , for example " default , supl " .
which version are you updating from ? since android 2.1 ( or 1.5 ? ) , most applications will not be able to turn on gps automatically , for privacy reasons . you need to enable gps setting : Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use GPS satellites ; there are widgets that allows you to enable gps from the home screen as well .
i had problems with gps with my new htc desire ( froyo out of the box ) . i downloaded the " gps status " and " gps test " apps which showed only two satellites but were not locking them . even google maps did not get a gps lock . i went outside of my room and tried but no luck . i switched off the cell , removed the battery , sd card and sim and then put them back and restarted but still no luck . then i installed gps essentials from the android market . i launched the application and changed the following settings : gps update interval -> 10 seconds tracking update interval -> 10 seconds after this i tapped on " satellites " on the main screen while standing outside . it detected 8 satellites in a few seconds and it was able to lock to 7 of them . after that everything started working including " gps status " , " gps test " and google maps ( even inside my room ) .
i had this gps fail happen and when i first used gps status app it rebooted the phone . i had travelled to adelaide from perth and back and then used the app skydroid ( golf ) for the first time since froyo ' upgrade ' to discover it was not working . using google earth in perth had my location still in adelaide . whilst in adeliade i has some trouble getting it to correctly set the locataion time which was set to automatic use network provided value . i unchecked this and set the location time to perth and restarted the phone and everything worked with full gps accuracy . my theory is that the froyo ' upgrade ' some how srews the timebase registry setting that the gps uses to locate and sync with the sats . some how either by forcing the time reset or the reset caused by gps status app this was reset and al works well . very shonky testing from htc/google i think .
somone just did this here . disable google contact sync in your app settings ! ! ( not the app setting . settings -> apps ( in all ) -> contacts sync -> disable this is not the same as just disabling the syncing aspect of the contacts page , it removes google from being all up in your contacts period since they blocked nexus owners of having a local contacts option . and there is another way as well . i did the first one . http://forums.androidcentral.com/general-help-how/352276-i-have-stock-android-phone-there-way-have-contact-list-not-google-affiliated-2.html#post3392252 repost it to people who ask ! google is full of it . i have never seen another phone not have a local contacts page .
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
try nova launcher . it has an option to disable persistent search bar .
download file manager hd from https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rhmsoft.fm.hd follow these instructions . answer source : http://androidforums.com/2848952-post5.html on the panel at the left tap storage . on the panel at the top right press the up arrow until the first directory entry is asec . now scroll down through the directory and you should see usb_storage . tap usb_storage and you should see your data .
in the description of playerpro in google play this was mentioned : stereo widening effect ( virtualizer ) and a quick search on wikipedia about what stereo widening is : stereo widening widening of the stereo image can be achieved by manipulating the relationship of the center signal m and the side signal s : m = ( l + r ) /2 ; s = ( l - r ) /2 . a positive part of the side signal s is now fed into the left channel and a part with its phase inverted to the right channel . some boomboxes feature such a process . another way of looking at this same effect , without extrapolating a center and side signal from the left and right signals , is to simply add the left signal , slightly attenuated and phase inverted , into the right channel and vice-versa . taking this a step further , a small delay ( 20-100ms ) can be added to the inverted signal before mixing it back in to the original for output , adding a slight reverberation to the effect .
what is really the purpose of the virtualizer ? i am unable to understand why you have asked this . virtualizers make music cool . using it , users can tweak music listening experience . it enables you to experience live concert in a car , for example . the difference from 1% to 100% is also noticeable but it is not even close to the difference when the virtualizer is disabled compared to when it is enabled . its because your speakers are not that powerful . just connect your device to a high-end speaker and feel the changes . how does the virtualizer work ? how does this sound effect simulate a live show music ( atleast that is what it feels like to me ) ? demystify yourself when you are at a live concert . your ear drums interface the air with special vibrations ( sound waves ) which gives you that feeling . at home , air hitting your ear drum does not have that specialty of live show . what virtualizer does is that it vibrates the air ( hitting ear drum ) in special way . in short , virtualizers just alter the sound in a special way . how these algorithms work in background is out of scope of this site . to understand them , you need a strong background in computer science and acoustics ( physics dealing with mechanical waves ) . its thing of research . i can bet that even developers of playerpro have not invested time and money to develop it . they have just used openly available libraries developed by research organizations , universities etc .
try uninstalling and re-installing it . clear the app data . might be a bug with the custom rom ( ignore if on stock ) . as for why it is happening , could be a faulty installation imo , but if the package was faulty , it would not get installed in the first place . anyhow , just try the above steps .
short answer your device uses a screen resolution of 320 x 480 pixels , while the application you are trying to run needs a minimum of 800 x 480 pixeis . while you are using an application to manipulate the screen density , this can not overcome the physical limitation of your device 's screen , that the application checks for before running . in short , you can not run the application on that device . elaborating the answer your device your device , the samsung i5700 galaxy spica uses 320 x 480 pixels of screen resolution . pokerstars mobile game the application you have mentioned in the question comments , under the faq section says : does pokerstars mobile poker work on all android devices ? no . pokerstars mobile poker is designed only for mobile devices running android™ 2.2 and above , with a minimum screen resolution of 800x480 . compatible devices include ( but are not limited to ) : samsung galaxy galaxy nexus motorola droid razr htc sensation htc desire sony ericsson xperia x10 sony ericsson xperia x13 acer liquid a1 what is screen resolution ? quoted from android developers - terms and concepts the total number of physical pixels on a screen . when adding support for multiple screens , applications do not work directly with resolution ; applications should be concerned only with screen size and density , as specified by the generalized size and density groups . screen size actual physical size , measured as the screen 's diagonal . for simplicity , android groups all actual screen sizes into four generalized sizes : small , normal , large , and extra large . screen density the quantity of pixels within a physical area of the screen ; usually referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . for example , a " low " density screen has fewer pixels within a given physical area , compared to a " normal " or " high " density screen . for simplicity , android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low , medium , high , and extra high .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
use clean master app . it worked for me . run this app at least twice a day to keep the memory clean .
i had the exact same problem . had the phone into the samsung service location a number of times , where they performed a full software recovery twice and then replaced the mainboard , but the problem persisted . i realised that the memory logs , which were filling up the logs file , seem to be connected to a network issue and decided to try and obtain a new sim to see if this helped . i got the new sim yesterday and everything that seemed to kick in the log files and fill up the system memory seems to be ok . previously , it might be ok once i had cleared the logfiles ( *#9900# , delete log files ) for a few hours , but then all of a sudden the log files would start again . within a few hours , my phone ( galaxy note ) would start becoming unresponsive , and i would get the storage space running out message and my system memory would be down to 100mb rather than 1.4g . after weeks and weeks of the same problem i am reticent to say that things are completely resolved . putting the new sim in seems to have solved the problem for me .
i have been through this storage problem . this is the solution to your problem only if you have " root " access . this problem occurs due to old application data of apps which have not been uninstalled properly . download " sd maid " from the play store . you can search for application data which exists on your device in spite of being uninstalled . clear the corpses and retry installing the app you want to install and it should work .
may be you should check this link , hope this will solve your problem . excerpt : root your phone . download the root browser app fro here reboot open the newly installed root browser app , a pop up will come stating if you want to give the app root permission . grant it . navigate to /data/ and delete the folder log see the magic : )
as you mention go launcher ex as your target launcher , you are lucky : there is a complete description on how to migrate your screens , which you can find at addictivetips . basically , this involves an app called desk migrate , which claims to copy home screens from one launcher to another launcher . according to the linked article , it seems do do a nice job . just one thing to keep in mind : desk migrate has been developed to work only with go launcher ex and supports copying from only a handful of launchers . ok , another lucky point for you : looks like adw . launcher was one of the 7 launchers the addictives successfully tested to migrate from -- lucky you !
note : i am on samsung galaxy s2 , android 4.0.3 elixir for android has an " sd mount toggle " feature . it could unmount a removable card ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) , but not ( /mnt/sdcard ) . i could not get it to mount by clicking the toggle again , but a restart [ toggle also available ] will mount the removable card . this is probably a bug with elixir ; and i will try to contact the developer .
there may be apps in the background that run which drains the battery life . to be certain of which app : go to settings > battery > battery graph the battery graph will give detailed analysis which app used how much battery . if there is any app that you do not recall using a lot but is one of the top battery consumers i would recommend you to uninstall/disable the said app .
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
you had have to use a custom rom to do this , because the layout direction is a fixed part of the locale information , not a user-visible setting . even if you could , you had find that most apps would not change . it takes development and testing time to make android layouts bidirectional , and the support was not added to android until jelly bean , so apps tend to only use it if they actually do support rtl languages . even on apps which do support it , you had probably find strange behaviour because english is not supposed to be laid out right-to-left . for example , text labels that are too long might have the " . . . " at the start instead of the end , or vice-versa . so in summary , it is a lot of effort to end up with a broken configuration .
given that you and your friend both have the same tablet , this should be possible . your friend will need to be rooted as well . probably the easiest thing would be for him to perform a nandroid backup which you then transfer to your tablet and restore . if this works , your tablet will be in the same state as his at the time he flashed , so you will need to delete his account , establish yours , etc . disclaimer : as with all things flashing , i can not guarantee that this will not make your situation worse . but it sounds like you are already in a bad way .
as noted in the comment , " battery drain " and " overheating " are not necessarily connected : not everything that drains your battery causes overheating . overheating is most likely caused by excessive cpu hogging ( which of course also leads to battery drain ) . you might want to take a look at the app drainguard , which keeps a log of battery consumption , always informs you how much was consumed since you turned the screen off last time , and -- here it comes -- it can start an alarm when some app causes excessive battery drain . values are configurable : the free version only works from 100% charge down to 70% , which is fine for testing . once you decided the app serves your purpose , the drainguard pro key is available on the playstore for less than an euro .
answering my own question , this seems to just be my misunderstanding of how google now works . i was typing the search and expecting a voice response . but apparently it only responds with a voice if you ask with a voice . if i use voice search , then a voice does indeed reply . leaving this question/answer here in case anyone else has the same misunderstanding .
yes there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.into.stability but if you do not have root , then it is a bit limited in features .
is your settings > language and input > voice command for apps ' on ' ? sometimes it picks up something in the background and answers the calls . if turning off that does not work , try to do a factory reset on the phone . unfortunately , if even that does not work , you will have to get it inspected at a service center .
on my t-mobile sgh-t999 galaxy s3 ( android 4.1.1 ) , there is a " s voice " icon under apps . if you start the app and skip the setup questions , you will be prompted " what would you like to do ? " . at this point press the menu button and choose settings > control apps , turn off " control apps : use voice commands to control device " . hope that helps !
try inserting a 3.5 headphones with mic and call your cell . if it will answer automatically it is a software problem , try to remember what things have you changed/installed before that was happend . if it fix the problem , take out the headphones and try calling your cell . sometimes the aux 3.5 jack is not recognizing when a device is plugged-out ( mostly because of a damaged headphones/headphone 's jack ) , this could be the problem .
because you still have a working cwm , you can just reflash it . there are 2 competing implementations : supersu from chainfire superuser from chainsdd most rooting utilities install the latter , so you are safe to also flash this .
have you tried recovering your google password ? https://www.google.com/accounts/recovery note : this may be worthless if you never set up a secondary email account to recover your google account . because there is no other way to recover a google password .
try logging into your google account on your computer and changing the password to something very simple like "123456" . then try it on your phone again . i had a problem once logging into my nook account on my droid so i logged into the website and changed my password from the standard complex string of random numbers and characters to a plain string , and it let me in .
first of all make sure you have turned your gps ( if available ) and data connection turned on . this helps the device to get your precise location easily . when using the app , make sure that you do not touch your devices screen by mistake . this often happens even without you knowing it and causes the map to tilt , losing the automatic center alignment of your current position . now open the app and press . then the map will center to your current location . then tap the location icon again . now the location icon should move with you . tap the location icon again and then it will look like . now you should get a more driver friendly view with your location icon moving smoothly . happy driving !
yes . this is possible use 1-vpn app which lets you do this . but , it is not compatible with android 4.0+ , and you have to pay for it ( only a $0.90 ) . if the payment is worth the burden you go through every time you connect , that is your best option . alternatively you can use 5-vpn which is free and requires you to go through 5 taps to connect . your last alternative is vpn show which is only capable of taking you to your vpn settings screen .
use " vpn menu " . it is free and better .
op solved the problem : it was the power cord on the converter causing the problem . i do not know why but when i unplugged it the sound came through prefect .
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
i usually charge mine from the usb port of my tv decoder ( that is always powered on ) so i think there will be no problems .
if the usb port supports usb sticks then it has power to recharge a smartphone . the only question is how much power it has . the usb protocol includes what i would call a " power handshake " . host ( radio ) and client ( smartphone ) communicate with each other and the host specifies how many milliampere the client is allowed to use . if the radio has usb high-power support you will get up to 500ma , without only up to 100ma . btw : a plain usb power adapter usually supports up to 1000ma . i assume a simple car 12v-to-usb-adapter would also support that much power . therefore even if charging via radio works , charging will take significantly longer . how many milliamperes are used for loading can be seen on a large number of phones by the battery monitor widget or similar apps .
instead of widget use apps like data switch . unlike widget this app does not consume resource when idle . there are tons of other apps/widget if you do not like this one or this one does not work for you . for eg : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.aispl.mdsswitch https://market.android.com/details?id=ru.chernish2 https://market.android.com/details?id=com.m039.tools https://market.android.com/details?id=com.myreallife.mobiledata https://market.android.com/details?id=com.datalinkswitch
i use the power control widget . allows you to toggle data , wifi and various other settings from your home screen .
as i mentioned my phone was connected to the laptop . that was causing the problem . on my laptop mobilego ( pc suit for android ) services were running . when mobilego detected the device it tried to connect with it . which was actually interrupting the installation process . from my task manager i stopped the mobilgo services and the installation went through .
i have three suggestions : if it is a microsd card , you could plug it into an external reader . try adb ( advanced ) . if it shows up using the devices command , try pushing and pulling on the sd card . install file expert . when the app loads , the third tab has " share my files " ( or something like that ) try these options via bluetooth or wifi . file expert also has a seperate app , web pc suite , which can do the job you want .
yes . no , i do not have a source . :p
at a minimum , this would require both software on the phone and on the pc . the 2 pieces of software would have to communicate with each other . nothing like this , that i know of currently , exists . and for the pc to think that the device is truly a keyboard , it would require a new driver that would tell the pc that the device is a keyboard , and how " to use it as a keyboard " . i am not saying that it is not possible , because just about anything is possible when it comes to things like this . what i am saying though , is that nothing like this exists , currently . usb is both hardware and software , if it was software alone , then the same usb driver would work for all android devices on windows , and this is not the case . usb mass-storage and mtp are handled by the drivers on the pc , not the device . what devices support both mtp and usb mass-storage and at the same time ? i have found articles stating that devices can support ums and mtp , but only support ums if there is an external sdcard . you cannot mount the external sdcard with mtp and with ums . mtp is for the internal storage . and i have not read anything that can confirm or deny that you can use both at the same time . you do not have to install drivers for keyboards , if they follow the " default " spec because windows already has the drivers for it . there are keyboards that come with their own drivers . as i said , it would be possible . i am not sure about how it would be done . it would , almost certainly , require a custom kernel at the very least for it to act like a keyboard and no additional drivers to be needed on the pc side . additionally , i agree with @davidbb that it is possible and i have already said that it is . the problem with a question asking if something is possible , does not ever solve the problem . it would be like me saying " is it possible for me to run ios applications natively on windows ? " . this is theoretically possible , but there is nothing that does this now and there is not something that a " normal user " ( or even an advanced user ) can do to make this happen . this site is geared for users , so saying you just need to write a modified kernel is not an answer that is going to benefit anyone . so the real answer to the question is no , because there is not a modified kernel out there .
this does not exactly answer your question , but it might help in your use case . maybe you want to have a look at inputstick . it'll be a usb thumb drive that you pair to android via bluetooth . plugged into a computer it emulates a generic usb hid to send keyboard strokes . an advanced java api will also allow to specify i.e. device descriptors to emulate non-standard functions . it could provide a nice example that it is defined in software rather than hardware . for reference , the developer also is working on example programs , such as a demo password manager .
inputstick is a wireless usb receiver , designed for android devices . it allows android applications to emulate many different kinds of devices , for example : usb keyboard , usb mouse , usb gamepad and many more . with inputstick , android apps can do anything that a physical device can : type , move mouse pointer , control multimedia and games . information can be found at http://inputstick.com/
yes . this is definitely possible , requiring no modifications or drivers on the pc . as the op mentions , the usb identification on the phone end is ultimately done in software ( in this file https://github.com/android/kernel_msm/blob/android-msm-2.6.35/drivers/usb/gadget/composite.c ) , and it could be modified to identify itself as a standard usb keyboard . this change would require a couple of things . a modified kernel with a patched usb driver an android app that could talk to some interface exposed by the modified usb driver . there was a paper published a couple of years ago ( titled exploiting smart-phone usb connectivity for fun and profit ) that described using a phone to brute-force desktop login screens . the method they used involved making the phone appear as a usb keyboard .
have you tried unified remote . this is a great tool to use phone as keyboard and mouse . it does not use usb but wifi instead . there is an app on phone and computer that work together . works great for me . also if you get full version you get integration with many common applications .
the official announcement on the cm forums states : the issue was in the ril code , which is just typical code and libraries packaged in the rom ( e . g . /system/lib/libril.so , for example ) . the cm team recommended installing a samsung rom noting that any samsung rom is fine and any aosp rom would have issues . there is no permanent damage since the ril code was replaced when you reflashed . they specifically cited the issue was related to closed-source ril code , so this would not happen with a stock rom unless samsung severely borked their ril code . only 911 was listed as a problem , but i do not know ( and neither have the cm team ever stated ) if other emergency numbers were affected . official support for the vibrant did not occur until 7.1 , which was gingerbread . it is really hard to say if older versions were affected , but i would assume yes ( if they exist somewhere still ) . the announcement states that the issue was fixed and the vibrant is officially supported at this point .
settings / data usage / menu button / restrict background data ( click image to enlarge )
if you use google calendar , you can export the calendar from lightning as an . ics file import that . ics file into google calendar
i am not quite sure how to turn the feature off but when i had my droid eris , it would do the same thing . i found that if i simply hit one of the volume buttons on the side , the screen would come back on without having to end the call .
from your description , it sounds like there may be an issue with your proximity sensor . the proximity sensor should turn off the screen instantly when you put the phone to your face during a call . the way you described the screen turning off after x amount of time sounds like it is just normally timing out . you can use an app called androsensor to test the functionality of your proximity sensor . this would also explain having to turn the screen back on manually instead of it happening automatically . also , you may want to look closely at the sensor , there may be dust on it preventing it from working properly . as others have noted , the vibrant should have an option for disabling the sensor . is this option already checked ? that may have something to do with it .
keep screen on during calls that setting is not available on all phones , but if it was it would be under : home > settings > call settings > [ display > ] . . . but as for the difficulty turning the screen on be sure that the power button does not end calls ( settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked ) then just pull the phone away and press the power button to turn the screen on .
i had been having exact same problem for a few months on my lg-p500 , but have just fixed it . i found that the proximity sensor had gotten covered with dust as the screen cover had slightly lifted in the area of the proximity sensor . once i cleaned it off it worked fine again .
to keep the screen and disable the proximity sensor launch another program while on a phone call . the screen will remain on while the phone is against your ear .
are you sure that the screen goes off after x seconds ? android phones with proximity sensors usually turn off the screen when they are put on an ear . the phone should automatically turn on the screen if you uncover the light/proximity sensor ( e . g . by removing it from your ear ) . the galaxy s does this and i suppose that the vibrant does so too , because they are basically the same phone models . other android phones behave similar . i am not sure if it is possible to disable this feature . even if so , you would encounter another problem : accidental pushing buttons on the touchscreen with parts of your face , which could lead to hang-ups .
if you enable the touchpad while the call is coming in , the screen will stay on even when the phone is pressed against your face . for instance , if you answer a google voice call and have to push "1" to pick up the call . of course , this will result in you repeatedly pressing the buttons with your face , causing gv to say " this call is being recorded " and possibly hang up , but hey , you asked for it .
i found a couple of settings in cyanogenmod which could be useful . i am not sure if they are available in vanilla android . also , the proximity sensor application in htc is pretty good . but i am not sure about vibrant .
you can disable the proximity sensor or simply go to call setting and you will find an option that reads keep screen awake .
the best way that i find is to cover the screen for a few seconds and then release . this is the same mimic as if you are calling into voicemail or a feature for which you are required to press a key . this is the best means that i have found to keep all features enabled . btw : i find it odd that you have the power button set to hang up . i believe this is a feature you setup in order to advert another issue . maybe solving the hang up feature problems will assist with this one as well ?
02-09-2013 - when the screen goes dark ( by factory default ) while on a call can be very frustrating . i just purchased a new samsung galaxy proclaim , an android phone , and this solved the problem . go to settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked then when the screen goes dark while you are on a call and you need for it to come back on for pressing prompt numbers , account numbers , or whatever . . . . just press the power button to turn the screen on . since you have unchecked the end call by pressing the power button . . . the screen will now come back on and will not end the call . hope this helps .
try a powered usb hub . my ( win7 ) work laptop refuses to connect to my samsung s2 except through the powered usb hub in the monitor .
try to edit adb_usb . ini and add your device id you can find it by going to the device manager find the " android adb interface " double click on it go to the details tab , and on the " property " drop down menu select " hardware ids " on the box below it labeled " values " you should see something like " usb\vid_2207 and pid_0010 and mi_01" the numbers maybe different based on your device vendor id , for example my vendor id is "2207" no open the adb_usb . ini located on the folders below and add your device id in hex format for example my device id is "2207" i will put it there as "0x2207" it is usually located in xp : \documents and settings\ . android\ windows 7: \users\ . android\ windows 8: i really dont know . but if the folder doesnt exist try to create it by using cmd . and if the file adb_usb . ini also doesnt exist you can create it using notepad and only pasting only your device id and save it on the . android folder .
try this : find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to restart adb via the command line : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now adb should show you your device adb devices 
i know it is a late answer -- but it does not need any " special app " to be written : as to your apps installation : put all the .apk files into a directory ( you can catch them e.g. using appmonster free backup restore ) . add the basic stuff from the android sdk ( you do not need the entire sdk package , just a few files which you can find e.g. in the androidforums adb guide , for mac , linux and windows ) . write a tiny shell/batch script to adb install *.apk . the factory reset can be accomplished in a similar way : adb shell "recovery --wipe_data"  so put that as the first line of your script optionally prepend it with an adb wait-for-device . as the wipe is followed by a reboot , better make it look like this : zip it all up and send it to the user . instructions to the user : unpack the zip to an empty folder ( closer descriptions depending on the os used ) connect your device with an usb cable ( maybe add instructions on how to see whether the connection was established successfully . on windows , added trouble might be special drivers needed ) start the shell script/batch file taking a look at the adb options might give you further ideas ; )
possible solutions , in descending order of idealism and difficulty : create a custom rom , with the apps you want on it , which you can flash onto these devices . this question is a good starting place for that . write your own app , which automatically installs the other apps . the first answer to this thread provides the code to install apps programmatically . the easiest solution , if it suits your needs , would to be to use one of many " installer " apps . if you can drop the apps on the tablets after installing your stock rom ( ideally on an sd card ) , you could then install an " installer " app . then either run it yourself , or instruct your users to run it and install the listed apps . in any of these solutions , you will have to write the desktop computer application which has the few-button interface for users , which does the flashing and installing . whether you do a custom rom or a stock one , you will have to automate its install . this thread has some help on automating rom installation .
yes , you can install new fonts , but it requires root on most devices . to install a font , you just simply need to copy the font file ( . ttf format only ) into /system/fonts . there are also numerous apps available on the play store to do this automatically for you , such as the plainly named font installer . other apps also include functionality to find new fonts . with the right app , it is also possible to install fonts without root on the samsung galaxy s3 , s4 , note , and note 2 .
are they installing new fonts every day ? i do not think anyone can say for sure on that fact . are font sometimes updated when the software is updated ? i would say yes .
i would not count on icloud once on on android . reason : you need to rely on third party apps such as solcalendar to sync the icloud calendar with your android phone . why not simply export all calendar data from icloud to google and sync the android . this will cut the cord with icloud ?
you can download the file as a pdf and then transfer that file to the phone using something like awesome drop . then view it on the phone with a pdf reader .
there are some apps who have this feature , like switch off , reboot and etc . one of them is notification toggler , this app isnt particularly for switch off and reboot stuff , but you can do that also . : ) edit:: i think you have to root your device to use reboot and shutdown , you can not do it without root unless applications are signed with the system firmware key . and playstore applications are not that kind of applications that are signed with that . edit 2: to root your device , check out these links , link 1 link 2 link 3
an alternate way to switch off your mobile phone completely , would be to toss it in the ocean and do not look back . just joking ! actually turning the phone off or restarting it is done through the os itself , just like every os of today . so one way of doing this would be to access the terminal ( only if your phone is rooted ) and issue the linux shutdown command since android is based on linux .
there are two types of protection offered by the android market . the original copy protection is now deprecated and is apparently fairly easily circumvented . google now recommends that developers implement its licensing service , which requires a bit of effort on the part of the developer . it requires internet connectivity and checks whether the google account being used on the device has legitimately purchased the app . how often the app goes online to check the licence is up to the developer .
xprivacy is not a stand-alone application . it is a module of the xposed framework , and thus utilizes the latter to achieve its goals . so if the xprivacy dev " reports in " , he might just say : " waiting for the xposed team to show up " . . . oh , if you do not wanna wait : head straight to the xposed thread at xda for all the details . the intro over there states : i extended the /system/bin/app_process executable to load a jar file on startup . the classes of this file will sit in every process ( including the one for system services ) and can act with their powers . and even more : i have implemented something that allows developers to replace any method in any class ( may it be in the framework , systemui or a custom app ) . this makes xposed very powerful . you can change parameters for the method call , modify the return value or skip the call to the method completely - it is all up to you ! also replacing or adding resources is easy . so in short and simplified words : xposed replaces some system resources to " expose " the system api , so other apps ( acting as xposed modules ) can use it . amongst those other apps is – tam-tam-tam-tam-tam – xprivacy .
though it is not the identical situation , the solution which worked out for i am seeing duplicated images and videos on gallery might apply here as well : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps select the " all apps " tab find the gallery app , open its entry , tap " clear cache " do the same for the media storage app have the media scanner running again . this can be triggered by either a reboot of the device ( ugh ! ) unmounting/mounting the external sdcard if any ( hm . . . ) attach the device to your pc via usb , optionally copy some file to it , detach it again ( ok . . . ) for repeated use , take a look at apps like e.g. rescan media , scan media , or sdrescan ( yeah ! ) check if the duplicates are gone . if not , repeat everything , but this time additionally select to " delete data "
root your note 2 install titanium backup either uninstal or freeze knox . apk and all associated processes through titanium backup . as awlays , make a complete backup before any changes .
as a telecom engineer student , i know that one of the main limitation for power is the eirp ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equivalent_isotropically_radiated_power ) . overpassing the eirp is one of the must known way to increase wifi router power ( by adding a better antenna , which leads to an increase in gain , and in power rx/tx ) . this power is perhaps fixed by the software in android handsets , and you could use this parameter to leverage the emission power . but , as far as i know it is illegal ( at least in france ) .
updating your radio may help ( if there is update for your phone ) . after some search its seems there is .
not really to do with actually altering your reception per-se , but you can update your prl ( preferred roaming list ) of your phone for newer cell towers which might give you better reception . on verizon , dial *228 and follow the prompts .
check out his blog post on it . launcherpro shortcuts are a new way of creating , adding , and sharing custom shortcuts for launcherpro . shortcuts are created and shared as lps files . lps files are self-contained shortcut files that have all the info needed to make a shortcut , including the label , icon , and android intent ( more on intents in a bit ) . they are written in a new format that i created for this purpose , which is based in xml . don’t worry , i created a web-based tool for creating these files so it’s as easy as filling out a form and downloading the resulting . lps file . a shortcut always needs an android intent to be “executed” when the shortcut is clicked . intents are the standard way of launching activities/apps and sending information and commands to apps in android . if you want to create your own launcherpro shortcuts , please read this page for a detailed explanation of how intents work and how to make your own . lps files need to be stored in your sd card , either in the root of the card , or inside the folders “download” , “downloads” or “lpshortcuts” . to add an lp shortcut to a homescreen , long-press on a blank spot , choose “shortcuts” and then “launcherpro shortcuts” . if you have any lps files in the previously mentioned folders in your sd card , they should show up on the list . you can click on “create new” to go to the web-based launcherpro shortcut creator tool . you can also access the launcherpro shortcut creator tool from your computer , and then put the generated lps file in your sd card . he also links to a lengthy forum thread where people are posting some of their shortcuts . i can not seem to find any other resources of shortcuts .
or you could : long press the shortcut icon you want to change . it brings up the " edit dock shortcuts " list . then choose " change shortcut " . after that select " applications " ( the icon with the android in the lower right corner ) from the list . a menu with all your installed apps comes up , and you just have to click on the shortcut you want . in the end you will be asked if you would like to chamge the shortcut icon , between the default , launcher pro or custom icon .
root is needed so if you have that turn on your wi-fi and write su iplink set eth0 address XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX  and it is done . ( "iplink " without space between )
check http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1525230 you actually need to change some stuff in the bcm4239 driver to allow it to read the mac address from somewhere else . the above kernel reads the file /data/local/mac . dat .
this seems like your terminal does not have root access . is your phone rooted ? and did you type su to get to the root user first ? on my phone you can tell if you are using root privileges by checking the prompt , $ = no root , # = root .
you can create a profile and switch it by long pressing the power button . at least on cyanogen , there is a menu item change profile . on stock sense rom it is likely there , too .
you can try tasker or locale . they can be configured to do this automatically .
the setting profiles should be able to do something like that . you can set up a profile that turns off all notifications for when you get ready for bed . then , add a rule that overrides the profile - turning notifications back on only for incoming calls : create a new rule add incoming call condition - this can be set to a specific contact group of just to &lt ; > depending on your preferences add activate profile action to activate a different profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . the lite version is limited to one rule at a time . you might be able to try it out with the lite version and then get the full if it works out for you . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
i asked this question to a friend and he suggested the audiomanager widget . it allows you to control volumes for alarm , media , alerts , ringer , system , and voice calls independently . it also allows you to toggle vibrate for alerts and ringer independently . so far , it seems to be a solid app .
i see what you are saying . . . one way around it , is to look in the logcat and keep an eye out for something like the following , in this case , i downloaded an app called rendezvous , this is what appears in the logcat notice the last line , " new package installed . . . . " if there is any other way , i would gladly amend this : )
it is also worth mentioning that you can install other launchers such as adw launcher which allows for themes which will completely change the look of the homescreen and icons on it . for instance , this antique cm theme is a theme for adw launcher , as is this red adw theme which as you can see looks very different . you can also download replacement contacts apps as well , so you can hide almost all of touchwiz , whilst still keeping the stock rom and with it , the s-pen apps . i have only recently installed replacement launchers because i was beginning to get frustrated with touchwiz and things like it is lack of rotation . makes me wonder why samsung bother with their own inferior launcher in the first place .
one amazing and very much compatible app is memo beta , free and open source s-pen drawing app : memo is a note taking app designed specifically for galaxy note . roms supported : cm9 ( cyanogenmod 9 ) aokp ( android open kang project ) aosp ( android open source project ) paranoid android some features licensed gplv3 open source s-pen combatible ( including side button and pressure sensitivity ) inport and resize/move images from the camera , gallery , webpage or map two finger zoom and pan for inputting those finer details add typed text to notes share notes using mms , e-mail , facebook , twitter , instagram and more left handed mode useful links . github page google play page xda developers forum thread
my favourite note taking app so far is papyrus you can have infinite length note surface and use two fingers to move around the note and a single finger as an eraser . all drawings are vectors . the quick note taking app that pops up double clicking the pen is really shitty and the editing with polaris office too basic . i still have to do a lot of playing and investigating .
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
i assume this was just a bug ; this option re-appeared in the " advanced " wi-fi settings after one of the ota updates .
based on this review of the wi-fi capabilities of the htc one x from anandtech it would appear that the option is there . look two-thirds of the way down on the site and see this image :
clear the cache on your file manager , the browser you used to download the movies , and for the application involved used to play the movies . for each of those applications select the application and clear its cache : settings > applications > manage applications > all ( at the top ) > {application} > clear cache
in dropbox , simply add mp3s to favorites and they become available in a stock google play music application ( tested in android ics )
download the app called rescan media from the market , run it then go back to your music player . the music that you downloaded from dropbox should now show up . there are other ways to force this media sync ( unmount / remount sd should do it ) but this app makes it just the press of a button .
if you export the tunes to the sd card rather than the music app then they will show straight up in the music player . just a little annoying that you have got to do them one at a time rather than as a group . dropbox > more > export > save to sd card > select music folder
some of the more advanced music players have the ability to rescan media from the phone . in playerpro you can do menu-> settings-> music library-> refresh mediastore this should then show up any music added since the last scan .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
i guess the music application you are using ( probably apollo in your case ) is responsible for this . you might want to try a different one . i just dug into apollos source code and think i have found where it sets the album artwork . check out line 1377 on github .  mRemoteControlClient.putBitmap(RemoteControlClient.MetadataEditor.BITMAP_KEY_ARTWORK, albumArt);  the way i see it , the call to remotecontrolclient is responsible for setting the album art and other things . so , the media player is responsible for your problem and unlike you find one that does not provide the album art to the RemoteControlClient you probably can not do much about it .
after uninstalling nearly all the apps downloaded from play store ( except a few like twitter , facebook etc . ) , i still had the issue . i , then , tried to uninstall google chrome which seems to be not allowed to do in normal ways ( i guess it is one of the default apps of the phone ) . lastly , i found out that there is an update for the chrome on the play store . i updated the app and surprisingly see that the problem is solved . have no idea what happened there and still suspicious about the problem but , seems like i succeed . p.s. i will be grateful if someone explains what happened to my phone , technically . ( does updating chrome change things for the default web browser ? because , i was having the same issue both in chrome and default browser )
a rom for the htc one will not work on the htc one x+ . despite the name similarity , they are completely different phones , with different hardware inside . ( the htc one x+ has a tegra 3 soc , while the htc one has a snapdragon . ) if you want to install a " stock android " rom on this phone , you will have to find one first , and as there is not a google play edition for the one x+ , this is very unlikely to exist . you might be best with a custom rom that does not have many customizations . generally , custom roms do not update over the air : you need to reflash whenever you want to upgrade to the latest version .
i think this will work though i am not sure if this is a virus . . .
an alternative would be to use adb push resp . adb pull to initiate a file transfer between computer and android device . for this , you do not even need the entire android sdk on your computer , a few files suffice ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . on a linux system , you could even mount the android device using adbfs ( see here ) , and thus access it like a " normal drive " from command line ( e . g . via cp/mv ) as well as from graphical interfaces .
you do not necessarily need dlna for that , nor hdmi . wifi and the right app might do as well . take a look at e.g. remote gallery 3d , you cannot only have a slide show on your pc , but even manage your photos remotely . the app runs a web server on your device , which then can be accessed via any web browser ( i.e. . completely os independent ) . only requirement is flash capability . for a presentation , also have a look at youtube . this way you can even take your photo gallery with you when visiting friends or family : no installation on the pc required . so as long as wifi is available , you are fine . the app is free , so it comes without investing any extra money , as requested ; ) alternatively , you could setup a dlna server on your android device ( bubbleupnp would be a good choice for that ) . nex , you would need a client to access it from your mac ( take a look at this wikipedia list to pick one ) . start the server on your android device , then start the client on the mac . the client should automatically find and list your android device , and let you browse your media . what features are offered ( just pick single entries , make a slideshow , have background music played along ) depends on the client chosen . a third variant would be investigating in airplay . as that is apple 's own stuff , your mac should surely support it . there are a bunch or apps supporting airplay you could chose from ; not having a mac , i cannot be of assistance in this area . fazit by iliv : bubbleupnp is a very nice software . i am having a lot of fun trying out various combinations . one thing i learned this morning is that i can use vlc to browse and play all content on my phone : video , music and pictures . video playback intermittently stucks for a split second , very rarely , but it does . that is unfortunate , but i am wondering if it is a vlc or bubbleupnp issue , or maybe it is just that two do not get along well .
on the samsung galaxy range of phones , running samsung 's touchwiz enhancements to android , you can take a screenshot of the screen by holding down the back button and tapping home . this does not work in some apps that take an action immediately when you press back , but as most apps do not carry out the action until release the back button , this will work for them . see also this previous question : taking a screenshot of an android phone ?
the error seems like something regular . a google search reveals many places it is mentioned ( with a logcat ) , but almost nowhere it is commented on -- except for galaxy w constant error in logcat ( xda ) . a shame they removed the wakelock stats from *#*#4636#*#* service menu ( which would have offered you a quick way to check ) with gingerbread and up . you might want to look for some monitor app on the market ( there is e.g. systempanel which might prove helpful ) to figure out what keeps your device awake . in case this app does not provide the required information ( i already mentioned wakelocks being the most probable cause ) , there is another useful app : betterbatterystats ( also mentioned in the xda-link ) seems to bring back wake-lock stats . as a short and eased-up explanation : an app might request the cpu not going to sleep , but still not actually use the cpu , though - the android powermanager api provides an interface for this ) . so betterbatterystats should help you find the responsible app : for reference , here 's the link to the betterbatterystats thread on xda , including the app ( and its changelog ) as well as some closer explanation , especially on wake-locks .
change the file name of the 4.04 . zip to update . zip and that should do it if you are able to boot into recovery .
goto the last tab which has three horizontal lines as its icon . scroll down a little and you will see most recent
there is a pop up every time you submit a report for the privacy policy . but regardless , pretty much every google system and api is covered by the same privacy policy : http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
this behaviour of rom manager was not intended , and according to the maker of the app , it has been fixed now . the reason for this is the downloading of rom icons when browsing the roms list . somebody had posted a rom as the icon causing it to be downloded in the background . i just ended up deleting the big file with root explorer . i do not know if i should have , or whether it broke anything , but i really needed the space . the article on xda , where this was discussed
i was able to root mine with the unrevoked tool . ( sprint htc hero w/2.1 )
see here : http://rootmydroid.co.uk/guides/hero/howto-root-your-htc-hero/ like you , i got fed up with waiting for ota upgrade from orange . using villainrom 12 , which is brilliant . no regrets !
the second half of the first post in this xda thread tells you how you can root your current firmware . basically you just use z4root : download z4root from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=833953 install and run z4root , click permanent root let it run until it says it has completed ensure you see superuser in your app drawer
universalandroot - awesome tool that is extremely ! easy . i used it for my sprint htc hero all i did was download the . apk at the bottom of the post , put it on my sdcard . ran it off my sdcard via estrong file explorer and it rooted my device perfectly . after it roots , run rom manager and install the clockworkmod recovery screen . after that , find the rom you want to flash . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=747598 good luck !
you could install titanium backup and freeze the supersu app which provides root access on your device . i would not recommend uninstalling it if you do not know how to get it back .
when i did the " note to self " , i was sent an email with the attachment ( i assume this is the function , i have never used it before ! ) . the attachment is the * . amr file that you can then download , and it will save it to download/RecordedMessage#.amr . after some searching , the original file is stored in phone memory , not external , at /data/data/com.google.android.voicesearch/files/RecordedMessage#.amr note that you could not find this file because you were not rooted , i used file x-plore and did a search in the entire Root section to find them . note : if you would like to delete them : with root : navigate to the aforementioned folder and delete them with your favorite root browser or adb without root : from the home screen , press Menu , select Settings then choose Applications-&gt;Manage Applications and select Voice Search from the list . on the app info page select Clear data . this will delete all data associated with voice search , including any recorded " notes to self " , but keep in mind , it may also erase any data recorded to better results on a user-by-user basis .
this is a simple guide , howto fix the emmc bug on cyanogenmod . 1 . at first install rom toolbox . 2 . open rom toolbox and scroll down to scripter and open it . 3 . click on add and make a script named " emmc bug " 4 . put " busybox mount /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard/external_sd . " into the command field and save . 5 . press on the created script and check run on boot . 6 . reboot also you can look at this post ( useful )
this is a small bug in cyanogenmod . you can mount /emmc to /sdcard/external_sd by folowing command :  su mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /sdcard/external_sd  you need to install a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) in your mobile for excuting command . it is 100% working .
cyanogenmod , along with most 1 other custom roms , only include android code with a few google parts - all under-the-hood , of course . they do not include apps such as play store , google now , gmail , etc . these apps are available as a separate package commonly referred to as gapps 2 . so the answer is yes , you may achieve a " de-googled " experience if you opt not to flash the gapps package . 1 there are some instances that custom roms already integrate the google apps , but these are rare . 2 google apps
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
i have not tried it yet myself , but here is an xda thread featuring a program that lets you move any app on or off your sd card and set the installation default to internal , sd or auto . i believe auto is the default .
bluetooth was enabled early on in android ( 1.5 or 1.6 iirc ) so any limitation in that regards is from your specific device and not the platform itself . i have successfully used hid bluetooth devices with : samsung galaxy nexus , and htc evo 4g lte , toshiba thrive , acer iconia a200 . i was unaware that there were any devices that disallowed hid device connections actually . in general though nexus [ anything ] devices are the least limited devices on the market at any given time , so i would say you can not go wrong with one of those .
bluetooth hid support was officially added to android in honeycomb 3.1 . any device that uses either this version or ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 -> ) or jelly bean ( future devices ) supports bluetooth keyboards out of the box .
you can check the accounts and sync in the settings . this will show you what is syncing . i am going to throw out a guess that you have the official twitter client installed and have sync data enabled . i used to get the " lock up " you describe all the time . the lock up is not really just from the app that is syncing , but it is causing it . . . samsung decided when they designed the galaxy s that the file systems that existed were not good enough for them . so they decided to use a proprietary file system that was developed by samsung called rfs . this file system is slow , like , really fricken slow . it is the cause of the " galaxy s lag " . even google decided , with the nexus s , that they were not going to use rfs on the device , it uses ext4 . there are " fixes " out there to convert the rfs to ext4 , but they do require you to have root access , a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod ) and to flash a rom or a kernel . voodoo is one of the best . roms like nero3 from teamwhiskey have voodoo built right in to their rom . now if you do not have root access and do not want to , there is really nothing that can be done to " correct " the lag that you are experiencing . . . except to disable the syncing of data that cause the lag .
there are two things to check . go into settings from the play store app 's menu . the third one down is update over wi-fi only . turn this off if you want to download apps over a cellular internet connection . it is on by default so that if you have to pay per kb of data you do not get surprised by a large bill . apps larger than a certain size ( i think 50 mb ) only download over wi-fi regardless of this setting . ( the play store app will prompt you if you try to download a large app and you are not on wi-fi . ) this applies to lots of games but not many applications .
finally , i got it resolved . the issue was with apn settings provided by my service provider . fixing that fixed downloading issue .
check wikipedia . . . nfc is backward compatible . . cool stuff . ! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication
using nfc enabled phone like nexus s one can read nfc data exchange format ( ndef ) message content present in nfc tags . gingerbread ( i.e. . android 2.3 ) is capable of reading ndef format which is specified by nfc forum type 2 specification . nfc operates in the 13.56 mhz frequency range . nfc , is a subset of rfid that limits the range of communication to within a few centimeters . based on what i read and understood , my guess is nexus s should be able detect nfc tags and not the rfid . may be in later releases hardware would be capable enough to do that as well ! edit : here 's some additional info . edit2: android blog states following are the new nfc related features in android 2.3.3: a comprehensive nfc reader/writer api that lets apps read and write to almost any standard nfc tag in use today . advanced intent dispatching that gives apps more control over how/when they are launched when an nfc tag comes into range . some limited support for peer-to-peer connection with other nfc devices .
nfc runs at 13.56mhz which is hf . hf nfc with ndef is indeed an rfid . however the rfid industry has for the most part moved away from hf to uhf , 860mhz-960mhz , due to longer distances and standardization ( epc gen2 ) . most supply chain implementations , ie : walmart , dod , are uhf for the longer read distances and the greater vendor selection/maturity .
it is about google account i think . logout and create a new account .
i would do a factory reset , then log on as yourself and try again . there should then be no trace of any other accounts on that device and you should be able to start afresh .
i fixed mine right now . using odin , load the original image of your phone from the exact provider in pda . now , it is like brand new . p.s. you have to unrar the image file , or odin will not see it . after you unrar , it should have a md5 file .
have you tried to reboot to the bootloader ? you can do so using adb reboot bootloader . from there , you can flash boot.img and system.img . look at fastboot options .
i am actually not sure that the kernel version matters for this exploit . it was a bug that was patched in the platform_system_core repository , which i think comprises libraries and system files that live on in the /system directory ( the readme says as much ) . the patch was committed on july 19 , 2010 ( in the froyo branch , anyway ) . i would wager that any kernel with a build date later than that also has the updated system files , so the system would not be vulnerable . uname -a would tell you the build date of a given device 's kernel , but beyond that i do not know that you could really line it up with a specific kernel version , especially on devices from different manufacturers/carriers/etc .
the minimum requirements should be something around 800+ mhz cpu and 256+ ram/rom . that should be for a stock ics rom . custom roms on the other side , are developed for a specific device , so their minimum requirements may be different . this can be achieved by enhancing the rom to be able to get almost the same features ( or more depending on the custom rom ) as the stock ics . the downside of custom roms is that not all go as smooth as a stock rom , since many of them have several core items modified and under certain circumstances they might fail ( or do not response in a good manner ) . if your phone is rooted and you have a custom recovery , i would suggest you do a nandroid backup to save the state of the phone as it is right now and give it a try to a custom rom . if you find the custom rom does not meet your expectations , you can restore the nandroid backup and recover your previous phone rom . for those who are not familiar with nandroid backup , it creates an image of the entire phone ( like norton ghost or clonezilla ) , so if you mess something up you can recover your phone from that image .
as peter mentioned , the requirements given might apply to stock rom . things may look different with special custom roms . take e.g. the htc wildfire , which comes with just a 576mhz single-core cpu and 384mb ram ( see gsm arena for full specs ) , and thus would not meet the minimum requirements . but put paranoid rom on it , which runs 4.0 , and it is reported to run even smoother than before ( no big deal , after kicking htc sense , i guess ; ) so it very much depends on multiple factors : how close does the device come to the " minimum requirements " , and how well was the custom rom optimized . i would say with your specs that close ( even slightly above ) to the mentioned htc wildfire/buzz , chances are good -- very good , indeed : head over to xda , read the topic , and grab your copy of paranoid android for the optimus one ( p500 ) : android 4.1.2 paranoidandroid v2.2 fully source compiled .
ogg is supported by default . supported media formats
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
on the home screen . . . push settings button and use the trackball to chose " notifications "
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
when i select an image from dropbox , it opens to be viewed . then if i press and hold the image , i am given the option to open , download , share or delete the image . if i choose open , the image opens in a view similar to the gallery in which i can press menu , then set as and finally , wallpaper . this still requires several steps but you never have to actually download the image from dropbox .
htc one v phone . i e-mail the photo from dropbox to myself . open pic , press , hold , release and your options are there . set as wallpaper and photo saves in gallery ( all photos ) or just download .
this is actually an important question , and far better to ask now than try it and be stuck with a blank screen ! android roms are specific to the device . this is why cyanogenmod and others have the specific device model and code name on them . even in cases where the deveice looks and feels the same and has the same name e.g. samsung galaxy s4: gt-i9505 gt-i9500 they both run android 4.4 now , and they look and to all user purposes are the same device . under the hood there are differences , and no rom will be compatible between the two . i had used the google edition s4 as my example as roms were not compatible between two devices with exactly the same hardware , but work arounds are being found . the general rule is : if your device is not specifically listed do not install the rom ! in your case here i am sure it will brick the device as there is different hardware ( buttons etc ) , a different model code , and a different partition structure .
i am almost certain that you have to download the rom for the exact device you are using . i tried to download the root file for another model of my galaxy s4 ( at and t ) not realizing that my version was different ( t mobile ) and ended up bricking my phone . so it applies to roms as well . find the exact model of your phone . i also had to go to " about device " and match the baseband versions .
sd cards generally use the fat file system , which does not allow for filesystem permissions . this means that the android os would have to manage a custom list of files , their permissions , a mapping of apps to files/folders , etc . in order to prevent apps from accessing the whole card . this would be a terrible mess . not only complicated , but it would require a lot of storage space . and then one day you take out your sd card and remove some pictures , and the entire system breaks . you get the idea .
there are different mechanisms to store data in an android application that do not need the sd card access permission . you can create databases , store application parameters , create files on the internal storage . all these will not require any specific permissions and these data are accessible only by the application that created them . on the other side , if an application needs the sd card permission it may be because it as a very large amount of data to store or that it wants to modify/add/remove files such as in a file manager . but for important application specific data , the sd card if not recommended because it could be removed at anytime ( or mounted as a usb drive ) and not available to the applications . i think a lot of applications that ask sd access permission could use another type of data storage that would not require that . moreover , files created on the sd by an app will not be removed upon un-installation of the app but all other types of internal data storage will be . so to me it would be a better development practice not to use the sd if not required , and as you mentioned it would not scare people away like apps that access the whole sd .
as matthew read has explained , with a normal sd card using the fat file system , it is not possible to use the file permissions to control apps ' access , the same way that android controls their access to files on the internal filesystem . but now that android phones use internal storage instead of sd cards , and they use mtp to offer access over usb instead of the mass storage device class , android phones are free to use better filesystems for their large data storage . kitkat added a new mechanism for apps to store large files . in the internal usb storage , each app gets a private data directory , just like in the smaller device memory . ( on some devices , these might even be the very same filesystem . ) apps can access their private directory on this filesystem without needing any special permissions . it is also now possible for apps to only ask for the " read sd card " and " write sd card " permission on versions of android prior to kitkat , if they only need the sd card in order to use a private directory like this . the old shared directories like " downloads " , " music " , and " notifications " are still present just like before , and still need those same permissions for access . old apps that have not been updated for kitkat will still use those directories , not the new , private directories .
while looking around my android filesystem , i found that it did , in fact have a /etc/init.d/ directory . after peeking around in there , i found /etc/init.d/20userinit with the following lines : this being , of course , exactly what i needed , i wrote the following script on my computer then pushed it to my device : #!/system/bin/sh dropbear -s -g  ( pushed to device via scp userinit.sh phone:/data/local/userinit.sh , mind you : ] ) rebooted the device , then ran ps | grep "[d]ropbear" , and sure enough , it is running . coolness !
look to /etc/ directory . usually it is placed in /system/ partition which you can mount as rw : and later remount ro : $ chmod o-w /system/etc $ mount -o remount,ro /system  now your task to find executable or *rc file which you modify to achieve your goal : $ find /etc -type f -perm +110 $ find /etc -name "*rc" $ find /etc -name "init*" $ grep -R /data /etc $ grep -R /system /etc  google about each candidate to get know how this file was used . good candidate for including custom scripts are lines from : $ grep service /init*.rc  as each device unique you may need to do own guess about search criteria . . . for example i found /etc/mkshrc which used by korn shell . i update this file to extend PATH env var and now each time i do adb shell i have busybox symlinks in my path ! see also hard way ( if you have no luck with finding magic file ) : stackexchange-url
/data/init.sh runs at boot , if you have root you can edit it as you like . be careful ; ) edit : apparently you might need to shoehorn the edited script into the boot image as well . info on how to do that here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=443994
recent versions of cryptonite include an actual port of the truecrypt code to android . the following restrictions apply at this time : no gui - command-line access only . requires fuse . most cyanogenmod roms except of motorola builds support fuse . requires root . only works with local volumes . no cloud storage support . it is available on google play as well . to get started , select the " expert " tab , click " start root terminal " , then use truecrypt from the command line .
a lot of people are asking that question . here 's one . some people are offering bounties . like at xda-developers . some people have suggested alternatives . axcrypt looks like an alternative , and there is an alpha product that works with it ( and dropbox ) called boxcryptor . but i have not found an actual port of truecrypt to android , nor any information about plans to do so .
i got out of a middle eastern language and back to english by pressing : Apps &gt; Settings &gt; Language and input &gt; Samsung keyboard settings (and OK) &gt; English UK .
you can not change the app store country , it is determined by the carrier you use . you can try searching the internet for the app you want in apk . in china facebook is blocked and google play does not allow you to download it , but it is freely available elsewhere online in apk format .
go to application manager under settings and clear the app 's stored info . then , restart the app , and select the proper country .
do as follows : go to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; Samsung Apps and then tap the clear data and clear cache buttons . back to all applications , find samsung apps and click on it . select now the correct country . note : the correct country should be where you currently are , or the country in which you registered first . try first country first , and if it is still does not work - simply repeat steps 1-2 above with the other country . hope it works for you !
you can try un-installing the app ( in application manager ) , it will ask if you want to replace the un-installed version with the " factory version " . when that is complete you should be able to select the country of your choice . n.b. i also un-installed all updates on the app before i un-installed the app , i am not sure if this helped with the outcome .
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
i found that most of the time such type of problem are solved by this link . steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
apps need a special permission to turn on or off mobile data . there is no built-in way to search for apps that use a particular permission , but you can look at the list of apps in settings → apps . in the " downloaded " list , if you click on a suspect app , you can see what permissions it uses . the permission you are looking for is " change network connectivity " . any app with that permission might be connecting or disconnecting networks . if you found one in the " downloaded " list , and you do not think it should be allowed to do that , there is a button to uninstall it . you can also see what permissions each app wants before you install it , in the play store 's install screen .
hi i saw this post and sympathise with the originator . i was using battery defender app which worked quite well . however i kept finding mobile data turned on regardless of what i did . this was wasting money for nothing as i just use my wifi at home for internet access etc . i do not need or use this when i am out . i eventually fudged the issue by changing the apn . this worked ok except mobile data was still swithced on all the time doing nothing . in battery defender the app overrides the phone settings and reactivates mobile data . as far as i can tell there is no way of changing this in the app . hope this helps someone
i just found a good experimental app that claims to reduce application permissions ( including internet ) its called permission manager . try it and comment on the results . also , check your superuser app log and look for the app that toggles your internet connection . android 2.2 and up does not allow apps without root to toggle your internet connectivity automatically . also if you use the official facebook app , use greenify to stop it from constantly getting updates and possible turning on your mobile data .
you want be able to access google play . so none of the normal automatic updating will work . some apps may be avalible from other sources in which case you may be able to update them manually it will be an app by app thing .
no google account means no play store . and one thing is clear , if you do not sign in with google account then it will not allow you to download or update any application from/to play store .
its not possible . . . you need a google account to download any app and to do any kind of operation on the apps .
it would almost certainly void your warranty , even if you somehow managed to do it without rooting . they also probably would not work -- 2.3 introduced several features that are not present in 2.2 . and apart from google apps , many apps like gallery/etc . are device specific .
your htc desire is definitely has a malfunction . try to reboot . as a workaround , you can try to configure to do nothing if usb cable is connected . search for option in menu => settings or from notification when connected to pc .
strange . i have an ht desire running 2.2 and do not have that problem . it might be the cable of the charger that is incorrectly registering as being a usb connection ( faulty , cheap knockoff that is incorrectly wired ? ) try another charger . blackberrys also use micro usb so ask a buddy to use their charger
interesting , never had that happen to me . if you can , try what pufferfish suggested - recharge with a different charger/cable ( maybe ask around at work ? ) or if that is not convenient possibly try taking out the sd-card and putting it back in ? i have had my sd-card randomly unmount itself once and re-inserting it seemed to have fixed it .
try another sd card ? maybe the problem is voltage stability . . .
i have similar problem , on reading this thread i checked on the proximity sensor on the techno f7 and discovered it was somewhat blocked , i cleaned the blockade and everything went fine . the proximity sensor is located at the right of the speaker it is a small oblong shaped spot .
disclaimer : i have a samsung galaxy s4 just giving this a shot in case it works . are you using the stock phone app ? maybe you have the Turn off screen during calls checked .
in the settings option you have application manager . in application manager if you swipe to the left you will get apps installed on the sd card . it should look something like this :
as well as getting access to samsung 's sync and backup service , creating a samsung account also gets you access to samsung 's app store . it is not as extensive as the main play store , but it has a good selection of apps . whether you think that is a " real benefit " or not is entirely up to you .
it might take a minute or five , but certainly not an hour . but i know what happened to you as it happened to me too when i flashed my first rom . keeping it short : the ever-looping boot animation you are seeing is silently saying that you forgot to clean the caches after you have flashed your cyanogenmod rom . to fix that , do : reboot into clockworkmod . whipe the " dalvik cache " . optionally , while the " cache " . reboot into cyanogenmod . most of the time , it is simple an unwhiped " dalvik cache " messing things up . yet , in the unlikely case that should not fix it ( for example - when you were not running a previous cyanogenmod rom before you flashed your current one ) , you will have to do a " factory reset " too . but 1-4 should get you going , so i would not factory-reset it on the first attempt . ; )
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
take a look at quicksshd - it claims " root " is optional , but i do not know whether it'll work with what you are trying to achieve . there is also the quite popular connectbot which should allow you to tunnel in to your pc .
android does not have " device drivers " . if you were to think of the entire android ecosystem within your handset , split into 3/4 , using the java programming language , the remaining 1/4 is the kernel written in c/assembler . it is there within the kernel is where the drivers are embedded . that is part of the kernel 's job to interact with touchscreen , accelerometers , compass , etc , and certain interactions with the hardware gets delegated to the android side of things . that is a summary in abstract form for the layman to understand . on to hardware manufacturers such as acer , huawei , htc , samsung , sony , zte , to name but a few , what each of those companies do , is publish the sources to the kernel , so that it can be built . although , having said that , some are not exactly gpl compliant , some provide sources , which may not be fully complete , quite possibly , due to the restrictions on certain closed-source for a particular hardware , or others just flagrantly violate the gpl and not publish it at all . perhaps , some do distribute the source in which the process of rolling your own kernel can fail due to malformed errors in the code or missing extra code . that applies to , generally older kernels , version 2.6 . x , in which a mix-and-match of the appropriate sources gets merged in manually , to create a build , this is where it can backfire quite horribly , the build breaks , kernel refuses to boot and lots of hacking to get the build to work . atheros , is one very classic example of a wifi chipset found in quite a large majority of handsets , notably , the sources for the device driver , are quite hard to find , which has resulted in broken builds of the driver , in turn , when integrated with the kernel , as a whole , android refuses to start the wifi . due to obscurity of the source , hackers have attempted to get the appropriate wifi driver from other stock roms thereby exacerbating the gambling on the functionality of the wifi which either work or break . the newer kernel versions 3.1 . x , have most of the device drivers employed for usage with android , merged into the main kernel sources thereby minimizing the chances of mix-n-matching , merging the source manually for a hardware , be it a new compass , acclerometer etc . if there is anything amiss feel free to comment , and amend this accordingly .
i got solution backup your data ( note : dont take android data on sd card ) --- or --- or remove your android data folder on sd card
you can use an application called diskusage . it displays your files and folders in a tree view with their respective size . it requires root only for the /data folder . it has often helped me to track biggest files on my sdcard and useless pre-installed apk . : )
just get x-plore mate ; d . i have been usign it since 2006 . it is available on multiple platforms . you can see system folders . you can see hidden files and folders . which you can delete/copy/move ( be careful when you do that ) you can open many archived files as well . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lonelycatgames.xplore
i have a similar setup with ipod classic ( 160 gb ) and asus transformer tf300t . i have yet to find a direct method to connect ipod to the tablet and sync via an app . as of now , the only way is via a computer . if you want to go the pc way , you can use isyncr for pc and sync playlists . isyncr also has an app for mac . however , i am not sure of pictures being synced via isyncr . another option is to export all the music via programs like floola to your computer and later transfer to the tablet .
since you have already rooted your phone , this should help . here !
both worked fine for me in google chrome . i am using mac book pro with os x maverick and the latest version of google chrome . on firefox ( latest version ) it displays an error : No video with supported format and MIME type found.  on safari it keeps loading . see the screen shot please .
the problem also persists on android 4.3 and most probably also with later versions . i have reported the issue on chromium 's bug tracker and it has been confirmed : https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=331876 there is also a bug report on the android 's bug tracker for the stock browser : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=43414 i hope this issue will get fixed soon .
i read from a forum that for security reasons , the only way to change the owner is to do a factory reset .
firefox mobile supports http proxies , so whilst it is a different rendering engine you should at least be able to get a feel for how your ui performs on a small touchscreen . here 's how to get to the secret config section - http://support.mozilla.com/en-us/questions/758279 the default browser includes proxy support in gingerbread ( although that does not help you and your unrooted desire right now , htc should be offering an ota update to gingerbread soon , or it may spur you into rooting and re-flashing your phone ) . ( for both of these , you had need to configure a proxy on your network so that it can serve up your foo . xyz domain ) finally , you could always use the android sdk 's emulator . performance will be painfully slow , but you would at least be running the same rendering engine . edit : as gathrawn mentions in the comments above , you could also possibly achieve what you want using dns entries on your network 's default dns server or a development dns server . your phone will pick up your wifi network 's default dns server , or you can change it to something specific via settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings > menu softkey > advanced .
short answer : thing is : you can not , obviously , as you do not have enough internal storage . tl ; dr if your device is rooted , however , there are ways to work around this storage problem . you can fool your device by linking/mounting a partition on your sd card to be used as " fake internal memory " . but while this would work-around the underlying issue ( not enough storage ) , the playstore still would refuse to let you install those apps , as your " official phone specs " have not been changed . if you could get hold of the .apk , however , you might be able to side-load ( manually install ) it . also , having root , you could manipulate the system file responsible for this ( build.spec ? ) , fooling the playstore into thinking your device would be a desire x ( or whatever you chose ) . so you see there might be work-arounds , but they are not easy to apply . without rooting your device ( and thus most likely voiding your warranty if you are living outside the eu ) , it simply is impossible afaik .
according to the fix app , the actual bug it fixes is 34880 . basically , play installs paid apps to the wrong location , specifically to /mnt/asec instead of /data/app . when the service cache is generated on boot , that location is not yet mounted , so the service and the associated accounts gets removed . this works around that by using the same account on a non-paid app , which installs normally , get picked up by the service cache , and this prevents the account from getting removed .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
there are plenty of apps on play supporting that already . the first coming to my mind is paw server , which allows that and many more things ( basically , you can remote-administrate your device via wifi with this app ) . other , similar apps might offer the remote-ring as well . several anti-theft apps for example .
hmmm . . . . suggestion : create a simple android app that is listening for a broadcast on socket - over udp broadcast ? once it receives the broadcast , start playing a loud tune a la " ring " from your workstation , make a simple python app to execute by transmitting a simple broadcast packet destined for your said device profit \o/ edit fairly recently google rolled out android device manager , which it gets downloaded stealthily and sneakily , not confined to just jellybean , it applies to all versions of android going back to eclair ( 2.1 ) . this can be found in : settings > location and security > device administrators ( for gingerbread ) settings > security > device administrators ( for jellybean ) using this device manager and even if its not activated yet , go to the web interface https://google.com/android/devicemanager one can actually instigate : ringing the handset by way of the website contacting your handset provided the handset meets the criteria : signed into your google account geo location is activated handset registered with google play if location is activated , the web front end will actually locate the device for you on the map right down to the gps coordinates .
for your purpose you can use android lost .
install appzorter app . this is for froyo or newer devices with touchwiz ( samsung devices only ) .
can i order the apps alphabetically the app drawer already does this for you . or group them into folders ? long press on the home screen . click folders . click new folder . click on the folder to open it . click on the " folder " at the top to rename it . drag and drop apps into the folder from the app drawer to place them into the folder . or maybe there is a better way of managing with an ever increasing number of installed apps ? i can also recommend apps organizer .
as of right now , the only root method for the at and t s4 4.4.2 is via a convoluted flashing method detailed on xda developers . it is definitely not low-risk , nor anywhere close to one-click . additionally , a new update is supposedly rolling out , so this may complicate things even further .
download and run towelroot . it worked perfectly on my at and t s4 kitkat 4.4.2 sgh-1337 that i could not root before .
it is quite an easy task . see the source of the inputdevices system package . or get the ready to use polish programmers external keyboard layout plugin from there : https://sites.google.com/site/polishhardwarekbd/ you will find the app source there as well . regards .
i am interested in this too . however , as a temporary fix i found that the soft keyboard you have selected seems to affect the way a bluetooth keyboard functions . for example : i usually use go ! keyboard . while i have this selected my shift key is a latch ( double press for shift-lock ) and ctrl-c and ctrl-v do not function . however , when i switch to hacker 's keyboard , shift requires me to hold it down and ctrl-c , -v and -a all work as they would on a pc . what i would really like to do is edit the way the fn- functions or some of the iphone of mac keys work to attatch them to my back , recents and menu buttons . this must be possible because one of the keys already works as ' home . '
winamp supports replaygain in its desktop versions , so the android version might also support it ( i am not positive , but it seems reasonable ) . it definitely does support scrobbling , though i have not used it myself . you could give that a try and see if it fits your needs .
deadbeef supports replaygain and many file formats . also has a nice interface , but its integration with the standard music library is not as good . still , well worth a try .
how it works is that mobile companies buy the rights to the android os to change the boot screen menu . thus allowing them to set a brand logo on the start-up menu . you are going to have to contact megafon to unbrand the device as it is a clear indication that the phone was branded to be locked by them . or you are going to have to uninstall the android os and re-install it again . this os versions can be found on the android homepage .
sounds like windows had an open file handle when you disconnected and something got corrupted . i would attempt to copy everything over to your computer and then format it . get the usb drivers from somewhere official .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
generally it is the first google account you add to the phone that is associated with the market .
note that the google play store now allows use of multiple accounts ! in the app , press the menu button and hit accounts to see the currently selected account and to choose another . when you buy or install an app , it will show the email address being used ( on the preview page , where you select the payment method , permissions and such ) . you can still back out at that point . it is right at the top , at least in the newest market . ( bigger picture here )
if you visit play . google . com and click on " my android apps " , you will be able to see which apps were downloaded for each of your accounts . on mine , my entire app list shows on my personal google account , and only the system apps show on my google apps account . if you have a similar scenario , it is probably safe to conclude that your personal account will be used for on-device purchases .
it is probably worth noting that standard google apps accounts can not use checkout at all , so you can not put a credit card on them , and so can not pay for market apps . only apps accounts upgraded over the last couple of months to the upgraded apps accounts can ( if your account was upgraded you should have got an email with the title " your google apps account now works more like a full google account . " if you have not then the only account you can use to buy apps on the market is your personal one .
yon can buy apps on http://market.android.com/ using browser . this way you can be sure with which account you are logged in .
without a volume-down key , you can not : go into recovery mode/download mode without a pc reduce the volume ( duh ) select options in cwm take screenshots in aosp-based roms possible workarounds , by order of mention above : use adb reboot recovery / adb reboot bootloader , as said in the comments use a usb jig to force the phone to boot into download mode go into settings > sound > volumes and change values from there use twrp or cwm touch instead use third-party apps . i think gravitybox for xposed has the option to add a screenshot option and advanced reboot to the power menu , but i have not been using xposed for a long time .
at the moment the gmail app does not support normal email views , only the conversation view is available . as a workaround i believe you can open your gmail account to allow pop3 access , and then you can use the default email application , instead of the gmail application .
does sending notifications require a special permission ? if it does , permissions denied could help .
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
update : it is posible to disable notifications of individual apps on system level in jelly bean ( 4.1 ) . under each application info screen there is now a checkbox for " show notifications " ( assuming the app sends notifications ) . uncheck that and no more notifications from that app . you can get to the screen by going to Settings | Apps | {application} or , more conveniently , long-pressing the notification itself and then tapping " app info " . more details in this article . notifications are handled on a per-app basis . the only way to turn them off is inside that particular application 's settings . this menu - unlike on ios - can he accessed from inside the application . it is usually an option that comes up after pressing your menu button , or if your phone does not have one than it is hidden behind the overflow menu ie . the three dots . in the case of scramble with friends there is a settings icon on the main screen . there is an option to set the polling interval . the default is 5 minutes .
ok , this is not the answer , this is some kind of " workaround " that i do not like . it works but makes me memorize another super key combo . and with that settings i get this results : using alt+shift feels unnatural and i would like to get the same behavior that i have got on my pc , but for now this works .
easy answer depends on . more detailed answer : this is no easy yes/no question , but has many things to consider . several factors have to be taken into account . picking just the easy ones to make it less complicated : what is the energy consumption in idle mode how much energy is needed per time unit how much data is transfered per time unit how much data do you have to transfer oh , and what is the signal quality of course to make a raw calculation , i have collected some hard data on battery consumptions of components a while ago . you will note it lacks lte/4g specifics , but you can rawly " deduce " those for an estimation . for some " practical examples " , take a look at e.g. 2g versus 3g : does it really save battery ? if you followed this far , you probably reached the same conclusion i came to : there is no " general rule " to give , all depends on " user habits " and " actual situation " ( coverage etc . ) .
there is a program that does this for the iphone call shairport4w . it basically uses the air play feature of the iphone to play all audio through a wifi router to a pc running this software . edit : ok so download airstream . then go to the pc you want to play from , and download shairport4w . you will need the bonjour service from apple installed for this to work and if i remember correctly there is a way to install only the service without installing all of itunes . i think it is get the itunes full package installer and extract it as if it were an archive and only install the bounjour package . after installing bonjour start shairport4w since it is only a small program running in the background . then start airstream . it should find your pc that has shairport4w running on it and then start playing whatever you want . it will go over wifi and play on the pc . i tried is using amazon cloud player and it worked great . edit : i have just added the links to the mentioned software . though kevin explains it the other way around ( streaming from pc to android , so he is probably rather referring to this airstream app ) , the app i have linked above is the one for android → pc streaming . edit ( 2 ) : this actually is stream any music player on the android device to your pc via wifi . the new name for the app is allstream . look for it in the play store . unfortunately for it to work , you are phone or tablet must be rooted . i use it all the time since my sound system is hooked up to my pc as it is a media center , and listen to pandora , google music and amazon music from my tablet through the pc .
if you can skip the part with the " standard music player " , there would be some solutions involving dlna/upnp . this would require an upnp compatible device at your speakers end ( e . g . a fitting programm on your pc ) , and a streaming app on the devices . some devices have such a streaming app pre-installed , so you can share directly from your device . if not , you find several apps on the playstore , e.g. bubbleupnp . they act as a " dlna/upnp server " ( mentioned bubbleupnp can act as client as well , in the other direction , so basically you could use this on an android device connected to your speakers instead of your pc as " receiving end " as well ) . as for the pc software , you might check with our friends at askubuntu for a linux solution , there are plenty available -- see e.g. upnp / dlna ( client ) player recommendations ? , where several good choices are mentioned . i cannot speak for windows , as i live in a ms-free zone : )
if your pc has bluetooth capability , it may be easier to use this for streaming the audio . you need to enable a2dp on your bluetooth settings ( advanced audio distribution profile ) , then you pair the phone with the pc and all multimedia audio from the phone will be player by the pc . this means you can use the default music playing app and play your google cloud stored music too .
use the application on google play called airsong . this application lets you listen to the music you have on your device at any pc with a browser ( chrome , firefox , opera ) .
use VLC direct https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vlcforandroid.vlcdirectprofree using this app you can watch movies , play songs , view pics on your pc screen vlc player . requirements : vlc on pc after instaling vlc on pc you need to run a script which can be fount
the latest version of swype beta ( or at least the version before the most recent version ) is a bit more self-sustained . all i had to do when i updated was to go to the swype installer app . it had an update for itself . after updating , it then presented an option for me to update swype and stepped me through the process , including disabling , updating , and then re-enabling swype . now the old way of updating swyped used to be you had to uninstall the current version and it is installer , then re-install the installer , then re-install swype . it seems as if they have improved on this former method ( that often had me raging because it would not generate the license file correctly ) .
firefox mobile or another browser would need to support this directly for such an extension to work . do you need a screenshot , or do you just need to view pages offline ? in the latter case , the answers to this question might help : viewing web pages offline .
you can use browsers that support add-ons . for example , i use dolphin browser and use the add-on called " screen cut " / " dolphin screen cut " which allows freestyle screenshot so you can rearrange and measure a certain area of the screen if you so choose it over than a whole screen capture . you can also use maxthon browser which supports this .
you might want to check out the dolphin browser . it supports many extensions , two of them doing exactly what you want : dolphin screen cut web to pdf
firefox mobile + addon fennec screenshot does that job perfectly .
save it as contact ; then when you want to use it -> navigate to it ; and choose edit before sending .
analysis luckily , logcat gave the ip address along ( in my case : 74.125.93.113 ) . on my pc , i first checked with the browser ( "https://74.125.93.113/" ) -- and in fact , connection timed out . next i checked what is behind the ip : host 74.125.93.113 113.93.125.74.in-addr.arpa domain name pointer qw-in-f113.1e100.net.  did not tell me anything . but checking with /etc/hosts on the android device , i found the entry : 74.125.93.113 android.clients.google.com  a lookup of that host reveiled : the ip 74.125.93.113 no longer belongs to it -- which explains the trouble . solution the solution requires root , unfortunately , as /etc/hosts is owned by root and read-only for everybody else . furthermore , /etc is just a symbilic link to /system/etc , which means the entire file system is read only . what you need root a terminal emulator app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) what to do open the terminal app , and follow these steps : now just wait a short time -- or simply call up google play to check . it should not take long for the lights to turn green again .
itunes can never be found nor used in android phones . it is " only " meant for apple users . unlike apple gadgets , android only can manage the content of their phone via their phone only , there is no trick or there is no app available to do it just like what itunes does . that makes apple and android very different . i used both apple and android and the truth is , i love managing android more than apple , it is less complicated and i do not have to worry about syncing most of the time . samsung kies only is used for you to sync your phone to a computer , it will not do you anything else . you have a nice phone , galaxy note 3 , why not try to explore it and maybe you will realize it is much easier to use than your phone before ? :- )
you will not find a good " itunes for android " for your desktop computer , because android was designed from the start to eliminate that dependency on a desktop computer . an iphone uses a protocol that only itunes understands , so itunes is the only way to get music and photos onto it ( originally , you had to install apps through itunes too : there was no app store on the iphone itself . ) in contrast , android phones use mtp to act like any media player device , so they show up as a drive on your desktop computer . ( originally they used the usb mass storage protocol , but that approach had shortcomings . ) you can just drag and drop files onto the phone , or you can use a more specific piece of software . for example , if you want to put music on your phone , and you do not want to drag and drop files , there is a choice of music software that support syncing to non-iphone music players , including android phones . rhythmbox and clementine are two examples . similarly , if you want to put some photos on there , you can just drag-and-drop them if your folders are neatly organised on your desktop computer , or you can use a photo manager like shotwell or geeqie . in your question , you say : google could have an app that can handle the basic needs of an android user . i have not been able to find this . and the answer to that is that you have been looking in the wrong place ! if you want to organise your home screens and install , update , and remove apps , do not run to your desktop computer : the place to look is on your phone . all that functionality has been on android phones right from the start , so there is no need for a huge " manage my phone " program on your desktop .
open contacts , tap the name of the contact you want to set the distinctive ringtone , then open action overflow menu ( the three dots ) and tap " set ringtone " , select a ringtone different to default one and tap ok .
it is most likely related to how the task stack works . in android , an application can open an activity in another application , but the task stack still belongs to the first application instead of the second . for example , if you open a youtube link from firefox then the back button will take you back to firefox . the task stack may often cause apps back button to appear to behave strangely especially if you do not understand how the task stack works ; most strange behaviors with the back button is caused by users that do not understand back stack , but sometimes strange back button behaviors may be because of a bug in the application , or because of application developers that do not understand the task stack and tried to work around it rather than with it ( causing grief for people that do expect proper back stack behavior ) . the task stack is also the reason why the recent apps list may show an app that belongs to say firefox but shows a screenshot that appears to come from the youtube app , and clicking that app will bring you to a youtube activity instead of to firefox . the recent apps list shows both the app name and a screenshot because both are needed to decide which app to switch to . if you want to go to the youtube app to start a new task , you should switch to the app that is named youtube , instead of any apps that have the youtube app screenshot . but if you want to return to the video you watched before that email come that interrupted you , then you want to go to the one that shows the right screenshot , which may actually be named with your browser or newsreader . i used firefox and youtube as an example but this works similarly in any properly written apps .
sure , you can create a simple alarm clock with llama . first , you need to learn the cell tower id of the location ( s ) you want to use . llama uses cell towers instead of gps ( by default , at least ) because gps is much more battery intensive . as long as each location is more than a few miles apart , you should be fine . second , you set up an event . for each location , you set up two events , one for entering and one for leaving . i suggest simply setting a llama variable when you enter , for example a variable called Location gets set to the name of the area when you enter , and gets cleared when you leave . next , set up your alarm events . you create an event , and have two conditions . the first one will check that variable to see if we are in the right place . the second condition will be based on the time , called Time Between . set the time-frame to be one minute . if you also want to care about the day of week , you can do that as a third condition . if both ( or all three ) conditions are met , then the action will be run . add an action to Play a Sound , Speak , Vibrate , or do whatever you want for your actual alarm . once you have your first alarm event created , you can long-press on it to copy it and make as many alarms as you want .
i should not think so . samsung is a signatory to the eu common external power supply standard , which includes specs for a usb charger . as long as the charger you are using supplies something close enough to what the samsung one supplies , you are good to go . you can even charge it from a computer usb port , although it will be quite a bit slower ( except some pcs which can supply a higher amperage via a micro-usb cable , making it almost as quick as a mains adaptor charger . ) but in any case , you should be fine as long as the charger is of decent quality and is not going to catch alight or something . i have been mixing and matching htc , samsung , and blackberry chargers for years now .
the first thing you could try is to clear the android market cache and data . this can be done from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; (All -&gt;) Market -&gt; Clear data . note that the " all " tab may not be available on your device , depending on your android version . if it is not there , then disregard that step .
evernote : have you tried using evernote for this task ? it allows pictures and the editor is one of the best i have seen on android . bonus : the widget is top notch as well . you could organize all items in one collection into a single notebook . sorting by date and searching are possible ( searches should let you filter on certain fields as well ) . syncing with the cloud comes free , so you will not have to worry about losing data . you will also have access to the web interface when you are not near your phone ( gasp ! ) . all this for free ! this is a bit more of a thinking-outside-of-the-box answer , but not knowing exactly your use case and detailed requirements , it may be what you are looking for .
memento might be what you are looking for . some random relevant features : free 19 types of fields : – text , integer , boolean , date/time , rating , currency , image , audio , contact , google maps coordinate and others ; ability to create your own databases with custom fields synchronize to google docs ( spreadsheet ) password protection barcode scanner backup and restore permissions ( as of version 1.9.2 . ) location ( i would assume this is to input your current gps coordinates ) full internet access ( for synchronization ) read contact data ( i assume this is for sharing with other people ) modify sd storage ( probably obvious why ) mount and unmount file systems i like most the freedom to create your own tables and databases , although it is a bit tedious to get all the fields just right . google docs synchronization is a seriously powerful feature .
does barcode and inventory pro do what you are looking for ? it lets you define your own " categories " ( collections ) . items can be created from text , camera , gallery images , barcode scans , amazon . com products , and user-defined templates . you can sort by title , date created , price , quantity , or " marker " ( user-defined ) . it is currently $1.99 , but it does have a 3 week trial version .
without rooting , etc there is no way on the droid 3 to go back to the droid 1 lockscreen experience . motorola and their forum users recommend using a lock timer so you do not have to use the pattern every time . motorola forum post
you can not do either using the official facebook for android app . you have to do it through the website ( presumably the full non-mobile site ; there is a " full site " link at the bottom of the mobile version ) .
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
no need to root or anything . you can just simply stop it being running by going to settings> application> viber> force close this will close all the services related to viber . but remind you , you have to force close it every time after you use viber . oh there is another way to do that . start viber , then close it . then open your multitasking window/history window by pressing the home button . you should see viber there at the bottom . long press on the screen-shot of viber . you should be prompted with two option , app details/info and clear from list tap on app details/info and click on force close this will do your job . hope that helps .
this is an official rep . of viber . due to the c2dm feature , you are always available on viber , there is not way to " log out " and " log in " . please note that if you " exit " viber , it will open again only if you get a msg or call . let us know if you have any additional questions . thanks ! viber team
i have viber on phone and tablet and it behaves differently . by default , no matter how you stop the service it always turns on when you receive message . on phone when i go to settings - general - turn off " show viber status icon " , and then i just exit the viber ( via exit or stop service or clean task manager ) i am really offline . all messages are received after i turn on viber myself . i can be offline for days . it behaves like this only when i turn off the viber icon . i guess this is a bug but i like it and hope it is not going to be fixed . i do not know if it is bug just for combination of my phone and android version or if it " works " like this on every phone . on tablet this does not work , viber cannot be really off .
afaik you can not stop the process in the background without unistalling it . you can logout from your viber account , then it will not display you any notifications
there is an app for this if you have root : greenify
there are different apps to change rendering effects , i think , and there is also an app to dim your screen way more if you are rooted : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.pruss.superdim otherwise , cyanogenmod does not have widgets for this . i think certain custom launchers ( such as launcherpro or adwlauncher ) have the option to create shortcuts to certain activities , so you could possibly add a shortcut straight to the render effects menu .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
there is no option to set notifications on sub folders using the stock email app . you can set each folder to sync but only the inbox will throw a notification . there are some email apps that will do it though . touchdown does for sure but it is a $20 app . k9 is another popular email app but i have not tested for this functionality .
there are many email apps for android , each one should have an option within the app itself where you can check or uncheck to be notified of a new email arrival . this list covers the most popular ones : email allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " email notifications " . gmail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " more" ; tap " settings" ; tap over the desired account ; scroll your way to " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " email notifications " . k-9 mail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " more" ; tap " accounts" ; long tap over the desired account ; from the popup , tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " notifications " and tap it ; tick the checkbox for " new mail notifications " . maildroid allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " preferences" ; scroll your way to " notifications " and tap it ; select the icon for the status bar from the dropdown ; tick the checkbox for " show separate notification " , aditionally you can tick the checkbox for " show once" ; yahoo ! mail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " options" ; tap the desirable account ; tap " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " show in status bar " . hotmail allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " general settings " and tap it ; scroll your way to " notifications and alerts " and tap it ; tap " email notifications" ; tick the checkbox for " message notification " . notes : some email apps , in order to notify you of the arrival of new mail , need to have the " auto-sync " and the " background data " active on your phone settings : this options are found on your device settings , under " accounts and sync " . " tick the checkbox " stands for having the checkbox with a green tick on it . the gray tick is the disable status . if your email app is not present on the above list , feel free to @zuul me and i will be glad to add it to the list . only email app with notification capabilities will be present .
in the email app in my android 4.4.2 , there is now an option for folder sync settings in each e-mail account . by setting a particular folder to push instead of manual sync , i receive notifications when e-mails arrive in a sub-folder as well .
since google did not seem to work on this feature , i have implemented it myself . you can download my app and my code changes in this xda thread .
if you are using gmail app : will notify only selected sub-folder open " settings " select account select " manage labels " select label ( sub-folder ) to get notifications for verify sync is applied ( all or last 4 days ) check " label notifications " you can also check " vibrate " and/or " notify for every message " as well . ( my gmail app version is 4.5.2-714156 )
if you have an unencrypted /sdcard ( this is usually true if you have removable sd card slot ) , you can install zip from sdcard as always . if your sdcard is encrypted , too , but you have relatively new device and software ( ice cream sandwich or newer ) , you may be able to use sideload . choose install zip from sideload option in your recovery run this command on your computer : adb sideload &lt;filename-of-update.zip&gt; then you can continue to flash the rom . ( in my case , the installation process started automatically . )
encryption is done on the /data partition ( where all app-data is stored ) . however , /sdcard is sometimes encrypted too ( if the sdcard is actually internal memory of the phone i.e. not removable ) . if the sdcard is also encrypted , then you will be unable to flash rom 's from within recovery ( recovery can not read encrypted sdcard ) .
try pcmrecorder . from the app description : this is a simple voice recorder . it records by high quality ( pcm/wave ) . records in 8000,11025 , 16000 , 22050 , 44100 and 48000hz - 16bits - mono . recordings are stored on the sd-card ( 'pcmrecorder' ) . record : records by background 16bits/mono records no time limit playback : playback by backgroud rename send mail settings : sample rate ( 8000,11025 , 16000 , 22050 , 44100 and 48000hz ) permission : record audio wake lock ( to background recording )
voice recorder can schedule recording at any given time for a predetermined time .
do you use any task killer ? make sure you do not kill the " clock " apps . in fact , do not use a task killer at all , they are harmful to android .
yes , the phone has to remain switched on for the alarm to work .
if you are using swype simply drag from the swype key to where the 5 is ; swype will change to the numeric keypad .
all in all i found that pressing the ' keyboard selection ' box and choosing handwriting box 1 or 2 is the easiest way . not for entering 2 or 3 digits , but if you have to enter a lot of digits , this works quicker than having to type the numbers at the top row of the soft keyboard . a shame , you can not switch to the numeric keyboard though . hope this helps some one .
click the gear button next to the ? 123 button in the lower left , then click 3x4 keypad , then click the 123 button on the right . this way you will have a full 3x4 numeric keypad
there are so many out there so it is very hard to say . personally i have only used rockplayer . it is very good . plays all modern media files , functions very smoothly without any hiccups . another popular one that is been getting some traction is vplayer . i do not see much different between the two . . . vplayer is new to the game so the features are still coming . personally give them a go and see what you like best .
i would guess that samsung failed to provide proper support for yahoo mail . therefore i recommend that you install the offical yahoo mail app . it should work out of the box . antoher approach is to forward your yahoo mail to your google mail . they advantage is that you do not have to use an additional e-mail app .
success ! ! i went through a free web service called dnsomatic ( run by the folks at opendns ) it is as simple as signing up for an account and adding opendns to your services . no configuration beyond that . for android users busybox versions of wget are way behind and do not have options to use user names and passwords , so we will have to install and use curl the guide to install curl can be found here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2362386 once you have curl you can simply do things like updating your opendns ip curl -u opendnsusername:password http://updates.dnsomatic.com/nic/update?hostname=opendnshostname  next you need to setup tasker to run this command when your device connects to wifi . make a net profile that runs a task when connected to your wifi ip or mac address . press the "+" button in tasker to add a new task and select " scripts " and then " run shell " add the line of code above curl -u opendnsusername:password http://updates.dnsomatic.com/nic/update?hostname=opendnshostname  this will make tasker execute the command when you connect to wifi
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
usb and bt tethering are available , provided your carrier has not modified android to disable them - some carriers charge a premium for tethering . contact your carrier to find out for certain . desksms is a great remote sms app . you can view , send and receive sms from any web browser on any computer ; the app then receives the request on your phone and sends the sms from the phone itself .
the nice thing about android is that there are many geeky apps available . some of them are even open source and free . so there are many different apps for your task . here are the ones i am aware of : android remote notifier project page - play store forwards and send text messages via bluetooth gtalksms project page forward and send text messages via xmpp other can be found in the related questions on android enthusiasts : how do i send sms from pc through android phone or to android phone ? how can i be informed through my computer if a new sms is received ?
you need windroid htc one x toolkit htc one x ( at least 50% charge ) windows xp - 8.1 usb cable read this xda thread this can help you . .
do not panic . try this : on your computer , browse your rom . zip file , there should be a file named boot.img at top level . extract it somewhere on your computer . plug your phone into your computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader mode . ( power + volume down button for 5 seconds . ) at bootloader screen your phone should say FASTBOOT USB . assuming you know where your fastboot.exe is on your computer , issue this command in cmd: path/to/your/fastboot.exe flash boot path/to/your/boot.img after that restart your phone and see if it can boot into your rom : fastboot reboot
i would suggest you to factory reset your phone or do that from cwm after wiping dalvik , cache and system data . and consider going to cm11 on your verizon gnexus too android 4.4 has better ram management and task killing . i am saying that your system is behaving very differently so may be aome bug but most probably virus or something which cannot be specifically detected so i suggest thoroughly wiping your system .
as i have already explained in my answer here , on *nix based systems there is no such thing as " unused ram " . how ram is utilized , depends on many criteria : what apps are running ( foreground , background , services . . . ) how active they are ( program structures , data loaded ) how much file i/o there is ( data from " slower storage " gets cached in ram for faster access ) are only some of them . follow up to the other asnwer to find out how to get additional details about caches and buffers used in ram .
i assume this has happened after a recent update to your nexus 4 to the latest kitkat update ? how did you do this update , was it naturally from google or did you manually force the update by clearing your google services framework cache ? i have seen this happen before .
as your computer is running windows , you need to install the appropriate device driver first . most manufacturers offer one for download on their resp . websites , specifically tailored for the device in question ; but that would also mean you had need multiple drivers if you had multiple devices . a good solution reported to work fine with multiple different devices , and also supporting windows 8 fine , is koushik dutta 's universal adb driver . this would hence free you from the hazzle of possible driver conflicts , if you one day decide to use a different/additional device .
you can check whether your device is affected using e.g. bluebox security scanner . to close the vulnerability , your device needs root access . if that pre-condition is given , there are different fixes available , e.g. master key dual fix ( a module for the xposed-framework ) master-key security patch ( again a module for xposed ) rekey ( a stand-alone app )
no , the app will be removed along with all other apps and user data . if you root the phone , it is possible to install a tracker as a system app , such that it will only be removed if the thief flashes a new rom , but any app you install from google play or another app marketplace will not be able to do that .
it is an very easy process . first make sure that you have the driver installed . if not install this simple driver http://downloads.unrevoked.com/htcdriver3.0.0.007.exe by downloading and running the file . after this unzip the ruu zip file you downloaded . you will see one pdf file and one . exe file . if you want you can read the instructions on pdf file . connect the phone and run the exe file and follow the step by step wizard . things to watch out for : make sure your phone has at least 60% charge . this process will take around 10 minutes to complete , do not unplug the phone until the wizard says the process is complete . your phone will reboot during the process which is normal .
if fastboot is installed on the handset ( or commonly called bootloader ) , it might be best to re-flash via usage of usb cable and the handset with the cable plugged in . in order to achieve this , a original image file is needed for this to work . the essence of fastboot , is that from the command line , the handset can be re-formatted and told to boot specific kernels without touching the original on the handset . consider the options used in the fastboot binary command line application , as in : thus , the command line to wipe cleanly and flash the original image file would be this : fastboot erase system to wipe the /system partition cleanly . fastboot erase data to wipe the /data partition cleanly . fastboot flash system original_system_image.img the optional step may as well be , to flash the original boot image which can be achieved in this manner - fastboot flash boot original_boot_image.img . if you happen to have the original update.zip for your handset , it might be easier to do it in this fashion , instead of the three steps above listed , as in fastboot update update.zip .
there are different methods for updating your device . once you have rooted it , the checksum for your /system partition changes , and an update might check that and abort because of it ( as you just experienced ) ; this is mostly the case with ota-update s . however : major version updates are rarely spread ota , but mostly have to be flashed manually using a corresponding computer program . which one that might be , is manufacturer-specific and depends on your device ( so for details on that , we need to know which one it is ) . still , applied as an update it might again fail with its checksum verification . a third variant would be assuming a " virgin device " , and make a full install . this usually does not apply any checksum verification ( as it does a complete install , and not an update ) . for this , you might want to check with where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? more details on device updates can be found checking frequent questions tagged " update " and our update tag-wiki . p.s. : after clarification for the targeted device , there are two more tags you might want to investigate : odin is samsung 's flash-tool for windows , heimdall is a multi-platform open source equivalent .
i ended up just installing cyanogenmod . they have features that stock android should have had from the beginning , and support pretty much every android device on the market for many years after google and the various device manufacturers abandon it .
open contacts menu -> contacts to display choose customize choose your email or g+ account select that groups to show hit ok and all the individuals with those labels will be shown source : tested on contacts app running on a kk 4.4
galaxy nexus goes by variants such as yakju , yakjuxw , and takju . however yakju and takju will receive updates directly from google . while the rest will be receiving from samsung or probably network provider . the difference between yakju and takju is that takju has google wallet while yakju does not . takju can only be purchased from play store . i assume the one being sold directly from google in the uk is the same one offered at play store which runs takju while the one on amazon runs yakju . in term of phone hardware they are exactly the same .
the " device not supported " message means that you probably downloaded the recovery image for a different device ( at and t 's lg g2 " d802" , or international lg g2 " d800" . ) you can override this check , but it is not recommended , as the devices might be different enough that you could cause irreparable damage to it ( a . k.a. " bricking " . ) the most current twrp for t-mobile 's lg g2 ( d801 ) is located here . i could not find an official clockworkmod recovery for the d801 , but you may want to search appropriate sections on xda-developers forums for unofficial builds that are compatible with your phone . another recovery image according to cm 's installation wiki can be downloaded from here , but must be flashed with loki_flash tool , as described in the installation instructions .
it looks like it is google 's pinyin ime . the icon has since changed to use squares instead of circles , but you can still see that it is generally the same , and you can find examples of the old round icon on the internet still . it is still on the page for google 's windows variant , in fact : google must evidently ship this in their vanilla android builds for nexus devices , which would explain why it cannot be uninstalled . this seems to be verified by various sites around the web ( one , two , three ) .
i feel your pain , this has happened to me . it is very frustrating . i tried clearing cache for apps , removing them using the application manager and a bunch of other unsuccessful attempts . the only thing that helped was a factory reset . luckily i was able to backup my data prior to doing a full factory reset . i know you mentioned that it is something that you do not want to do . the only other option would be to root your device and flash your device with a new rom - but doing this would essentially be a pseudo reset , so if this seems like a valid option , i would play it safe , backup and reset . also , you mentioned that you were able to read the host file ? do you see any specific url 's or ip addresses in the " hosts " file ? if so , you want to clear anything that says google play . leave only the first two lines - which should be something like : 127.0.0.1 localhost x.x.x.x:port*  where x is variable and :port would be defined i found a thread on xda forums that might help - but it requires root . tested fix for google play connection error let me know if this helps .
i also had problem extracting initramfs . cpio . gz , until i opened this file in editor and seen first 3 ascii letters ( the header ) in my case it was " lzo " , so i found proper soft to decompress " lzop -x " you can find it probably in every linux , for example knoppix has it maybe you will notice other header in your file , so you will need to google it or have a good guess good luck
you can find proper tools to unpack boot , recovery , system and data images here : mtk-tools thread of the author on xda developers , thank him : ) usage : ./unpack-MT65xx.pl boot.img ./repack-MT65xx.pl -boot &lt;kernel&gt; &lt;ramdisk-directory&gt; boot.img 
it is not the hardware gang , it is a programming flaw in ice cream sandwich . my galaxy blaze 's compass worked flawlessly until i upgraded from gingerbread to ics . it seems like they misconnected or merged two of the axies or improperly handled the data .
had a nexus s and experienced the same issue , which was not present in the nexus one . though my online research , the unofficial stance was that this is a hardware defect in the product line that samsung and google either did not notice or noticed too late to do anything about . the most appropriate place to complain about this would be the google product forums . here 's a thread where this issue is being discussed . http://groups.google.com/a/googleproductforums.com/forum/m/#!topic/mobile/8odgvdpy5wk . . . an alternative would be the call samsung up and see if they will acknowledge that its a hardware flaw . unfortunately , i am not aware of any fixes for the issue , and have found that although the work around ( calibration ) helps , the problem either does not completely go away or recurs soon after . just to confirm , the behavior i noticed was : in programs that display compass data ( like marine compass ) rotating the phone results in a partial rotation in the sensor data , followed by an unexpected 90 degree phantom rotation , according to the phone . this puts the displayed barring out of step with the true direction the phone is pointing . in programs that try to display the full orientation of the phone including the direction it is pointing ( like sky map ) the display is shakey , and seldom provides a true indication of where the phone 's actually pointing . smoothing options result in slightly less shake , but the difference is marginal . in spite . of this , games that depended on changes in orientation alone ( like those games with the metal ball-bearings you need to guide through a maze--labyrinth , if i am not mistaken ) worked flawlessly . i decided to upgrade to a galaxy nexus , and noticed that the compass works like it should , and labyrinth games continue to work . sky map , however is still jumpy .
tasker or llama should both be able to accomplish this , from what i understand , though i have never tested them with taking pictures .
this device can be rooted using the zergrush exploit ( which is the base exploit in the gingerbreak app ) . to root : make sure you have the zte adb drivers installed ensure usb debugging is enabled on your device download this zip folder and extract the contents with your zte connected to your computer in usb debugging mode , run the batch file - this will use the zergrush exploit to gain temporary root , and will then push the su binaries , as well as setting suid to make permanent root work correctly source
yes , it can . gsm and later phone protocols automatically adjust the phone 's transmit power according to the strength of the signal it gets from the cell tower . it is just like how , if you are talking to someone and you can not hear them very well ( because they are a long way away , or in a noisy environment ) , you will tend to talk louder or shout , but if you can hear them clearly ( they are right next to you ) , you will talk more quietly . the phone works the same way . of course , for the phone , " talking more loudly " means putting more power into its transmitter , so the battery will be drained faster . if you switch to a network that has cell towers further away from where you spend most of your time , your phone will be using more transmit power more often , so it will use energy more quickly . note that it is the received strength that matters ( i.e. . how much attenuation there is ) , not the quality of the signal , so you may find this happens even if you get a better signal overall . cell handover , when you move from one cell to the next one , also takes more power , and your new network 's better internet speed might be a result of having denser cells in your area , leading to more handovers . finally , the worst thing for a phone is being completely out of range , because it has to periodically transmit on the maximum power to try to get a response from a cell tower . ( this is why it is especially important to turn your phone off for a flight : once the plane gets out of cell range , all the phones will start blaring out as loudly as they can . ) it is possible that your new network 's coverage is much better at your home and your office , but during your commute , you have not noticed that you leave the service area completely , and so your phone starts draining the battery then . in summary , there are lots of factors , so it is hard to predict the effect of changing network operator , but it can have an effect . of course , that does not stop it being a coincidence in your case .
many other users experienced the same things however the suggested thing :- you may be satisfied by the provided solution . it is deep sleep related . please download cpu spy from the market , and take a look at % at a single frequency . reset the timers and immediatelly press on/off button to put the phone in sleep . after lets say one minute being in " deep sleep " , refresh the timers so you get the actual usage , and checked the deep sleep time . in gsm only mode , it will not almost one minute , as it should , maybe 30 secs . in wcdma you will get almost 1 minute of deep sleep . and this is the reason why the phone is draining the battery quickly . - says a user . check the thread below : http://www.modaco.com/topic/346890-gsm-only-mode-drains-battery-abnormally/
in my experience i found that a gsm internet connection consumed less energy than a wcdma . ( can not tell about lte , since the signal strength is insufficient in my area ) . so by having " faster " internet , this might be the reason for higher battery consumption . another possibility is signal strength . the stronger the signal you are receiving , the less battery is used . but since you spoke about having a stronger signal , this seems not to be the case . maybe you double-check if signal quality is also improved on wcdma , in contrary to gsm .
the primary purpose of easy mode is to make the customization and use of a smart phone simpler and easier ( usually for a first-time smartphone user or non-techy user ) . easy mode vs normal mode for android is quite similar to apple vs android --> apple is often simpler , but less customizable . if you just want to use your phone , easy mode will be easier for you . you will not have all of the same home screen customization options ( but then again , you might not need them ) . easy mode gives you 3 default home screens , a simpler settings menu , and a simpler camera interface . if you love customizing the crap out of your phone , do not use easy mode . you will then enjoy a full settings menu , fully customizable home screens , the full camera interface , and more . here are some resources i found for you on google ; ) http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000003/10091/120408 http://www.digit.in/mobile-phones/understanding-easy-mode-on-the-samsung-galaxy-s4-14698.html
i know you do not want to add the birthdatr into your google address book , and that is fine . the method i use still require to put that info online , but what i did is i created a birthday calendar on gcal . i creates an entry for each birthday in that calendar and set a yearly recurrence . you can also set a reminder for each of them if you want to . and since it is a separate calendar , you can toggle it off or on at will . hope that helped or gave you an idea of what you actually want to implement . good luck : )
the only way is , to create a new unsynced calendar in your calendar app on android . but you have to create each birthday on your own .
you might want to try ebobirthday ( http://www.ebomike.com/android/ebobirthday/ ) . you can enter the dates manually . it can also import from facebook . hope that works for you .
install my new open source app birthday adapter : http://code.google.com/p/birthday-adapter/
to move some of system folders ( /system or /data ) , to external emulated sd card , you need to do following : firstly , /data contents ( for example ) should be placed on sdcard . initially they are loaded by emulator from userdata . img file . so you need to copy userdata . img ($EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/userdata.img) contents to sdcard . iso . $&gt; dd if=userdata.img of=sdcard.iso i assume , that android virtual device is created . to change boot configuration , you will need to change fstab . goldfish file on ramdisk . img . if it is android 4.4 avd , then ramdisk . img could also be find at $EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/ create a temporary folder , say ramdisk-ext $ mkdir ramdisk-ext change directory to ramdisk-ext $ cd ramdisk-ext extract the ramdisk . cpio in the ramdisk-ext folder $ gunzip -dcv ../ramdisk.img | cpio -idm modify fstab . goldfish $ gedit fstab.goldfish in such way : string #6 from "/dev/block/mtdblock1 /data ..." to "/dev/block/mmcblk0 /data ..." create new ramdisk $ find . | cpio -H newc -o | gzip -9 &gt;../ramdisk_new.img everything is done , now you need to start the emulator , with your new ramdisk and custom sdcard:$ ./emulator -avd $AVDNAME -sdcard sdcard.iso -ramdisk $EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/ramdisk_new.img p.s. notice that in this example you can move only one of such folders ( /system or /data ) . maybe it could be changed , by creating sdcard image with several partitions .
whatsapp broadcast list may help you , i am not %100 percent sure but it says " you should use broadcast lists to message multiple people at once . " and as long as it is not group the others dont see the individual replies ( i think )
i used go sms pro with previous android . has an ad at the top of each screen unless paid for . good functionality .
try to install the email app directly from google play store . if this app is shown as incompatible on your device , side-load it by downloading it from here , enabling the Unknown sources in settings -> security , and installing the apk ( either by tapping the apk in the download manager , or via adb from your pc : adb install -r &lt;path-to-apk&gt; ) . keep in mind though that this version sometimes breaks the exchange functionality on some mostly non-nexus devices . in order to resolve this , you need to also install a copy of latest exchange2google . apk app that is available for download from here or here . you do not have to install it as a system app , just side-load it in the same manner as described above .
as referred in the whatsapp faq : in the unfortunate case that your phone gets lost or stolen , we can help make sure that no one can use your whatsapp account . as soon as possible you should call your mobile provider to lock your sim card . then , it will not be possible to verify the account on that phone again as you need to be able to receive sms or phone calls to verify an account . after you have locked the sim in your stolen phone , you can use a new sim with the same number to activate whatsapp on your new phone . this is the fastest way to deactivate your account on the stolen phone . whatsapp can only be activated with one phone number on one device at a time . if you are not ready to activate whatsapp on a new phone with the same number we can deactivate your account . email us with your phone number in the full international format as described here . please note that we are not able to help you locate your phone . remote whatsapp deactivation from another device is not possible . important : even with the sim card locked and phone service disabled , whatsapp can be used on wi-fi if you do not contact us with an account deactivation request . more important details about deactivated accounts : when your account is deactivated , it is not completely deleted . while your account is deactivated : your name is still on your contacts ' favorites / select contact lists . your contacts can send you messages , which will remain in a pending state for up to 30 days . if you reactivate your account before it is deleted , you will receive any pending messages on your new phone and you will still be in all of your group chats . if a deactivated account is not re-activated within 30 days , it will be completely deleted . note : since your chat history is stored on your device , we cannot retrieve your previous messages .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 running the default 2.3.3 gingerbread and from within the phone/contacts app , selecting a contact and then scrolling to the groups section allows me to check and uncheck whichever groups i wish this particular contact to be a part of . naturally , make sure you are saving your contacts as " google contacts " and not simply " phone contacts " .
thus far , there appears to be no answer . the best alternative appears to be that you can log into gmail on a pc and add your new contact to an existing group . will change the answer to this question if a valid answer pops up .
you can fix android force close error by going through the solutions given in the presentation tutorial . find it here http://www.slideshare.net/stenaglass/android-force-close-error-fix i am hopeful that you will resolve your problem as i have already fixed it ! wish you best of luck .
this most likely a problem with the program itself . try sending in your issue to the actual developer team . also most likely you can say force stop on the application instead of deleting and reinstalling .
that is another xy problem question : you ask how to establish your suggested solution , instead to ask how to solve your real problem , which is your actual concern . for this task , you do not even need any custom rom . take a look at andmade share -- this app lets you customize your share menu on any rom , not even root is needed : as you can easily see , this app lets you . . . select ( filter ) the apps appearing in the list ( as your question required ) change the order in which they appear in the list ( e . g . put your most frequently used apps on top )
the connector must be a bit loose ( or incorrectly sized ) and as it wiggles around in the socket , it hits the connectors in a way that makes the phone think it is equipped with a mic ( that is , a trrs plug instead of trs ) . try another pair of headphones or try twisting and aligning the plug/cord so that there no pull or twist in the root of the cord .
i had this problem with a trs to trs cable , but not with trs headphones . it maybe improper sleeve length due to the housing being irregular .
there is an easy method . go to notification panel by swiping from top to bottom . you can see all missed calls
you could change the way the logs are " viewed by " . go to logs--> settings--> view by--> all logs . if it is already on all logs , then quite possibly the logs are full , try deleting some or all of the logs .
go to logs , press Menu , select View by , then select All logs .
though not the identical issue , the solution provided with the question download stuck in gmail solves it as well : clear the cache of the download manager . to do so , go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , switch to the " all " tab , scroll to the " download manager " . tap that entry , and hit the button labeled " clear cache " . optionally , also tap " clear data " , if cache-cleaning alone does not solve the issue .
have you installed usb otg helper just recently ? did it " coincide " with windows refusing to recognize your device ? if so - that is your answer . go ahead and disable the application . and do not re-enable it until you actually need it . and then disable it again when you want to connect back to your pc .
this blog has a simple way of initiating a call via the command line . service call phone 2 s16 "+18001231234" . combine that with vi0 's answer , and you could have a script to dial a phone number by pressing the button . i have not tested this to see if dialing 911 would work , but i do not see why not ( unless android specifically disallows that ) .
i started implementing my own solution for my device . here ( source ) is a program that ( started as root ) will allow you to start shell scripts using series of button presses . currently having started this monitor ( andrhard 66 /h/andrhard &lt; /dev/input/event2&amp; ) i can easily toggle the flashlight without unlocking the phone ( using /sys/class/leds/lv5219lg:fled/brightness ) now the problems is how to call/answer from shell scripts . . .
in phones with cyanogenmod rom you have voice dialer facility . launching it will vibrate the phone with a beep informing you that it is ready to receive your voice input . speaking to it like " call john " or " call 911" etc will make the device to call . to enable this to work without the touchscreen you may have to configure the hardware keys . to do so , go to settings-> system-> hardware keys . enable the custom actions and you can configure the search key 's long press event for launching voice dialer .
go to start . type device manager . do you see some icon with a yellow triangle exclamation mark in it ? if so , you probably did not install any drivers . install the samsung usb driver or the google usb driver .
when you do a factory reset/data wipe , it does not put anything back from the stock firmware . when you install a new rom , doing the reset just puts it in the " new " state for that rom . to restore back to stock , you will need to download the stock rom for your device from samfirmware ( or another place if you know of one ) . then you can use odin or heimdall to restore the device back to its original state . these are the steps that i took when i initially reverted my device back to stock ( keep in mind this was about a year ago , so the files ( version ) used probably changed , but steps should be the same . i could not give you downloads for everything because you did not say what device you have . samsung made like 8 different versions of the galaxy s . you will need the usb drivers for your device if you do not have them installed download odin download 512 pit download jfd tar note that all 3 of those are from the same thread . it also would not hurt for your to read that post too . open odin , plug in your phone , then put it into download mode . to expand on this because a lot of people were asking " how to put in download mode " . the easiest way i found to actually do it , if you can can connect via adb is to do the following : # reboot download if you can not get that to work , try how i mention below ( phone off , battery out , hold vol+ and vol- ) , or try searching these forums for " vibrant download mode " you will find other things that " work " for people load the pit file in appropriate area . load the . tar file in the pda area . do not check ' re-partition ' . click start , let it finish . hopefully odin does not fail for you here , but it did for me , dont panic at this point odin failed on me . and i got the " mobile- ! -pc " image . now , pull your battery and unplug usb i also took out the sim and sdcard at this point . bring the phone to download mode again plug the usb back in ( the phone should be off ) hold down vol+ and vol- put battery back in press power re-run odin as mentioned above ( if needed )
it is entirely up to the app what links to handle . if the facebook app is not written to handle the " unusual kind of link " you describe , you can not make it handle it .
create a separate google account for your brother 's account . import your brother 's sim 's contacts to that google account . ok- here 's the idea i have : back up all your existing contacts to sd card . open your contacts app and press menu > import/export > export to sd card . a . vcf file will be created with all your existing contacts . using my files or astro or a file manager of choice , save / copy this backup file to another location as well . optional step - you can create a separate google account for your brother so his imported contacts are pushed/synced there . turn on airplane mode - this way there is no chance of any changes being made to your google account contacts ( added safety ) . wipe all your contacts - from within the contacts app , press menu > delete and choose all contacts . ( this is also rather optional , depending on whether you wish to sync to a google account or not ) . turn your phone off and insert your brother 's sim . turn your phone on . you currently have no contacts . from within your contacts app , press menu > import / export and choose import from sim - it'll ask where the contacts should be imported to - phone / list of google accounts . depending on your process , either choose the phone or the new google account and you ought to be done . you can either sync the new contacts to the new google account or export them to a . vcf on your sd card . this is just a rough idea of how you can do things . the end process is yours to tweak to your liking and needs .
UnifiedEmail is a library shared by both email and gmail applications . " email " here being the aosp email client . an example would be enter subject in an email and here is an example of someone importing that functionality into a project . this is the actual wording of the readme , which to be honest , is not the most helpful ( hightlighting my own ) . it is ambiguous ( to me at least ) whether it is an actual application you install with a shortcut , as the manifest appears not to add it to the launcher , i can only assume it is for testing , not to be used as an actual app in the traditional sense . this is a temporary directory that is being used to enable email and gmail content to be shown in the unifiedemail application this code should only be used for development . for shipping , this code ( or something similar ) should go in the gmail/email overlay of unifiedemail . but for now , this allows us to use a single application to test multiple content sources this code is just a shim to register existing accounts ( gmail and email ) from the device with the accountcacheprovider . all subsequent uris will actually be handled by the appropriate application .
auto sync should be enabled for checkboxes to appear . without auto sync on , the checkboxes did not appear .
yes . i too have an archos 70 and had this same issue . all i did was to turn it off , then reboot it in"recovery mode " . turn off the device and wait 10 seconds . press and hold the volume + button while powering on the device . keep the volume + pressed until the recovery mode starts ( white screen ) . to move from one option to another , use the volume buttons . to select an option , press the on/off button . then proceeded to run " check disk " . all returned to normal after the tablet was then rebooted .
i found a post on another forum regarding this same problem on an archos 5 . here 's a post that seems to explain a workaround for this problem : low memory conditions do crazy things with android on the 5a . poor memory management yielding : increased response time , extended slowdowns , freezing , reboot , and the like . to make this even worse , the android archos 5 usually gives us no warning . what to do ! ? ! turn on settings> sound and display> audible selection then you get a " click " each time you tap a screen selection . the warning : not hearing the click after a tap the action : wait until you hear the tap " click " . as android matures with better memory management this will go away . maybe google with fix it this year , especially if android devices get more market penetration . i would give this a shot and see if you end up seeing this error less frequently . the whole thread makes it sound like these archos devices have issues with memory management , leading to a crash when the ram gets full .
you need to remount the system partition as read-write , it is read-only by default . mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system 
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
i am not sure i understand the reason for the 2nd pc . you can push and pull from/to multiple android devices ( emulators and physical handsets/tablets ) connected to one machine via adb . command " adb devices " will return all of the connected physical devices as well as emulated ones , e.g. : List of devices attached emulator-5554 device HT035P90XXXXX device  where " emulator-5554" is the emulator , and the other is a physical handset . from there on you can target a specific device with adb 's "-s [ serial_no ] " switch . for example : adb -s emulator-5554 shell  or adb -s HT035P90XXXXX pull /system/app/Music.apk c:\  or any other adb command .
yes . on your second pc , set the environment variable ADBHOST to the ip address of the first pc and run the adb server and client . related steps ( more detailed ) are here . although you are not connecting to a physical device , it is apparently also possible to do so over the network without using usb . instructions for that are here .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
the black screen is probably related to ' lag ' . this lag can be caused by a number of things . on the samsung galaxy s its a ' known ' problem that the memory used for main storage is pretty slow . especially when another app is writing a lot of data ( mostly big downloads and marketplace updates ) when i am updating applications or creating a lot of data traffic i generally just do not use my device for anything while those apps are busy , this should help you too prevent the ' black screen of lag ' on your device .
i have seen this before , it seems to be when the application is loading or switching back into the foreground while the os is busy doing something else . seems more likely to occur when in the middle of a sync or while happening to receive a text message or some other notification causing event .
facebook have a separate app these days called facebook messenger , this has both facebook 's chat and inbox features in it . why they have split it out into a separate app now , i do not know , but this should give you what you are after : facebook messenger is a faster way to send mobile messages to friends . with messenger , you can send and receive messages with any of your friends around the world or anyone in your mobile contacts list . messenger is available on iphone , android , and blackberry . messenger lets you : send messages instantly to other friends who have messenger chat with friends who are on facebook get free push notifications for incoming messages
strangely , this does not appear to be possible in tasker , by default . however , i see there is the autoshortcut app on google play which is meant to allow it . interestingly , tasker itself will tell you about autoshortcut ( complete with a link to google play ) if you press the magnifying glass icon when attempting to add a plugin action to a task ( i will update this answer with screen shots when i get around to it ) . theoretically , it should also be possible using the Send Intent action , but that seems way more complicated than should be necessary for such a simple task . if autoshortcut does not work for you , let me know , and i can try to figure out what the intent settings should be .
my advice would be to switch to automagic . what you are asking is a simple matter of selecting the " class " option in " launch app . " it gives you a complete list of available " shortcuts " to launch . automagic has 90% of the functionality of tasker , and requires fewer plugins . however , it will also use all the plugins tasker can use . also , the interface is a hundred times easier to learn .
if your device is rooted , you could use AdAway to block advertisment of almost any kind on your device . the app uses android 's hosts-file to block/redirect queries to online adresses hosting advertisments . in other words , every time an app tries to load advertisment from a specific online source , it is very likely that AdAway successfully redirects or blocks that attemp . in that case , the advertisment simply will not appear at all , resulting in an ad-free experience while using your phone . sadly , though , google decided to take down ad-blocking apps like AdAway for violating android 's developer distribution agreement . if you wish to use AdAway anyway , you will have to resort to third-party-sources . please note that this bears significant security risks . proceed at your own responsibility ! make sure the installation of apps from unknown sources is allowed in system settings under security . download and install F-Droid open F-Droid , search for and install AdAway . open AdAway and grant root-access when asked . click on Download files and apply blocking . that is it , you are all set . you can refine some of the app 's configuration under settings , e.g. automate the update of hosts file process .
better way - block it on that site . try installing adblock plus for android . according to adblock plus official website it " blocks banners , pop-ups and video ads - even on facebook and youtube " .
for me , this worked well : source
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
" project butter " is google 's name for the ui latency enhancements implemented in android 4.1 jelly bean . any android device running android 4.1 or later will have those enhancements . remember , though , that software is only part of what makes an interface smooth and 4.1 is not a cure-all for lag . slow hardware will result in a slow ui regardless of the os . your best bet is to find a tablet with 1 ) 4.1 or higher , 2 ) good specs , and 3 ) good reviews of its performance .
you can set it to stay on as long as it is plugged in . to do that go to menu -> settings -> applications -> development and choose stay awake .
i think you are searching for this app keep screen lite . it allows you to keep your mobile always awake for some of the applications . you can set the applications to not to screen timeout .
let me just warn you , the nexus s has a super amoled screen and you can burn in the images on the screen . i have burn-in of the time and the notification bar on my screen . it is only noticeable when i have light colored wallpaper , but it is there . samsung even removed the " stay awake " option from the galaxy s vibrant line ( possibly others as well ) in their touchwiz ui . the nexus s will still have it , because it is a vanilla android . the screen is also one of the biggest consumers of power , so if you leave your screen on all the time , when not charging , expect to see poor battery life .
you can not use kies with custom roms ( like cm ) , only with samsung roms .
acccording to this xda thread , it does not support glonass they ran gps tests on both galaxy note and htc one x , the former of which does officially support glonass ; and the former showed 2x the amount of detected satellites .
you pretty much answered yourself : you move your apps to your sd card , then you unmount your sd card . no sd card -> the apps in it are not there anymore -> android considers they have been deleted .
try leaving yourself voicemail , then listening to it , then deleting it . ( sounds like something i had to do a few years ago )
long-press on the notification and you should get a little " app info " box . hit that , then hit " force stop " . if the app info box does not appear , go into settings -> application manager -> all , find the phone app , and force stop it . that should send the notification packing . if it comes back , the problem is t-mobile sending out erroneous " you have voicemail " announcements and you will have to talk to them about it .
figured it out by looking around the system files . apparently , it is stored in /system/media/theme/default/ in the file called icons which is just a zip file without an extension . simply extract icons and i got the stock icons i needed .
as you described the app icons are placed at the end of the list , the most likely reason lies in the order of things done during the boot process : the sdcard is mounted after the system broadcasts its BOOT_COMPLETED event , so apps moved to the card become visible later than those installed on device storage . with a little unlucky timing , the app drawer is already initialized before mounting of the sdcard is completed , so those apps are added afterwards , and thus to the end of the list ( as it , btw , is probably done as well with apps you install ) . there are multiple solutions to this : of course , you can move those sdcard-installed apps back to device storage , but that is not always an option ( especially with only little device storage available on some devices ) . alternatively , you could simply check a different launcher , as not all launchers behave the way described . many launchers i have tried automatically sort the app drawer , so even when i have just installed a new app it appears normally in alphabetical order .
after a number of attempts , found this distro at github : update . zip had to replace updater-binary to another version matching my phone ( took it from verified and working firmware ) . next , modified updater-script to look like this :
i have since found that this is neither a push message nor a cell broadcast . i disabled both , yet still received these . one of the two was already disabled by default , can not remember which . apparently by inserting the sim card , i got an " app " called " mts menu " . this is the app that shows the messages . using app master , i found that this app comes from /system/app/stk . apk : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; " stk " appears to stand for sim application toolkit , basically a feature of sim cards that enables operators to bundle " value added services " , aka bundleware/crapware . it is really stupid that android comes not only with this feature enabled , but also makes the source of these pop-ups very difficult to trace .
you can turn sync on/off for each app individually from the main device settings . under the accounts list , click on an account to turn sync on or off for that account . alternatively , you can simply turn off notification sounds for all apps . use the volume rocker to bring up the volume control , then click the settings icon to expand the volume control into separate controls . the speech bubble with an exclamation mark is the volume for notifications : drag that slider all the way to the left to mute notification sounds without affecting music volume . there is slider with a phone icon lets you mute the phone ringer independently . in addition , some phones have a blocking mode or driving mode which disables notifications completely . on recent samsung phones , you can reach this from the quick settings panel in the notification tray . tapping the icon in the quick settings panel turns it on and off , and long-tapping it takes you to the settings for that feature .
yes it is perfectly safe . but u should be rooted to remove it . i have removed play-store on my galaxy fit a long time ago , reason being it always triggered the installation of google play services .
was your phone rooted ? i do not think whatever the problem was you are going to be able to get the app 's data back . you can re-download them , but that is all , i think .
are you sure you had your apps in internal memory not memory card ? go to setting -> storage option and check if there is any space allocated for apps . if no space then your phone must have been formatted
as you already figured out , there is sshelper hosting its own .apk . but you might also wish to check with f-droid , and find out there are even more sshd 's to download without using google play store . edit : as it turns out , i was not aware f-droid also features forums , and the above are only forum links . to compensate : you can also find some ssh server apps on 1mobile , e.g. ssh server . the website allows you to simply download the .apk from your browser , no login required . other than with f-droid , i am not sure concerning their reputation , though . apart from that : in my experience , it is always worth checking the resp . dev 's website , where they sometimes host their own .apk files for download . if not , asking them helped me as well : )
answer : i was using the cable that samsung provided with the phone solution : go get a usb&lt ; > miniusb cable that was provided with a digital slr a few years back and use that instead . the s4 now appears in the adb output and in kies just fine . &lt ; sarcasm&gt ; thankyou samsung&lt ; /sarcasm&gt ;
if using a better cable does not work be sure to enable the usb debugging feature under developer options > debugging
as noted in the comments - this is just the launcher you are running . there are many different launchers you can try which may look slightly or completely different . some good launchers to try are : chameleon go launcher nova launcher tsf shell
essentially , you can not . this feature was removed from the 4.0 version of google talk , and is discussed somewhat in the android police review of the changes from 2.3 to 4.0 . there is no setting that will bring back the icons . however , when you have a chat open with someone ( provided that they do not have a custom status message set ) it will inform you at the top if they are on a mobile device : my hunch would be that google does not really want you to care about this when you are on your phone . they want the google talk app to be as seamless and integrated as possible , and they want you to use it regardless of what device the other person happens to be connected with at the time .
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
i believe its being caused by a certain combination of buttons at the bottom of the screen . i have not found a workaround , but here is something you can do to , at least not to store images ( its not much , but something ) . it creates a directory " screencaptures " to store images in ; if you delete it , it will be simply recreated . so , instead , in the same directory , create a file with that name . every time a screen is captured , it will complain that it cannot be stored , so at least you will not have to worry about deleting those images .
because google text-to-speech is not really an app : it is a library app . that is , it does not have a user interface for you to interact with ; rather , it offers an interface to other apps to use its functionality . other apps on the phone can give text to google text-to-speech for it to speak out loud . it is up to the author of the app in question to use the facility offered by google text-to-speech : only apps that have been written to use it can do so . so if you want firefox to use google text-to-speech to read out web pages , you need to file a feature request with mozilla ( the organization that develops firefox ) asking them to support this . for the same reason , the way you use it in an app that does support it , such as google play books , is different from app to app . there might be a button or menu item to read text out , or there might be a setting to make the app read things out automatically .
like you , me too got fed up with all these text to speech apps available and features . i just want tts to read a blogpost on google chrome . . . . but cant help . all these apps are of no use for screen reading or webpage reading since almost all thegood ebook reader have this feature and google text to speech is of no added advantage . in my iphone3gs i could do this just by selecting the text , either on whats app , fb , browser etc but not in android . somehow after trying more than 11aps i just found an app called " speakit " . i hopethis will solve the purpose .
you should be able to do this from the settings of the camera app , rather than the system settings .
gmail app did not have this option yet . you can try this app . its called contacts GroupU . it will list all groups and just press and hold on any group and select send Email . then there will be a pop up with Gmail app listed in it . select it . you are done .
aha ! ok i am no where near a cellular expert but based on a wild guess i searched for carrier apns and found here a list of apns per carrier per country . i guess these are always required but somehow cyanogenmod is not configured to determine these codes automatically . while this may help others facing the same problem , i hope someone with real insight shares the knowledge
google supports photo syncing , but you can disable this . if you have google+ installed , disable auto backup . open the app 's settings , and go to Auto Backup &gt; OFF . disable google photo sync . on your phone 's settings , go to System settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; username@gmail.com &gt; Sync Picasa Web albums . make sure sync is disabled . update 2013-11-22: as per damien golding , it is also worth noting that the settings of the camera must be checked . in his case , google photo sync was on in the Albums setting .
unfortunately it is a common policy for resellers to cancel the warranty if the buyer upgrades the rom . several manufactures though allow upgrading for their official roms , but i am afraid this is not the case for freelander , for which unfortunately i have not found any official rom ( at least not in chinese ) . i am not sure what are the legal aspects of such policies . in any case there is a risk involved when upgrading a device that the device may be ' bricked ' , ie be rendered unusable if something goes wrong . now regarding the roms for the particular device , i believe i have found mainly two alternatives . the first is to use a rom from a similar ainol device . the link for the rom is http://pan.baidu.com/share/link?shareid=352175935uk=420337580 ( use google translate to identify the download button which should be the second at the right hand side ) . the update procedure along with some testimonials can be found on : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/82866-android-422-on-freelander-pd80-wise/ according to those testimonials , the only thing not working properly after the upgrade is the front camera . the second alternative is to use one of the cyanogenmod roms ( 10.2 or 11 ) for allwinner a31 device . in the above links you can find all relevant information , along with whatever may go wrong . i have not yet evaluated any of these but i will eventually as i own such a device and the existing rom is nonsense . please provide any feedback when available .
no i do not think you can do that directly with vlc . but you could use another app like bubbleupnp or upnplay , they are made for the purpose .
well you can play music with vlc but only through another app . i did it like this : downloaded es file explorer on your android device of course : ) when you open the Es File Explorer you will see 3 icons top center ( local , pc and cloud ) : click on the middle one ( pc icon ) a new page just opened . bottom left corner click on new : after that just fill in the necessary fields and save . now you can brows through you nas and listen to all the music and even watch movies if you have any :
just few minutes before i again rooted my lgp500 running v2.3.3 stock v20d . i used superoneclick v2.3.3 and rooting was just a cake walk . i charged my phone fully and installed lg 's drivers and enabled usb debugging support . in the superoneclick 's ui , i just clicked root and waited for few tense minutes . phone restarted automatically and after that the ui said rooting was successful . it is not clear what you ask about booting , i just switched on normally and phone works normally . update : found a link as asked . . .
maybe this could help : fix digitizer issues - google-suche https://www.google.de/search?q=fix+digitizer+issues possible fix for digitizer/touch screen issues - xda-developers http ://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1459569 [ resolved ] touch screen/digitizer issues ( random inputs/not accepting touch input ) - android forums http ://androidforums.com/htc-one/728735-resolved-touch-screen-digitizer-issues-random-inputs-not-accepting-touch-input.html fix digitizer problems yourself http ://www.thoracic.org/education/mobile-musings/articles/august-2006.php
i have been using the touchdown client for the past month and have been very pleased with how will it works with our exchange server . not free , but worth a look imho .
i really like enhanced email . it is a paid app ( though i got it free from one of the amazon app of the day promotions ) , and i have used it as my main client for over a year . i really like all the options and customizations you can set , and it syncs with exchange as well as standard pop and imap protocols .
here are 4 free options . . . 1 ) the pindroid app : it is a port from deliciousdroid and was just added to the market yesterday . it looks pretty sweet . here 's some screenshots . 2 ) save the pinboard . in bookmarklet as a bookmark : ( this is still my favorite option ) this works particularly well in dolphin browser hd ( but it'll also work in other browswers ) . just create new bookmark , name it pinboard share and paste the above text in as the location . when you are on a site you want to save , slide open the bookmarks toolbar and click your pinboard share and it'll bring up the popup share window with the url and title already filled in . personally , i like saving it as a gesture in dolphin to make it even easier . if you do not want to have to enter anything in , here 's the code for the " read later " pinboard bookmarklet that'll just save the url automatically to your " read later " list without prompting you to enter tags , or a description . i find this easy to do in a hurry then go back an organize later on my pc : 3 ) download bookmarklet free go to " custom services " and add your own . name it pinboard or whatever you want . in the " base url " field enter http://pinboard.in/add? then in the " title parameter " field enter title and in the " url parameter " field enter url . now when you choose to " share " from your browser , you will have all the regular options like email , twitter and any of the options you chose in bookmarklet free , including your new pinboard bookmarklet . ( note : it actually took a little while for the name to take for me , it was listed as " my service " for a while in my share menu . ) 4 ) post by email with your formatted pinboard email you can choose the share option on any page and email to to our pinboard account . the instructions to do this are on the pinboard how-to section . i prefer the first option i shared but this is a decent last resort .
save to pinboard .
i doubt that there is one one and that there will be one in the ( near ) feature . a look at stackwrap4j , the only java stackexchange library that runs on android , shows that the body ( the content ) of a post , which can be a question or an answer , is returned as plain string . the tex equations are just included as plain tex in that string and get rendered on the client side by the browser . so , for example , droidstack would need a tex library that parses the tex code and returns a picture with the compiled tex . and i am not aware of such a library for android .
hacker 's keyboard allows you to customize the size of the keyboard up to 3/4s of the screen . their suggestions dictionary is also pretty good at deciphering typos . alternatively , mash the keyboard with your palm and obtain a special typing wand . ; )
if you can get the apk of thumbnail , you can try to sideload it on your galaxy nexus . you can try swiftkey keyboard , it works well for me as i have fat fingers too .
there are a number of alternative on-screen virtual keyboard replacement apps on android market that support hindi and marathi languages . most should work on all recent android os version ( 2.2 and above . )
you could install an alternate launcher like nova and assign the buttons to do different things . alternatively you can flash a rom that has the home button going to google search by default .
galaxy s3 stock rom has s-voice on home key double press ( do a double click like with a mouse ) , its not google 's app but its not so bad at all . if you want to launch another app ( like google 's voice search ) , you need to decompile , edit and recompile the framework . jar of your phone to add that function . i would suggest you ask about the change in the cyanogenmod forum , since it should be fairly simple .
try this free app : to clipboard install it and it will be added as a new share option , so you can send there the url from chrome .
it just might be about your rom . i have the same version of chrome , on android 4.1.2 . when i select the url and long-press , i am getting a row of buttons , which of course includes a ' copy ' button .
you could workaround this problem by sending the page to gmail app , and there you can copy the url from the draft message body . then you can delete the draft from gmail .
turns out i was doing it wrong ( well at least on my my rom ) . you need to perform two double-taps . double tap the url . the first tap will select all of the url and the second will deselect it and give you the text cursor and that little text selection tab helper thing . double tap the url again to bring up the menu . or you can just keep quickly tapping until the copy menu appears . i find this whole process to be a bit unusual . other people are saying that they can long press to copy , so not sure if the above is specific to sony roms .
use share from more ( 3 vertical dots ) besides address bar . you will get copy to clipboard from various options of sharing . ( android 4.2.2 on sony xperia z )
most tablets that comes with the Bluetooth share app installed , and have a bluetooth option in settings , while not having a built-in bluetooth , typically indicates support for such dongles . i have used generic android tv box ( cdr-king brand ) with no bluetooth built-in but has a menu for it . plugging a bluetooth dongle to a usb port activated it . based on this , your tablet 's rom does not support bluetooth . my advice is to root it , and flash a custom rom with bluetooth support if applicable .
photosync ( sync to picasa ) might be your choice : photosync is tool for sync photos to picasa ( google photos ) . though limited , you can sync videos too . you can also sync photos among multi devices via picasa .
alternatively , you might want to take a look at apps like e.g. foldersync : foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . with this app you can define which folders shall be synced where , thus adapting everything to your very convenience . ( click images to enlarge ; source : google play )
the gallery is showing the instagram folder cause it scans the whole device and external storages and grab all folders with images . you can not sync that folder but can share once in a while with picasa so that process will upload images on that folder to picasa . and then picasa will sync that folder to your rest of the devices .
by default , as soon as wifi gets connected , the mobile network shuts down -- so you cannot use both simultaneously . which means : no , even a proxy allowing for exceptions would not do , as the other network simply is no longer available . quoting from cyanogenmod tracker : each time you activate wifi you will lose 3g connection . that is normal behaviour of android network manager . there were attempts on " hacking " that , as you can e.g. find here . this source from the stanford university also makes clear on the standard behaviour : given wifi is connected , then turn on 3g data connection . 3g connection will be automatically torn down by connectivity service . given 3g is connected , then turn on wifi connection . connectivity service will tear down the existing 3g connection . except from " hacking attempts " as described by the stanford example , i know of no solution to the issue .
if you look at your manage your kindle page on amazon ( the same page where you set the email address up ) you can see that the kindle email address is specifically assigned to one kindle device . if you had more than one kindle device , then you can assign different email addresses to each . the upside of this for kindle owners is that you and other family members can both have kindle 's on the same account ( and thus share books ) but you can avoid bombarding anyone else with your documents ( if you did want to send to both at the same time , you just list both addresses in the " to " box when you send the email ) . the fact that amazon do not allow you to set up an email address for any non-kindle device ( and i have the kindle app installed on my laptop as well as my phone ) suggests to me that they are keeping the conversion service as a " value-add " incentive for people who've bought a kindle device . it is also worth bearing in mind that the conversion process will use some of their computing resources and cost them ( albeit a tiny amount compared to the rest of their business ) this could be the reason that it is only open to paying customers .
there is a folder on your sd card called kindle . just move the book there . if you are having trouble downloading it , try dropbox . worked for me .
or you could use calibre from calibre-ebook . com tho convert your .mobi files to .epub files ( it does .epub to .mobi as well ) either singly or en mass , so you can read your books on all devices . hope this helps .
it currently does not sync outside content with your phone , no pdfs , txts , emails . . . only kindle books you get from amazon . i have tried to manually load pdfs with no luck . i believe the functionality is planned but not yet implemented .
it seems somewhat buried , but on my htc droid incredible i navigate to settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input . under other settings i can set " vibrate when typing . "
i think gary 's answer is correct for the ordinary keyboard , but on my phone , other haptic feedback is controlled by another setting , equally hidden away at : settings > sound > vibrate feedback ( right at the bottom ) for me ( htc desire hd ) , this enables haptic feedback on the dialler keypad , as well as on the touch-sensitive home , menu , back and search buttons .
there is the bluetooth pan profile which allows just that . it is included with cm7+ and from android 4.0 onwards ( or already 3.0 ? ) . bluetooth pan 's host ( the device that provides the internet ) acts as a router which does nat + issue dhcp adresses for its clients . there are also bluetooth dun profile apps that allow this ( they provide a virtual gsm modem and may also allow for more than 1 connection at a time ) : see host+client bluedun apps from mirko solazzi
depending on your mobile network operator one solution could be to change the apn of your mobile network connection to an invalid value . on most mobile networks you do not get a data connection without a valid apn - however on some you always get a connection independently of the apn name . there are plenty of tools that simplify apn setting/removing/changing - some examples : apn on/off apn manager apndroid
i honestly do not know if there is an easier way to do this but i just long-press the previously entered text , select all of the text ( the weird grid icon in the top right in text selection mode ) and hit backspace on the keyboard to delete it all . when the text area is blank it will no longer put the " draft " notification on the thread .
root it by flashing one of images available on the net . lifehacker has simewhat old instructions which worked for me . gcal runs fine it seems , but i have pretty annoying graphical glitch which i am sure is solvable . i used nookmanager image iirc
a phone connected through the usb , no . but if the phone is instead connected through bluetooth to the pc , you can try to turn on hfp ( hands free profile ) bluetooth profile service from your pc 's bluetooth stack . the only way i found this possible was from the bluesoleil bluetooth stack software where you can set the bluetooth to parade as a " headset " instead of " laptop/desktop " and hence your phone can connect to the pc thinking it is a headset . however , bluesoleil is not free and the evaluation version allows only 2mb worth of voice data packets in one connection after which the connection is automatically interrupted .
open the website from a windows pc with firefox and this addon to view exactly what is saved into localstorage . . .
it varies from website to website . html 5 has a feature called local storage , which lets websites store a modest amount of data in the browser for future visits . they are a bit like cookies , but can be used to store more data . like cookies , different sites use it for different things . some sites ( most commonly web games ) use local storage to save the javascript and other files the site uses , so that you can keep using/playing it even when you do not have an internet connection . or they might use it as a cache for icons on the site , so it loads faster next time you visit . some sites use it to save your preferences on the site ( e . g . search options , or what posts you have read ) to give you the same view or content on multiple visits without you having to login and save preferences on the server . they might even use it for your content : for example , a forum site might save draft posts/comments in local storage before you post them , so your work is not lost even if you lose connection to the site while writing . because the data are not meaningful outside of the site , and only the javascript on the site knows how to interpret them , chrome does not offer a way to view or edit the data for each site . css tricks has a brief description of local storage , along with some examples of what sites do or might use it for .
you could try backing up your messages with something like sms backup and restore and then wiping the messaging apps data and cache .
i had a similar symptom once and it was caused by the sim card coming loose , so try this : turn the phone off completely , eject the sim card , replace the sim card , and turn the phone back on again .
yes you can , but the steps may be a little bit complicated , see the following blog post about ssh-ing over bluetooth .
it is not solution via bluetooth , but you can try application airdroid : airdroid on google play it has a lot features to synchronize your phone with your computer . you can play the music from your phone on laptop , just install this app on computer and on phone and sync them . edit : if you need to play music from laptop on your phone then try this app : soundwire
your laptop and your have to be in the same network . install mediahouse upnp/dlna on your phone . laptop needs to be on and run the app . that is it .
in pc : open windows media player switch to libraries view . then click the organize drop-down menu , select manage libraries , and choose music , pictures , or videos . a library locations window will open , in which you can add other folders simply by clicking the add button and browsing to the folders . now click stream select the option automatically allow devices to play my media click turn on media streaming [ if u get error " windows media stream is not turned on " click " windows service administrative tool " goto " windows media player network sharing service " double click on it in start type select automatic ] connect your android via bluetooth in android : launch bubbleupnp when it opens , tap the devices tab at the bottom of the main interface . assuming that your pc is on and connected to the network , and that streaming is enabled in wmp , your pc should show up in the select library list in the bottom half of the devices menu . select your pc in the list , and tap the library tab at the bottom ; you’ll then be able to choose from the music , videos , pictures , and playlists folders available on the pc
why not use a usb cable to connect the laptop with the phone ?
once you pair the phone to your pc , you should be able to playback audio from you pc to the phone if your phone supports a2dp .
according to the osi model , you can use any transfer protocol in any medium . so , it is possible . in fact , the standard transfer protocol for bluetooth is very similar to tcp . anyhow , i can not find any android application able to do it .
if you are talking about using your mobile phone as a tethering device over bluetooth then sure this is : pdanet is linux ( ubuntu etc . ) supported ? meanwhile only bluetooth dun is supported ( requires android 2.0 ) on linux . we are working on a linux port for usb tether but it may take a while . via junefabrics . com edit sorry for misunderstanding you . could any of the following mpd control applications on the android market help you ?
tcp/ip and bluetooth are different protocols . although , technically this would be wifi vs bluetooth . a wifi device ( which uses tcp/ip ) cannot communicate with a bluetooth device , they essentially speak different languages . it would be possible to have an application on your phone and computer which communicate via bluetooth and then the computer side could then send the necessary commands to the music player . you had have to develop , or get someone to develop , the apps though .
yes , you can see here that the htc 's rom is referred to as " internal storage " ( although it says 1.1 gb ) : http://www.htc.com/www/product/incredibles/specification.html .
first of all , remember that you can only do this with your birthdays and events that are in your google account contacts . not phone contacts . go to google.com/calendar from a computer . under other calendars in the left pane , click add . click Browse interesting calendars click More ( the more next to sports ) . on contacts ' birthdays and events , click subscribe . sync your contacts and calendar with your google account . after sucessful syncing , the events should appear in your handsets calendar . if you need to add the event details of your phone contacts , you need to export your phone contacts to your google account ( or to your gmail ) see this link for more info
you should not worry about art or dalvik since you have no control over which one they are using . assume they are using the slower one and go from there . art is far off anyway and even after its out as the default for android it will still probably be years before its the biggest chunk of the market . and art is still in beta so who knows how good or bad it will be after they optimize/fix all bugs , etc . do not worry about art right now unless it causes your app to crash . scala can be slower but if it decreases your overall development time then just use it . scala 's compiler is still evolving and the possible gap in equivalent code is shrinking .
not in the internal filesystem , but it may leave files on the sd card . apps on android are only able to write on two places within the filesystem /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; /mnt/sdcard/ or /sdcard the /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; directory gets deleted when you delete the app , so the only place where file cruft can be found is the sd card .
that depends , a lot of developers do not properly take care of their associated application 's data and may leave them lying around . the package manager uninstalls the apps from /data/data/..../ depending on the package name . for example , application myfoobarapp whose package name is org.foo.bar.app then this would be the spot - /data/data/org.foo.bar.app/ which would have the following : those five sub-directories are standard placeholders for the apps to function . and package manager will only remove those files and sub-directories upon un-install of said application . all too often , out of hindsight or bad code , the apps would not automatically clean up after themselves , such as placing temporary files on the /sdcard or heavens-forbid , in /data/local/tmp which incidentally , is the worst abuse of it as it is world writeable !
according to how to install clockworkmod recovery on sony xperia neo v this should be possible using unlockroot ( download ) , which requires a windows ( xp/vista/7 ) computer . the process is described at how to root android devices using unlock root tool , basically as follows : you should have a backup of your data ( for safety reasons ) your device should be fully charged usb drivers for the device should be installed on pc usb debugging must be turned on in the device connect the device to pc using usb cable run the downloaded tool , and click on “unlock root” , that’s it . another guide available is learn how to root the sony ericsson xperia neo v -- in case you are not satisfied with the described method ; ) good luck !
cyanogenmod - in a vanilla or official build - will not typically contain a bootloader . on many devices there is really no good way to even overwrite the bootloader because it is on protected memory ( the bootloader is " locked" ) and cannot be overwritten . it installs a boot image and a system image ( i.e. . writes to the /boot and /system partitions ) . i have heard that some builds will also come with a recovery image , but i have never seen one that did this . unlocking your sim is unrelated to your firmware , and cm will not perform a sim unlock for you . cyanogenmod 's wiki itself states : cyanogenmod , however , does not " unlock " the device . most carriers " lock " their handsets to prevent customers from buying a handset and moving to a different carrier . carriers depend on these " exclusivity " agreements to bolster revenue . for example : if you buy an iphone in the us , you are stuck with at and t or verizon , whichever you bought from . to use the handset on another carrier 's network it would be necessary to " unlock " the handset . this is done with a code based on the imei of the handset that can be provided by your carrier or firms on the internet that are slightly more reliable than a nigerian prince . unlocking cannot be done by installing cyanogenmod , or any other firmware for that matter . i would further assume that the bootloader on your device does not have any kind of bearing on the sim lock . htc allows bootloaders to be unlocked on certain devices , and their website specifically states : please note that unlocking your bootloader does not mean that you will be able to unlock the sim lock . unlocking your sim lock is at the discretion of your operator/carrier and is not part of the bootloader unlocking scope . i would guess this is likely similar on other devices , though i am not specifically familiar with huawei 's hardware or software .
no , cyanogenmod and other custom roms rely on your device 's bootloader . in general you do not want to mess with the bootloader since doing so is an easy way to brick your device . the bootloader does not really have anything to do with the sim lock usually . i do not know of an android-specific way to unlock this phone , which means you will probably need to use a paid service , which are generally pretty sketchy . a quick google shows that some people have had success with this tool .
you can use apps like quick boot or rebooter or some root apps have this feature to go to recovery mode . . use them
app permissions are defined in the code of the application ( the manifest to be exact ) and cannot be changed without actually " un-building " , changing and then rebuilding the apk again . the solution you are looking for is using permissions controlling/restricting applications . here are some examples for these kind of apps : lbe privacy guard pdroid app ops - permission manager
easy peasy : i was using adaway ( an app that blocks ads ) and somehow its tweaking of my hosts file was not accepted by python . yay ! :d
for the record : this works fine , so long as you are careful not to flash the userdata partition . i was able to follow the instructions from androidpolice for flashing the factory image , including removing the "-w " option from the " fastboot update . . . " command ( this prevents the update from wiping the userdata partition ) .
resetting to factory settings removes all personal settings , data and installed apps from the phone . it does not uninstall operating system updates and does not remove apps that your manufacturer or service provider have included in the system . it also ( normally ) does not delete data from your sd card . installing operating system updates on an android phone overwrites the previous version of the android operating system and does not keep any of the old os files . it is the same as if you upgraded a windows vista pc to windows 7 , you can not go back to vista on that pc without finding the original install disks , as it has overwritten and deleted the old vista files . the only way to go back to the previous version is if your manufacturer/network has made a copy of the old os files public that you can download and install .
when you reset factory settings , it will not downgrade firmware ( gingerbread to eclair ) . this is normal and expected bahavior
when you get the small white dialog with the green buy button , press the down-arrow in the top-right corner ( next to the price ) . then click on payment options and add credit or debit card .
as dan has detailed in his answer you can change it via the play store on your phone or you can manage your payment methods via the google wallet site . this should allow you to remove your old/damaged card and add a new payment method .
this problem seems to have resolved itself over night . this is only speculation , but my guess would be that some of the processing involved in converting a non-gmail google account to a gmail google account happens overnight . i woke up this morning and everything seems to be working perfectly again .
do a factory reset of your device ( remember to take app and data backup before doing the reset ) . if this does not solve the issue , it may be hardware issue ( either led gone bad or any physical damage happened ) .
basically , you can back up everything which has a " data provider " available -- as e.g. contacts , call-logs , sms , and the like . if you search the playstore for " backup " , it will give you a lot of apps for that . one of the best non-root backup solutions for this probably is mybackup pro , which covers most of it -- though there are a lot of apps offering to backup/restore parts . most other app 's data cannot be backed-up , however . some of them provide possibilities to export their settings ( and import them at a later point ) , others have dedicated backup apps ( i remember e.g. something like that for angry birds ) . for contacts and calendar , there is also the possibility to sync them with your google account . i would not , however , rely on the " google backup " for other things , as it is often reported to unsuccessfully restore . for that case , there are extra measures one can take . the easiest would be to logon to appbrain with your google credentials , and sync your installed apps . appbrain then allows you to save that as a list with their service : you can then use this list to restore all apps you put into it -- or you could even send it to a different device ( even a different user 's device ) for a " mass install " . in case you had some apps installed which are no longer available on the playstore , you could also take a look at appmonster : in its payed ( pro ) version , it also allows batch-install . plus , it captures each app you install/update and saves a copy -- which can be useful in the future as well : if some update breaks a functionality , you can ask appmonster to simply restore a previous ( captured ) version . and though this currently does not affect you ( as your android version is lower than 4.0 ) , just to mention for other users ( and your possible future device ) : starting with android 4.0 , there is the possibility for a full backup of non-rooted devices ( rooted users always have this possibility with titanium backup ★ root ) . data stored on your sd card should not be affected by the factory-reset .
try these : download the android sdk , and try the driver inside the sdk . check out this link : android lenovo adb interface driver
if you go through your apps list you can see all the apps that have permission to send texts ( or you could use appops to save having to click on every app ) , you can then narrow it down based on how reputable the app is , and/or doing web searches , once you thing you have narrowed down the app you can either , uninstall the app or block the permission using app ops , however if it was text secure that was the offending app , then you wont be able to tell as it has already been uninstalled .
as it seems you have tried resetting to factory defaults and re-flashing same update , i believe the causes might be caused by updated baseband . i would try reflashing different original firmware . you can also flash baseband only via flashtool so maybe it might be worth trying to flash baseband from the firmware that worked . ymmv . you can find links to download ftf ( original firmware ) for your device : build 4.1 . b . 0.587 - http://d-h.st/vft build 4.1 . b . 0.626 - http://goo.gl/hafwi build 4.1 . b . 0.631 - http://d-h.st/ivf sources and more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2047914 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1952333 http://www.flashtool.net/index.php
simple solution , just reflash radio for your device and it should work . if not contact your provider .
try flashing the latest ftf file from here . if you are already in . 631 build try flashing the baseband alone . ( try downloading the ftf file again and flash ) .
yes , it works . it is just a read error , but the installation is complete . on blade 2 , i had the same issue . nandbackup from cwm did not work - this is a stock rom flashed thru cwm , and it works : ) it is very likely a cwm issue .
you can use the dashclock widget and the dashclock whatsapp extension from google play and place the widget on your lock screen . dashclock widget : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.dashclock whatsapp extension : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stallware.dashclock.whatsapp
i opted factory reset and started all over again but without signing in gmail account and it worked the nagging voice tutorial is gone
to my knowledge-- all android stock browsers will keep the history forever . until the cache is manually wiped or wiped because of an ota update -- since i am pretty sure the updates wipe the cache before booting-- even still , i am pretty sure the browser 's cache is not touched in that process . i am quite certain you have nothing to worry about in terms of losing history . if you are running 4.0 . x ( i think it is exclusive to that version- you could check ) , you can get the chrome beta browser , which keeps your history in sync with your google account-- along with your bookmarks , and of course the history from any other machines you run chrome on . pretty neat .
i faced the same problem , which nearly drove me crazy . system : win7 64bit , eclipse/adk 64 bit , jre7 64 bit - latter copied from c:programs\java\ as " jre " under the eclipse folder . . . ( finally eclipse started ) . how i solved the lacking start of the emulator with an android virtual device : look under c:users\yourusername\ . android if you can find there a folder named \avd containing subfolders named after the android virtual devices you created . if that is not the case ( as it was on my machine ) then you probably have moved long ago your account 's user data via a symbolic link to some different location , as it was the case in my system . eclipse ( the virtual device manager of the adk ) will create the virtual devices there , but will search for them in the windows default c:users\yourusername\ . android path . locate the real folder with your user data , in my case it was : d:\win\users\yourusername where i finally found the avd-folders needed for eclipse : d:\win\users\yourusername\ . android\avd . . . ( 2 subfolders with the avd 's ) just copy the avd-folder ( in my example ) d:\win\users\yourusername\ . android\avd to the " usual " location , where eclipse looks for it , to c:\users\yourusername\ . android this enabled me to : start the virtual device and to load the hello world example from eclipse into it . what did not help : create an environment variable named android_sdk_home with the value d:\win\yourusername\ . android and add it to the environment variable paths list : path= . . . . ; %android_sdk_home% ; . . . . eclipse does not seem to search for such environment variables , but obviously rather relies on the presence of all of the files in the windows default locations of the user 's personal data . cheers
uncheck scale display to real size , it will work for you , or try to lower the screen size column .
try these steps create a environment variable called : ANDROID_SDK_HOME and set it to C:\Users\&lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; open Eclipse &gt; Window &gt; Preferences , click in Run/Debug and String Substitution . add a new variable called user.home and set it to C:\Users\&lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; create an avd and run it . note the &lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; means the name of your windows account ; it is where resides the folder which contains your .android directory an android project member says here : as a work-around , you can define the environment variable android_sdk_home to point to the directory containing your . android directory . the emulator and sdk manager will pick it up properly . also you should check that the avd is created in the location d:\nn\ . android\avd ( check in your screenshoots , just above the list of avd , the path in list of existin android virtual devices ) .
the problem is caused because the os thinks you connected your headphones . i saw that problem in ios some years ago . use this app to solve it : wiredheadphoneroutingfix
no it is not . it would be also possible to make the modified package have the same md5 as the original , so this would not be too secure . one solution is to remove your sim card and use a vpn app like tunnelbear vpn to circumvent regional restrictions or an alternative market like amazon app store or getjar .
this is pretty hard to do with software , since there are delays in the audio stream . the transmission from you phone 's bt to the headset can take up to 200ms , and the same for the reverse . therefore before sending the audio from the mic to the recipient , up to 400ms of audio would have to be sampled and cancelled , assuming that the bt connection is stable . usually this is done in the bt headset itself , but , as you said , it is a cheap chinese headset , so the circuits for this have been left out . as far as i know , the only settings in android regarding noise cancellation support only on-board noise cancellation mics . as for the muting solution , some phones use compression to boost the mic strenth , which will raise the noise levels when the person is silent . this would cause the mute to be always on .
the product description on brookstone 's site ( and the amazon one mentions this , too ) seems to indicate that you can not . they specifically list that there are receivers for iphone 3g/3gs and blackberry curve 8900 . you can not charge something without the receiver/case , so if they do not make one for the eris ( which it appears they do not ) then it will not work . that being said , you could always stop by or call your local brookstone and ask , i suppose .
eldarerathis is right . the powerplate is a two part system . 1 . the base and 2 . the receiver . the receiver clips onto the phone and is specific to the phone . it looks like the powerplate system replaces the battery cover on the blackberry and is a snap-on cover for the iphone . duracell makes an inductive charger that is compatible with the eris . powermat does not have an eris receiver but they have some universals . or you could hack your own solution .
it turns out that , they were all in the lost . dir folder with arbitrary names ( numbers ) -- so taking them from lost . dir folder and rename the files in that folder with.jpg extension recovers the images . for whom interested .
go to settings --> profiles . in the profile settings at the bottom is an entry for " system settings --> lock screen mode " . you can choose several settings , one of which is disable . you can disable lock screen by " disable " option or you can remove pin by " insecure lock screen " option . or turned off the screen , turned it back on and clicked on forgot in the right down corner . give google password and it will change lock method automatically back to slide . just try it .
in my case , i installed my own certificate which even on removing was some where present do not know where so ultimately i cleared up every thing and again tried to remove pin and it got removed . proper way would be settings--> security--> clear credential clear credentials is last option under security heading . and now u can change your pin setting--> security--> screen lock--> swipe/none whatever you feel comfortable with . enjoy :d
yes there was issue with battery drain but they had solved the issue and you can go for 4.1.2 and performance is good .
maybe you try two avenues : dolphin browser ( which does prompt for to clear cache , etc on exit ) , there is the mini version , this version as linked to the play store , and the hd version . history eraser - this clears all the history of sms , calls , browser history etc in one swell foop .
the pc / desktop opera version has that feature . unfortunately , it is not available in mobile versions . you can try the following browsers instead : dolphin Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear Cache When Exiting Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear History When Exiting Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear Cookies When Exiting uc browser Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Clear data on exit Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Cookies Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Form Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; History Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Cache as of this time , i prefer to use uc browser , because dolphin is giving me a lot of issues on my samsung galaxy s2 , running cm10.1 .
here 's how to do root prestigio multipad pmp3670b : -download application " motochopper " , after extracted , just run the file " run . bat " -i think you know the rest : to have installed the usb drivers to have enable " usb debugging " etc . . : ) ) i searched for two weeks , every day , after i found a forum rusia . daca .
in android , the dns cache is not on the os level ( linux ) , but on the java level ( managed by java .net. inetaddress ) . therefore , it is not possible to list the cache contents from the shell , however you can access it from the java code . please see java dns cache viewer question on stackoverflow , one of the answers has a sample java code that prints the positive and negative dns cache . you can incorporate that code into whatever solution you are building .
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
i have had the exact problem on galaxy s3 . did eveything i read on the forums from rebooting phone , router , modify router settings e.t.c. i will cut to the chase i simply went on playstore and installed an app called wifi fixer which resolved the problem straight away and i have'nt had any problems since . hope this helps
create a new profile . the context has to be application -> co pilot . leave the tasks empty . ( you actually can not leave it empty but you can add some dummy task like : alert -> notify and add an if clause that will always fail . ie %asdasd12eqwe is set . when finish with the dummy tasks go to the profile and click the task ( where is the green arrow ) . in the opened dialog click " add exit task " . here you should add the task to close dailyroads voyager : app -> kill app -> dailyroads voyager . this should do the trick . although i must add that it is not really recommended to kill apps . i am not really sure why .
found it . i messed around with adb logcat , adb shell dumpsys and titanium backup 's freeze feature . i have succesfully narrowed it down ( on my device ) to an app called " pullups 2.04" by " northpark " from the play store .
mugen power batteries released a usb desktop cradle with hdmi support for the s4 . unfortunately , it seems to be out of stock right now . you can try and tweet @mugenbatteries when they will restock . i bought extended batteries from them , and will usually give you a discount code if you ask . : )
a solution is a dock or mhl ( micro-usb form factor ) to hdmi adapter . a quick google or amazon search should find what you need under $20 usd if you go with a 3rd party and not samsung . note : some roms on some models of phones do not support hdmi out ( e . g . cm10 on the i9100 i have ) probably not be an issue on your s4 but if you have flashed a non-samsung rom you might want to double check .
you mentioned in your question that you do not want to buy any additional connectors . any reason in particular ? how unwilling are you to spend money ? resolution is not going to be the problem , it is latency . if you are absolutely adverse to paying , try running a vnc server on your phone then connect to it using a vnc viewer program on your computer . laptop magazine has a very good walkthrough here : how to control an android device from your pc . they reference vmlite vnc server which is $9.99 but you can find other vnc server programs that are free ( though several do not look terribly trustworthy , imo ) . you are getting what you pay for , however ; a cheap wireless solution means input lag . your games are going to be very hard to play and the experience will be generally poor . if you can manage a few dollars , then an micro usb to hdmi mhl adapter ( with 5pin to 11pin micro usb adapter for your s4 - be sure to read the fine print ! ) as referenced in gt7599a 's answer is the way to go . $15 ( ish ) plus an hdmi cable gets you a wired solution with very low latency . if you want something wireless but are also wanting to be able to actually play games , your best bet is an adapter that takes advantage of the s4 's wifi direct/miracast capabilities . that means a samsung wi-fi all-share cast hub ( $55 ) , netgear push2tv ( $60 ) , or similar . how much is it worth to you ?
as you did not mention your phone nor the android version , we can only make wild guesses . simplest case : it is de-activated on your android device most likely you unintentionally deactivated the usb mass storage ( or mtp , depending on device/version ) mode . to get it back : when you connected the usb cable , wait 2-3 seconds , and then pull open the notification area . it should show an entry with the usb symbol which lets you chose the action to perform ( "charge only " , " usb mass storage " , " mtp " , . . . ) . chose the one you want . now your computer should see the new device . simple case : your usb-cable got " broken " of course another possibility is your usb cable " got broken " ( e . g . due to physical stress ) . if the above did not solve your issue , you might try with a different cable . more difficult case : ubuntu messed up third option i can think of is that ubuntu somehow messed up . to rule this out , try with a different computer ( e . g . visit a friend if you do not have a second computer ) . you can also try booting from some live cd/dvd on your ubuntu machine . using the same machine for the test bears the risk that , if it is a hardware issue with the machine , results are simply the same ; in case your usb port might be the issue , try a different port ( and try a different device on the same port to cross-check ) . if it is ubuntu messing things up , our sister-site askubuntu might prove helpful , and we are not any more . . . hard case : usb port on your computer is broken i already showed above how to rule this out : try connecting your android device to a different usb port . if it works there , the former port most likely is broken . if not , try connecting some other usb device ( external hard disk would be ideal ) to the former port . if that works , the port is ok . ultra-hard case : usb port on your android device is broken if you cannot get anything to work on your devices usb port , it is a case for the repair shop . . .
maybe this is not what you are looking for , but if you have installed busybox and a terminal application , you can continue your download with : wget --continue --output-document file.part URL 
it works fine on my s3 with android version 4.1.2 ( build number jzo54k . i9300xxemc2 ) . it might be a bug in samsung 's email client , which they fixed in the 4.1.2 update .
this time the correct approach , hopefully : xda mentions the stats being located in /data/system/netstats/* ( the statistic data you are looking for ) and /data/system/netpolicy.xml ( configuration of the applications that have restricted reference data ) .
change the password on dropbox straight away . then move the photos into a folder in case anyone gets in touch . make sure that your new password is a strong one and not easily guessed . then let dropbox know what happened and what you have done .
i have tried doing the exact opposite thing ( forcing audio to go through bluetooth instead of device speaker ) so it definitifely is possible to play at least different audio through different streams ( media , call , etc . ) it set it inside of tasker to " media " stream and it came out of my phone , so it might be possible to get it working . the app needs to support playing audio through multiple streams . i do not know if there is an app for that that does split it up . sorry for posting it as a answer , my reputation is not high enough yet to comment . . .
google maps is generally a system app as well . there is another question where the user had gmail update automatically despite having auto-updates shut off . so as far as we know , google pushed this update out specially just like they push out market updates . perhaps there was a critical security fix or something like that .
if the app has never been updated via the market ( you are still using the version that was bundled in the rom ) then there is no link between the market and the installed app . because of that , you will not get update notifications . once you install a newer version from the market you will begin to receive notifications of future updates .
hmm , actually just tried again a few hours later and it works now . . . odd !
while this is not an answer that should be taken with any facts to base it on , i would think that the " ending " to the model numbers could indicate " batches " during manufacturing , or where the device was assembled . another thought i have is when manufacturing another " batch " some piece of hardware changed for what ever reason , even if they used a newer chip for something like the the gsm radio . i also looked up the sgh-t959v ( the 4g version of the vibrant ) and they only have 1 " sub-model " , which this device did not sell very well , and i have not heard of any " upgrades " to it . another example i could use to support minor hardware changes is these devices have , as you probably know , bad gps chips . samsung has made attempts to correct this while the device was being manufactured . my device does not even have any of those model numbers anywhere on it . all mine says is shg-t959 .
called customer support and it sounded like a defective unit . they covered it under the 1 yr included warranty . they pay for the shipping label as well , all you need to supply is the box .
> is that really how it works ? yes , i think it works very like that . > what happens when a dex file downloads and opens a new dex file from the internet ? is that optimised as well ? i think it is not possible for an application to open a dex file directly . > also - the system , afaik , keeps the original apk around , right ? i think that is kept at /data/app/myapk-1 . apk . is that used in any way by the system ? when ? yes , apk file contains all of assets and resources needed by the app when it runs . so , as an android developer , i am pretty sure that apk file is used everytime an app runs . > can you somehow manually force regeneration of the odex file from the stored apk file after installation ? yes , if you clear dalvik-cache folder manually ( your device should be rooted obviously ) , then system regenerates needed odex files when you run apps . some apps , like titanium backup , has an option to clear dalvik-cache . also , i remember that there was same option in recovery menu of my device .
for general information , you might want to refer to the odex tag-wiki and the tag-wiki for the dalvik tag . but your question even covers some parts not contained there -- and only now i realized that indeed all .apk files seem to include .dex files ( i always thought only the " odexed apps " do that ) , and you seem to be right about what the " o " stands for -- at least it makes much sense . so forgive me , i am not a developer : ) but still i might be able to answer at least a part of your question . yes , your description seems to match how it works ( until the question mark , at least ) . but , to my knowledge , no app should download and install .dex files separately . if not running with root permissions , that would even be difficult ( as the app could not write to /data/dalvik-cache , lacking the file-permissions ) . so we can skip the second part as , according to aristotle 's logic , from a wrong assumption one could derive everything : ) second : yes , the system keeps the .apk files . if your device has a custom recovery installed , you could manually wipe the dalvik cache from there -- which would force the android system to re-generate it on its next boot . basically , this is even done for the system-apps ( .apk files are located in /system/apps for those , and thus survive a factory-reset ) , namely when you do a factory-reset . third : oh , already answered . yes , by wiping the dalvik-cache .
i have spotted that when i put my phone into its dock for the last few days , it now displays a clock ( digital style , with the date below , in ics blue ) on the screen while it is charging . this has happened since the recent android v4.0.4 update for the galaxy nexus . this has also added a " dock " category under the " system " section in settings . this has options to enable a " dock insertion sound " and change audio settings for the dock . exactly what i was looking for !
sounds like you could use dockawake ! dock manager for this . to just keep the screen on you can set Settings -&gt; Developer options -&gt; Stay awake .
i think that moving apps from internal to external does not affect the performance . but it does add on an extra few milliseconds to open the app from external storage instead of in internal storage . mileage will vary from device to device , depending on speed , android version etc
apps that have a service that is constantly open , like for example viber , whatsapp , facebook messenger , etcetera can slow down the ui a lot if there are a lot of these running , so its preferable to keep apps with a constant service on the phone memory , since the impact there is non noticeable by comparison .
in my experience there has been little or any perceptible performance problem . i was having a really annoying experience managing my memory with my nexus one . i used s2e to migrate and have not looked back . amazing to be able to not have to delete apps just to install new ones .
quoting from @chahk 's answer to another question : longer boot-up and shut-down times when the system mounts/un-mounts all of the apps stored on sd card . apps that were moved to sd card are not stored in plain sight to prevent rampant piracy . instead , android sets aside some space and creates a virtual partition for each app that you move . this means that at the initial boot-up , all these virtual partitions need to be mounted before apps stored on them can be accessed . the same holds true when you turn the handset off - each virtual partition is un-mounted before other shutdown processes can happen . depending on the number of installed apps this can take an extra minute or even longer for the system to " stabilize " upon boot-up ( and about 20 extra seconds for shutting down . ) once this happens though , launching these apps does not take any longer than those on internal memory .
security and performance implications the application resources stored on external storage are read-only and hence there are no performance issues with loading or launching applications on sd card . from : http://android-developers.blogspot.co.uk/2010/07/apps-on-sd-card-details.html the post is written by a ' suchi amalapurapu , an engineer who worked on this feature . ' the feature being the ability to put apps onto the sd card .
ok : after some more reading , it looks like clockworkmod did not back up the /cust partition ie : /proc/mtdblock7 in which the vodafone logo and boot animation was stored . when i flashed my device with a generic stock rom that overwrote the /cust partition permanently . when i flashed my recovery . img , it only restored the recovery partition ( which was the cwm recovery image after rooting ) . the only way i can now get back the stock voda animation is backup the partition ( via dd maybe ) from another device to an sd card and flash back to my device partition from the sd card . moral of the story : backup all partitions ( via romdump or dd ) and not just rely on clockworkmod backup which ignores these partitions . i arrived at this conclusion by checking my logs from the saved data partition ( after rooting ) when i saw this file in : /data/load_oemlogo . txt which references /cust/vha/au/logo/oemlogo . mbn update : yes i can confirm that the /cust and /userdata2 partition are not backed up by cwm backup and restore . i quote from translated version ( german ) from here : http://66.163.168.225/babelfish/translate_url_content ? . intl=us and lp=de_en and trurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.android-hilfe.de%2froot-hacking-modding-fuer-huawei-ideos-x3%2f203731-how-flash-partitionen-von-supertoast-anpassen.html Completely importantly! Make always only times with CWM a Backup.  backup_partitons . edit : more info and updates .
for those who tried many attempts in re-installing and rebooting but to no avail . this may be an alternative you can consider . this applies to those who ran install_drivers . bat and saw an error message regarding " . /android/adb_usb " . this error is caused by our user name in windows which has one or more spacing ( e . g . " home user" ) . this one or more spacing breaks the batch file written to assist you in installing the relevant drivers . solution is simple , edit the install_drivers . bat and include double quotations ( " " ) to all file paths which has %userprofile% ( line 9 and 10 ) if not EXIST "%userprofile%\.android\" ( mkdir "%userprofile%\.android\" ) copy drivers\kindle\adb_usb.ini "%userprofile%\.android\adb_usb.ini"  before re-installing your drivers , kindly ensure you removed the existing drivers via device manager -> android phone -> " android adb interface " ( or ) " android composite adb interface " re-run install_drivers . bat and then run run . bat your kindle should be ready for rooting : )
i had the same problem with kindle fire utility , and i actually figured this out . the install_drivers.bat replaces the driver , which is not what you want ! you need both drivers in place , the regular amazon kindle one , and the adb driver . to get it to work : uninstall the android adb driver in device manager ( right click to do this ) in device manager , right click the kindle device and select " update driver software " , then point it to the included kindle fire utility folder that has the driver /drivers/kindle then , it finally worked -- both drivers were in place -- then adb showed up as online and i could get root , and do all the other stuff with kfu .
if you have run the install_drivers . bat file , and still have this . . few things to do : 1 ) reboot computer/kindle 2 ) re-install drivers through kfu 3 ) re-install drivers manually .
i rebooted my phone and the problem went away ( i can now see and choose from all installed apps ) . must be a a bug .
on my nexus one ( 2.3.4 ) the “other applications” list has the usual list of everything .
i assume that you used adb push for uploading your executable to the sd-card . unfortunately the sd-card is always mounted with " noexec " which means that you can not execute anything from here . therefore you have to copy the executable to the local filesystem , e.g. to /data/local . in case the device is not rooted or you do not have busybox installed there will be no " cp " command . you can simply use cat : cat /sdcard/myprog &gt; /data/local/myprog . then you have to set the executable permission on the executable . chmod on android usually does not support the " u+x " syntax . therefore you have to call chmod 555 /data/local/myprog . afterwards you can execute your executable : /data/local/myprog .
you could also look into an extended life battery ( usually larger with a custom backplate . ) not really solving the problem , but definitely an option , and maybe simpler .
tasker is an app that can be used to automate changing settings on your device , based on various events like when you leave range of a wifi ap , or when you enter a geographic area . you can have a look through the tasker tag here for some idea of the jobs it can be used for , and how to configure it .
thanking gathrawn and izzy for the feedback i also want to post two scripts in On.X 's javascript-like syntax 1st script : enable wifi only when home ( inspired by a microsoft script ) 2nd script , also useful , toggles wifi on charge ( supposing the phone is charged at home ) using both should not be a problem unless one uses a portable charger
i found the problem : roaming was active . that is why mobile data was not working . simply disabling roaming fixed the issue .
you can try out any of the backup app , that would let you have fun ! the thing that you are saying i recently lost all the emails on my laptop computer . and they were important business emails . many of those emails still exist on my android phone . as the mails on your device might get removed as soon as you connect it to the internet ( sync might do that ) , if you need to install a backup app better download its .apk file to your computer , and sideload it ( e . g . copy it to your sdcard , and start the .apk using any file manager , which would trigger the installation ; make sure to have unknown-sources activated for this ) . a good choice would be helium backup : it creates .ab ( android backup ) files compatible with adb backup , and there are solutions available to extract those on your pc . is there any way to pull the emails off and then drop them in to my mail program ? no , there is no direct way to do that – you could only forward them , which you do not want . then i do not think there is any other way to do this . you can either create a backup file to just save the emails , then forward them . that is the only way to get back your emails , but still you will lose the time , sender name and other ! and it will be replaced with sender as : you , time : current time , body : body will have the email included as signature or something like that . that is it ! good luck , cheers .
the important part looks to be this : it is worth mentioning that i have data encryption turned on . i do not believe clockworkmod can handle encrypted devices as of yet , which is problematic for devices that lack true external storage support ( e . g . sd cards ) . the reason it is a problem is that /sdcard on these devices is not a separate partition , it is a fuse mount point for the /data/media directory . therefore , when you boot into recovery , it can not access your internal /sdcard directory because it is encrypted . teamwin recovery , as of version 2.2.0 , does support decrypting your device when booting into recovery . they actually specifically noted the galaxy nexus in the release notes , possibly because they had to implement the decryption differently on non-aosp devices ( e . g . support for encrypted touchwiz devices is listed in version 2.4.0.0 ) : what is new in version 2.2.0 support decrypting an encrypted data partition on galaxy nexus ( enter password using keyboard ) realistically , the best bet if you want to encrypt your device would probably be to use twrp instead of cwm . otherwise you will have to continue jumping through some hoops when trying to use your recovery . you can download twrp from their website .
had this very issue earlier tonight myself . the 51-android . rules needs to be world read-execute , and it is probably best to run service udev restart ( or reboot ) after changing this , then re-plug your device . if it still does not work , double-check the vendor id you have supplied ; with your android device connected , run lsusb . htc also use the vendor id 18d1 on newer devices .
if you only need to work with devices on a very infrequent basis , you can restart the adb server daemon as root . ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb devices please note that it is not a good idea to make the daemon run as root - any security issues in the daemon will now have root access and any user on your system who can run adb ( not just your user account ) can access the devices - as you are basically ignoring all permission settings in 51-android . rules . as of note , you do not need to be root to shut down the server - just use ./adb kill-server again .
i had this issue myself when rooting my kindle fire and i did : $ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="1949", MODE="0666"  then in my ~/.android/adb_usb.ini file i added 0x1949  where 1949 is the vendor id for the kindle i believe . and after restarting the box , adb devices shows my kindle . or instead of restarting udevadm control --reload-rules and adb kill-server &amp;&amp; adb start-server should be sufficient .
i have no idea why , but rebooting second time and trying to turn off/on the wifi icon on the homescreen several times did finally work .
this is one of the reasons a smartphone without a sdcard slot is an absolute no-go for me : if you cannot access the device anymore ( e . g . the device no longer powers up ) , and do not want your data " in the cloud " -- you can say good-bye to your data . . . but to your issue : sim card as you state all your contact data are on the sim card -- no worries for those . as soon as you stick the sim card into the new device , those contact data are there . unless you have used a minisim until now and the new device only supports microsim ( or any other reason you cannot simply put the sim card into the new phone ) . so in case of that , you can . . . open your contacts app on the old phone tap the menu key select export/import export all contacts to your sdcard then , we handle those data together with the other sdcard stuff . text messages they are a completely different issue . here you would need a special backup app to retrieve them . as with the contacts " export " , this would also require you to at least be able to use your old phone somehow . if your pc runs windows , you might want to take a look at myphoneexplorer , which comes with an android client ( the link points there ) and a pc component . not running windows myself , i can only report hear-say -- but it should be able to synchronize your android device with your pc , including contacts , text messages , and more . it even lets you remote-control your device to a degree , according to the comments . a similiarly powerful tool for windows users is moborobo , also worth a look ( see addictivetips for a description ) . not being on windows , but being able to use your old device 's screen at least basically , message sync can export your messages on the old and import them on the new device ; sms backup and restore would be an alternative choice . sdcard take out the sdcard from the old phone , put it into a card reader , and attach it to your pc . your pc should show this as a new drive . attach your new phone to your computer using a usb cable . it should offer you to select a connection mode . depending on what is available , chose either usb mass storage or mtp . again , your pc should now offer this as a new drive . use your favorite file explorer on the pc to copy all the data from the sdcard to your new device safely remove and disconnect both devices from your pc if you had to export your contacts on the old phone via the contacts app , use the same procedure to import them to your new device
i do not know if you have tried it or not , but use kies or mobilego . i think your phone will be automatically detected ; no need for touch screen . then , backup all the things you want . then , unplug it and connect the new phone and restore the data .
i believe fennec ( firefox mobile ) will have this feature , but it is currently only in alpha . you can get a copy of the alpha here . note that you will need about 40mb+ of internal storage space free to install it .
i do not see a firefox extension that bring bookmarks to your phone permanently . there are a few suggestions in this question but they are designed more for sending links on a one-time basis . getting the del . icio . us firefox add-on and the del . icio . us add-on for the android dolphin browser might be the best bet . ( i knew i saw this somewhere on here . . . props to this answer which mentions del . icio . us for android . )
if you have a htc phone and windows , then htc sync will do this .
xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year .
try to flash the original firmware for your phone , then dial *#*#7378423#*#* on your dialer app and navigate to service menu -&gt; service info -&gt; configuration . it should be indicated there .
it should say , " bootloader unlocked : yes "
the only reason you lost your user data was because of the oem unlock command - the documentation says this will erase all user data for security . you can install cwm using fastboot fastboot flash recovery &lt;path to recovery image&gt; , and to will not erase userdata . recovery is not a must for root - but it is recommended .
fastboot oem unlock always deletes userdata for security reasons , so it must be used only once ( until you lock again manually ) . cwm is needed if you want to flash a root package ( you can not push it via fastboot ) , but that is not usually the only way to root a device . the cwm install needs only the fastboot flash recovery recovery_name command , which does not affect user data .
i do not know if any setting available for notification bar dragging . but notification dragging bar is enable/working only on screen lock made by slide other than this is will not work like pin , pattern , password , etc . if you want work notification bar . Go To-&gt; Setting-&gt;Security-&gt;Screen Security-&gt;Screen Lock-&gt;change to slide.
try this widget for locking your screen with just one click . what exactly do you mean by your second question ?
the app is called advanced screen control , the feature is called proximity wakelock and its based on the proximity sensor . its my app . :- )
i am not aware of such an app/feature right now , but you could use the collective effect of a couple of apps to get almost the desired thing . lightning bug : this is a cool free app that has always-on display feature and shows the clock , ( and weather , etc . ) and more . screen filter : this app will allow you to reduce the brightness even lower than what the android system would allow you to . however , when you want to put your device into standby , you will need to open these apps to get the effect . also , running these apps does not mean it is in " lock " mode . i see a great potential for an app that does both of these together and also put the device into lock mode at the same time .
my workplace has exchange email and i have managed to have it sync with my google account and not use my main google calendar , with relatively little work . i have the following setup : me@google personal google account me@work exchange account me@work google account ( go to google , sign up for new account , use me@work as " existing email address" ) that is separate from my main google account google calendar sync on my work computer linking to my me@work google account me@work google calendar shared with my me@google google calendar it does have the downside of needing the a computer to be active ( no easy way around that that i know of ) but it has the upside that it partitions my work events into a separate calendar and integrates tightly into my heavy personal google use . there is a .netapplication that someone wrote that lives as a service on a windows server and periodically does the sync itself . but i can not seem to find it now , and it does require you to have a windows server you had be allowed to run it on . and if you have to leave a windows machine running anyway , you could just put outlook on it and use google calendar sync . if you had admin rights on the exchange server , this might also be an option : http://code.google.com/p/google-calendar-connectors/wiki/overview
everything that is synced to your google calendar on your phone should also be on your google calendar on the net (https://www.google.com/calendar). you can have multiple calendars in google calendar , perhaps the calendar you are phone is syncing to is not set to be visible in the web view ?
if you have outlook 2007 , you can use the built-in publish my calendar feature to publish it to microsoft servers , which will make the ics feed available to add as a calendar in google calendar . in outlook 2007 , go to the calendar section and click the " publish my calendar . . . " link . fill out that dialog and it will start syncing . if necessary , feel free to adjust which calendars are shown in your android device via the calendar app 's option menu item " calendars " .
i tried this from my samsung galaxy ace plus and it worked : from ur mobile , click menu > settings > applications > development untick usb debugging , stay awake , allow mock locations insert usb cable from mobile to pc/laptop > " enable usb debugging " > ok drag down the the usb icon from the upper left part of the screen tap on " connect usb " > " connect to usb storage " then , automatically , ur pc/laptop will now detect ung mobile/sd device from the laptop/pc , select " open folder to view files " there , u'll see memory card storage and mobile storage as " removable disk . . . " ( mine is g ) you should now be able to transfer files from pc> mobile and vice versa hope this helps .
try to key in this in dialer *#7284# it has 4 option there . . uart modem pda usb modem pda for usb . select the pda . if it already selected to pda . reselect it by select modem and then pda again . . only change the usb setting . . andthen press back . try reconnect to kies again . . hope it helps . .
hey you can try to solve this in two ways either you can download samsung kies and using that you can connect your phone , or if not by that way then u can check in your phone that is your usb debugging on its in settings option > application > development see that is it checked or not , if its checked then it means its on . . you can also download pda net and install in your pc thats also one of the way if you dont want to install samsung kies
when windows sees it as " the device has malfunctioned " it is a different issue than when it says " drivers were not installed , your device may not work properly . " if it says " malfunction " it is a problem with the usb hardware connections themselves , albeit the cable end or the device port . try using some electrical contact cleaner and a soft tooth brush and the clear the port with a compressed air duster can . just spray a little of the cleaner on the brush and gently clean your port and/or cable . then spray area just enough to dry with air duster . worked well for me . if you take it to a service shop they will do it for you for a minimal fee .
this problem might be because you dont have the neceasary drivers . make sure you have the USB debugging mode on for your device . then use Samsung Kies , a software like itunes , to detect your device .
i had the same prob as my s3 is not deteced on my mac , but it is very easy to solve : connect your s2 to your pc using a datacable now in your phone , go to settings&rarr ; more&rarr ; usb utilities turn on usb mass storage button . it works .
are you sure that usb debugging mode is on ? under Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Development you should see an option for USB Debugging -- if that is not checked you will not be able to mount your phone .
is not it so strange that on some computer config it is not a problem ? ? ? in many cases a third party software is the badass ( e.g. firewall , antivirus apps . ) always try on another machine before you go back to the shop:- )
in addition to what the others have already answered , if you just want to access the files on the phone 's storage and sd card , you can just mount the file system . unplug the usb cable , then settings > wireless and network > usb utilities > connect storage to pc
i have had the same problem . i was so annoyed that i did a factory reset . it clears all your data , but it also solved my issue .
you can choose when , and how often , you want your application to check its license and you have full control over how it handles the response , verifies the signed response data , and enforces access controls . from http://developer.android.com/guide/market/licensing/overview.html so yes basically whenever the developer wants it to . i would imagine the most common time to check is when the application is first opened . your application does not query the licensing server directly , but instead calls the google play client over remote ipc to initiate a license request . in the license request : your application provides : its package name , a nonce that is later used to validate any response from the server , and a callback over which the response can be returned asynchronously . the google play client collects the necessary information about the user and the device , such as the device 's primary google account username , imsi , and other information . it then sends the license check request to the server on behalf of your application . the google play server evaluates the request using all available information , attempting to establish the user 's identity to a sufficient level of confidence . the server then checks the user identity against purchase records for your application and returns a license response , which the google play client returns to your application over the ipc callback . so : the information about the application , the device and the user goes off to google 's servers . google then checks your name against the list of people it knows have paid for the application on google play . ( it could also check the name of the application against a list of applications it knows that you have downloaded from google play ) if it can see that you have downloaded ( and paid for ) the application from google play it sends back that you have a license , if not then it tells the app you do not . obviously this is all done online so if you are offline then it will not work . if i was writing the application i would have a counter to let the person to use it offline 3 times or so before having to go online to get the license check in order to stop the kind of thing happening to you where you can not play offline . of course if someone digs into the file where the counter is stored they could change the value back to 3 tries every time they use it and never have to pay but that is probably beyond the technical competence of most users .
if you are on android , twonky beam may be what you are looking for . it is specifically intended for moving streaming video from online sources .
hmm . . i do not know if that suits you , but you can send youtube videos through web protocol . from your pc you can add an extension to chrome . and for android there is yatse you still have to install youtube plugin for xbmc .
i think google calendar sms reminders are supposed to come from only one number ( or only a few numbers ) , which might be different from user to user . for example , you would get reminders from numbers a , b , and c , while i would get reminders from numbers d , e , and f . so , if you add a , b , and c under one contact , that should solve your problem . however , there seems to be a recent issue causing reminders to be sent from many random numbers . the issue has been recognized by a google employee ( katherineg ) , so hopefully they are working on a fix . you might want to head over to that thread and add your country / carrier to the list affected by this problem .
in short , if you want to flash kitkat android 4.4 , you will have to upgrade to a version of cwm greater than v6.0.4.5 . or , use an alternate bootloader . for the galaxy tab 2 gt-p5113 or gt-p5110 you can find the instructions here .
for a start , you can not install " vanilla android " on a non-nexus device . see flash a smartphone with vanilla android rom for more . the closest you can get is a custom rom that was originally based on aosp and then ported to your device , such as cyanogenmod . the custom rom 's documentation should say whether it has the drivers for the stylus , and if so , it'll work just like a more precise touchscreen . you still will not get any special stylus features ( like extra buttons or pressure-sensitivity ) in this case , though . there is no standard android interface for such features , so they rely on the vendor 's proprietary library and interfaces for apps to support them . again , you should check the custom rom 's documentation to find out how much is supported .
you could try to " repair " the bad blocks and see if that works . below is the windows and linux methods for doing it . repairing will not fix damaged parts of the card but flag them to ignore . windows : plug your device into a windows pc . Start&gt;Programs&gt;Accessories-&gt;Command Prompt if on vista or newer , right-click and choose to runs as administrator . if on xp , just run it . find the drive letter for the device . let 's say it is " g:" drive . enter chkdsk G: /r linux open a terminal ( applications-accessories-terminal ) and give the command sudo fsck -a /dev/sdd1 ( replace /dev/sdd1 with the actual partition device for the micro sd card ) ( fsck = file systen checker . ) failing that you will probably need a new sd card . if it is the ' usual ' fat32 corrupting ( which it does a bit ) then you may be ok , but if any of it is damaged then it will need to be replaced .
i had the same problem : s-planner and email would not sync . in the sync settings was also an item saying " master sync disabled " but no indication as to how to enable it ! the fix for me was to go to the options menu of the phone ( when you swipe your finger down from the top of the screen ) . you should then see a few green and blue symbols ( bluetooth/wifi etc . ) . at the top right there is a gear wheel icon and next to this on the right is another button which when clicked will show all the different icons for your phone settings . press this and look for the " sync " icon . if it is disabled ( blue ) then click to enable it .
yes . sdmaid does an excellent job of finding files abandoned by the system such as interrupted play apk downloads ( cutely called the " basement corpse finder" ) , shrinking databases and emptying your caches . it also lists files by size so you can find space hogs , etc .
as i already shortly pointed out in my comment to the question itself : android has no centralized setting for that , it has to be configured for each app separately – provided the app supports it . unfortunately , such a setting is not even featured by all apps , so for some it might be impossible .
[ root only ] a third party solution would be the app foldermount . that way it is possible to move all the media folders one by one to the external sd card and mount them on top of the internal folders .
wifi direct can be used on all android devices . android 4.0 and higher comes with this feature pre-installed . if your device runs an older version of android , you can find many apps in the google playstore to enable direct file sharing service over wifi . go for superbeam , fast file transfer , wifi file transfer , etc .
you have a special mount point* for /mnt/sdcard/download , so umount it with umount /mnt/sdcard/download remove the directory rm -rf /mnt/sdcard/download and try to figure out what cause your android to use this special mount . if you just want read-write access , run this command : mount -o remount,rw /mnt/sdcard/download and then you will be able to rm anything inside . *figured out by the discussions in your question thread
i am not sure if you are still having this issue or not , but a couple of things that come to mind : in the output you paste in your responses , you mix terminal output with $ and # . you need to be root all the time which means that you should always see a # . if i were you , i would first check the permissions on the old download directory with something like ls -alh | grep &lt;foldername&gt; . who owns the directory , what group ? try changing ownership with chown , changing chmod to 777 recursively ( just throwing stuff at the wall here to see what sticks ) . after setting yourself ( root ) as the owner and giving everyone full rights to the directory recursively , i would try rm -rfv &lt;foldername&gt; and see what output i got . hopefully this might help someone else . also , when you do ls -alh it should show you if it is a symlink , and if so to where . if it is a mounted folder , i would run something like mount | grep &lt;foldername&gt; to see what is going on .
you could try to use default app manager to remove the association for flash video ( . flv ) files . this should tell the browser ( s ) to play the video without to open a new app .
well i kinda ' fixed it . i changed the user agent setting in my opera browser from mobile to desktop and every flv file now works . as you might expect there are side effects ( i am getting dektop sites instead of mobile sites - they are bigger , harder to use and they take up more space so they load slower ) . this will be a good work around at leas .
this is because you have installed some other apps that are capable of opening the same media . previously , only your stock video player was associated . now i guess soapcast can open it . this is how android works normally , but if you want the old behavior at all times , select the checkbox that says " use by default for this action " and then click on the stock video player or " movies " .
reading it again : the way you speak of synchronizing , you probably use imap . so if you move mails out of one folder on one client , this gets synced to the other clients as well . if the archive is a local folder , you will thus not find them on your s3 anymore ( as for this client , the mails simply got " deleted" ) . but if it is a subfolder on the imap server , you simply need to locate this folder on your sgs3 . how this is done , depends on the client used -- so we cannot tell you unless you specify those details requested in the comments .
50 mb is not much . consider that for installation , the apk gets probably temporarily stored there ( in /data/local ( not always sometimes it is in the /cache/download/ folder ) -- at least that is what the playstore app does , i am not sure about a " local install " where the .apk probably is available from your sdcard ) for processing , then gets installed ( below /data/app ) and initializes its data ( below /data/data ) . and during all that , it should leave enough free space to allow all other apps to work normally : creating temporary files , log files ( at least the latter again being stored below /data in many cases , e . g those you can access via logcat ) , and manipulate their data ( guess where -- yes , again below /data/data ) . so you see : most of these actions take place on the /data partition . now look what size the .apk of sbp shell 3d has . something about 10 . . 15 mb ? so when installed , it creates its data structure below /data/data as well , which adds to this . and during all that installation process , free space probably falls below 30 mb ( if it really requires a copy in /data/local for the install , even below 20 mb ) -- which is why the system alerts about " free space getting low " . the solution already came with the warning : uninstall some apps . or move some bigger ones / rarely used apps to sd , if possible . or clean up some cache -- but that will only help temporarily . you might also want to check some other space/installation related questions here : why is “insufficient storage” wrongly reported when installing an . apk via adb ? is there a way to workaround the phone memory limit for installed apps ? why can not i install apps when i have enough storage ? application does not get installed : insufficient storage available could be good starting points .
try any audio manager app from play store . audiomanager audio manager
it seems you are accidently triggering the generation of a bug reports , as described on this google support site ( click on the nexus link ) : generate a bug report immediately : press volume ( in between up and down ) and power at the same time ( after a > significant delay -- up to a minute -- the device will vibrate if successful and open a new message in gmail ) . in my case , my device had a case which was triggering the bug report by inadvertently pressing ' volume ' and ' power '
unfortunately the google camera app does not natively support saving pictures/videos/panoramas to sd card . i am guessing that this goes with google 's general stance against sd cards in general . if your device is not rooted , you are stuck with having to manually move the images/videos . for rooted devices , there is a work-around to this limitation . xposed framework allows various modules to override many stock firmware options without using 3rd-party roms . it should also work on custom roms , but that is not " officially " supported by the framework 's developer . you will need the pictures2sd module , which makes all media from various camera apps ( including google camera ) to be automatically saved to the dcim folder of the sd card . xposed installer app is not directly available via the google play store , so after rooting your s4 ( looks like you are already rooted , since you are running a custom rom ) , you will need to allow side-loading of applications via Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Unknown sources , download and install the apk from here , and activate it according to these instructions : installation of the framework : download the xposed installer apk and install it launch the xposed installer , go to the " framework " section and click on " install/update " reboot done ! after that , the installation of modules is pretty straight-forward : installation of any modules : download . apk ( e . g . via the builtin repository browser ) and install it launch the xposed installer and go to the " modules " section ( you will also get there if you click on the notification warning you that the module is not enabled yet ) enable the module by checking the checkbox reboot done !
install a file manager like es file explorer and manually move the captured images to a directory on your sd card . only way around this ridiculous restriction i believe . you would have to do this each time you use the camera obviously .
i just noticed this now . i was wondering why my note 3 was running out of memory . i just started using the google camera recently . i decided to simply delete all the photos . they are automatically uploaded into google+ photos anyways , so i do not need to download them again and save them somewhere else . but it will make me use the samsung camera app as my primary camera and the google camera for photosphere only .
the same thing happens on my nexus 7 running 4.2 and as answered in the other question the only way i found to get the screen back on was to perform a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. . you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . not really fixing the root cause of the issue but it is easier than taking out the battery every time . this is also assuming the holding down the power button to reset works on the galaxy nexus and that it is the same issue but it sounds very similar and has only happened after i upgraded to 4.2 .
it could be that something in your data is causing this to malfunction - to solve this you would have to do a factory reset . before you do that however , please try and do a soft reset ( remove battery for 10 seconds , reinsert ) . if that fails to work , do a full factory reset - you will want to ensure you have backed up your apps beforehand . if that also fails to work , then it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to have the screen replaced .
the solution : enable animations http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40019
disable automatic brightness in your settings .
when you reply in the same conversation , that reply should go to the same number . is it not ? check that number shown on the very top of the conversation . it is the number you are currently replying . if you click that number the contact ( or popup ) will open showing all the numbers attached to that particular contact . you should be able to choose a different number to message with this option .
you can also install the software directly from the android market . but you will not be able to start it easily . you can use adb to start the app as described here i recommend myphoneexplorer . you will also need to install the desktop program and then start the app on your phone as mentioned in the link above . be mindful of any optional toolbar that might ask to be installed on your desktop though . update : i did not need to start the app on my phone , merely connecting the cable was enough . galaxy s2 on gingerbread 2.3.3 ( rooted , but that should not be a factor ) .
you can install any software from the market / google play . log in using the account used on your device and you can install any software . the app will be automatically downloaded ( pushed ) and installed onto your device when the device is online . via usb i think you can only access such information in case the usb debugging is enabled on your device . with it enabled you have access to the file system and further options via android debug bridge ( adb ) . but as your device is defect it would be much simpler to just buy or lend a cheap device and use it instead . . .
probably you werent running the specific firmware on which the cm port for your phone was designed to be installed on . check if you had missed any steps in the tutorial . if your phone gets stuck at the bootlogo or bootanimation , you can try to do a factory reset from the recovery mode . if the problem still persists , try flashing the stock firmware and then installing cm . if your phone does not respond at all while attempting to switch it on , its hard-bricked . the only way to recover it is by using jtag . you need to disassemble the phone for this method , so it is better to take it to a service centre . here the bootloader is rewritten to the device using a riff box . watch this video to see how it is done : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_zaehafjme
select the settings button ( ) on the top-right corner . in the settings screen , scroll down to the " relays " section and tick the box next to " relaying - enable your device to be a non-exit relay " . the relay will listen to port 9001 by default , but you can adjust that by changing the relay port .
it is normal . it could have been because your daughter was playing a game on the phone , or just taking up a lot of processing power . also , having one 's hands on the back of the phone also does not help . i have had this issue with multiple devices when playing games specifically .
i have a galaxy tab which works perfectly with my belkin playmax on 5ghz .
there is an app called screen filter that will allow you to switch the menu button backlight off .
there is the leds hack app if you have got the root thing going .
i agree with user61926 , you have the the cpu type for an android wearable but the display type is not set for an android wearbale . taken from developer . android . com 2 . set up the android wear emulator launch the android virtual device manager . 1a . from eclipse , select window > android virtual device manager . 1b . from android studio , select tools > android > avd manager . click new . for the avd name , enter " androidwearsquare " or " androidwearround " , depending on whether you want to create an emulator with a square or round display . for the device , select android wear square or android wear round . for the target , select android 4.4.2 - api level 19 ( or higher ) . for the cpu/abi , select **android wear arm ( armeabi-v7a ) . note : android wear is designed to support multiple processor architectures . ** for the skin , select androidwearsquare or androidwearround . leave all other options set to their defaults and click ok . although real android wearables do not provide a keyboard as an input method , you should keep hardware keyboard present selected so you can provide text input on screens where users will instead provide voice input . in the list of avds , select the one you just created and click start . in the following window , click launch . the android wear emulator now starts . to begin testing your app 's notifications , you must now pair the emulator to your development device that has the android wear preview app installed . tip : to improve the emulator startup time , edit your avd and enable snapshot under emulator options . when you start the emulator , select save to snapshot then click launch . once the emulator is running , close it to save a snapshot of the system . start the avd again , but select launch from snapshot and deselect save to snapshot . caution : do not install apps on the android wear emulator . the system does not support traditional android apps and the result of running such apps is unpredictable .
it is something to do with the cpu type you have chosen ( android wear ) and the skin ? do android wearables really support up to hvga screens ?
unfortunately honeycomb and below is " dead " development , people are focused on doing more on ics than anything . when eclair rolled out , development stopped on cupcake and donut , and now its quite hard to imagine someone still working on those old versions of android . there may be around it involving rooting your phone but i doubt it . look at your link , the third requirement : deodexed rom . that is part of what is holding older phones back . my suggestion would just be to upgrade your phone but i realize that is not an ideal solution . sorry man .
it seems that the htc desire models are known to have hardware that easily gets defective . . . :-/ i have searched far and wide , and the general consensus seems to be that if a restore and/or factory reset does not resolve the problem , then it is not a software issue but a hardware defect . the device could probably be repaired , but if the warranty gone then it is probably wiser buying a new device instead .
" just make sure you use a usb port on the back of your computer . front ones can be less than perfect as there is cables , noise etc . " this fixed my usb connectivity and transfer problems .
do a factory reset through privacy menu of settings . it will solve your problems
on your phone got one software call " kies " try to using wifi to connect to the computer and the phone where in the computer you key in the ip address shown on your s2 and after that the driver will automatic installed its work fine for me after i use kies to connect to the computer and again the computer usb can recognized my phone = )
worked for me : unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the following number : *#7284# once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . plug the usb cable . note : repair usb connection for any samsung android phone reference : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv2h5o_qdpe
try installing kies ( check the " software " subtab under " downloads" ) . it should install the drivers automatically but if not it has a menu option to install them .
this is normally face detection that turns the screen off so that you cannot press buttons with your cheek . if moving the phone away from your face does not turn it on , then you should be able to turn it on with the power button .
for things like podcasts , the experience should be far more slick than the clunky apple need to plug into a pc and use itunes . most services on android are about the device itself doing all of the syncing directly with the internet , not needing to have a pc in the middle that you have to plug into to get updates . for podcasts , you can use something like google listen , this keeps the list of your podcast subscriptions in google reader , and syncs and downloads new episodes wirelessly throughout the day ( though if you are concerned about data usage you can configure it to only download when you are on a wifi network ) . i have not personally used it , but other apps like doggcatcher keep your subscriptions on the device and wirelessly sync throughout the day in similar ways . for music syncing , there is nothing built-in , but apps like winamp allow you to do a wireless music sync with a pc running winamp , again other apps also allow that , but i have not used them .
i have heard good things about doubletwist from mac users , allows you to continue using itunes to sync your music . have not tried it myself since spotify does enough for me , and itunes is not really pleasant on a pc , had enough of it when i had an iphone .
answer : you can use freex3d : vrml , x3d , stl viewer by john alexander stewart available from google play store : freex3d is a 3d vrml/x3d and stl viewer for android . new - anaglyph rendering option for 3d viewing of your 3d files ! freex3d allows the user to browse local stl , vrml 97 and x3d files , and to view these files on their android gles-2 capable device . you can rotate or zoom stl files ; x3d files you can walk , or examine , as defined by the spec . use one finger to rotate or walk , two to zoom or move in +-z , depending on navigation mode set . this version works on android 2.2 and above . it requires opengl es-2.0 , which is available in all modern phones/tablets , and most released over the last couple of years . related curiosity : there is also an interesting project that worth mentioning , called x3dom for free on android devices that support webgl : x3dom ( pronounced x-freedom ) is an experimental open source framework and runtime to support the ongoing discussion in the web3d and w3c communities how an integration of html5 and declarative 3d content could look like . it tries to fulfill the current html5 specification for declarative 3d content and allows including x3d elements as part of any html5 dom tree .
downgrading to the leaked 4.1 ( official ) firmware fixes the problem . i will update this answer if i find out if it works on cm10 .
i had this working on cm10 by un-checking this box , and using an app called dock audio switcher . it would detect the dock and automatically change the audio output through the usb . however , i have tried using this on cm10.1 , and this app no longer works . i have also tried using the usb passive audio setting in the advanced menu , and this also no longer works . the odd thing is when i use the usb passive audio i get no sound whatsoever , but when i use the dock audio switcher i can hear a bump from the speakers , similar to when you first plug a audio cable into the phone jack . so it seems that its activating the audio to usb , but it just cant push it over .
i know that this has been fixed in some of the latest cm10 nightly releases . as a matter of fact , i am running jellybam 4.1 ( based on cm10 ) and the usb audio does work without issues . when i have updated to jellybam 5.2 ( based on cm10.1 ) , usb audio stopped working . so i had to revert back to 4.1 , which is , in my opinion , an excellent release anyway . i have read in forums that the problem is not proprietary drivers or anything like that ( it is working on cm10 nightlys afterall ) , but rather than cm team has not finished implementing all audio features on 10.1 yet . the need to migrate this patch to cm10.1 , that is all . so my advice is to install cm10 nightly or jellybam 4.1 . you will enjoy android 4.1.2 , and of course , your usb audio .
something very similar happened to me not long ago . the sd card , when inserted into the phone , would cause the phone to be very unresponsive and eventually reboot itself , over and over , as long as the card was plugged in . now for the bad news . i inserted a different sd card , which worked just fine in the phone . so i took the malfunctioning sd card and attempted to reformat it on my computer , but after reinserting it into the phone , the phone still claimed it was a " damaged sd card " and refused to do anything with it - even format it again ! though it did stop boot looping . after talking with verizon it seems the sd card really was defective and i am getting a replacement . i hope you are able to recover some of your files from the card before you have to replace it , or that you have backups ( though it sounds like you do not ) .
i am not too keen on the why , but sh on cyanogenmod is a bit watered down . as joachim noted in the comments , usually you can modify PS1 to change your prompt , but it does not properly expand prompt variables : however , cyanogenmod does ship with a modified version of sh called ash ( i believe this is for android shell ) , which does support a subset of these prompt variables . here 's some examples of what does and does not work , with local echo removed for the sake of clutter/space : as for tab-completion : i do not personally know of a way to make this work . i imagine the main problem is actually that the adb shell buffers input up until you press enter , so the tab is not actually sent to the shell program when you hit it . a good illustration of this is to open a file with more . the q key exits the more program , but you actually have to press q and then hit enter to quit because the initial q keystroke is not sent until you press enter to send the whole buffer . okay , ssh is a different beast . assuming you have a reasonably sane client ash will give you tab-completion along with the prompt variable expansion noted above . if you are using dropbear ( the ssh daemon that ships with cyanogenmod ) then you can configure ash to be the default prompt by logging into your device ( either ssh or adb shell works here ) and doing the following : # echo "/system/xbin/ash" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  this assumes /data/dropbear/.profile does not yet exist , because it will overwrite any existing version ( this file is not created automatically , though ) . it can be edited instead if the file already exists , of course . then restart dropbear and log in again . you should land at an ash session :
sorry , now i see the small microphone icon and globe icon for setting the speech language ( keeping the globe pressed allows you to choose which languages to toggle back and forth between ) on the soft keyboard that comes up .
without having the android sdk/android development tools ( adt ) environment it would be useless to have the adb usb driver as matter of the fact that the adb usb drivers are used to connect to android devices only through the adb interface for development/debugging/root purpose . so as @bass has rightly said about the android sdk you need to have it installed from this android developer site . after you download the sdk you need to install the usb packages from the sdk manager ( if you are connecting nexus ) /from the oem site ( clueless about which make or device number you are trying to connect and different oem have their own debug driver 's ) for the debug usb drivers .
if it is showing the android composite adb interface , then the driver should already be installed . what happens if you type the below in the window 's command prompt ? it should show your device and serial number ( assuming the phone is hooked up with usb debugging enabled , and you are either running adb from the directory it is located in , or it is located within window 's preset path variable ) . adb devices
no you can not do that with the stock camera application . try some third-party applications from play store photography apps . may be you can find some luck there . edit - well i found this one for you . have any luck ? camera android
in order to connect your phone to an exchange account follow these steps : from the home screen hit the menu button and choose " settings " . choose " accounts and sync " . click the " add account " button on the bottom . choose " corporate " . enter the full e-mail address and password of the exchange account you are trying to link , then click " next " . this step may require you to contact your exchange server administrator . you will need to know the name of the domain on which the exchange server resides , and then enter it in the first field before the "\" . leave the password field alone , and make sure that the server field lists either the ip address of your exchange server or the name ( commonly something like "mail.mycompany.com" ) . depending on how the exchange server is set up you may need to check or uncheck the two boxes below the server field , but usually the defaults work fine . then hit " next " . agree to the disclaimer ( all it says is that the administrator of the exchange server has the ability to wipe any exchange-related information from your phone without your permission ) and you should be all set ! if everything went according to plan you should start receiving e-mails right away in the e-mail app . edit : these steps should work for android 2.2 and definitely work for 2.3 .
use any application you want for recording your calls ! use an app like dropspace to set up sync lists , mark your recording directory and voila you are done and set to go like a boss :d
you can do this from the app you are currently using . go to the settings and click the dropbox link which can be found under cloud . make sure you have installed dropbox and you are connected to the internet . image : google play . click here for a larger variant . there are other options such as call recorder with dropbox as well .
the problem is solved by restarting the phone .
take a look at this forum : http://www.htcforums.com/desire-x/12477-updated-4-1-1-no-fm-radio.html . the only other way ( i know ) to get a fm radio on your device is to root it or install an . apk from outside the play store .
use spirit light . works well on desire , excellent app .
you can not ( at the present ) . there is no command in voice recognition for typing to specify that a common noun is a proper noun and it needs to be capitalized . however , this service seems to be in beta version ( see the link below ) and we can expect some improvements soon : https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/1407892 for now , android speech recognition is focused on recognizing commands such as " go to " , " send email " , " set alarm " , mainly for the use with google now . in the link below are listed the voice action commands that are recognized actually : https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2842392
most apps , if not all , have the Show Notifications checkbox . i suppose you will just have to go through all your apps , and see which one was unchecked and check it again .
the numbers in " app_xyz " name will be different on every device , since they depend on the order of installed apps . in adb shell or terminal emulator perform the following command : ls -l /data/data/  this should return a listing of installed apps ' directories that contain their data and settings , like so : the 2nd and 3rd columns list the app 's owner , while the 5th column contains the app 's package name . find the line corresponding to the " app_132" from your logcat entry , and the package name will help you figure out the responsible app . once you have the package name , try searching for it in the google play store . just use the link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xxxxxxx , where " xxxxxxx " is the package name you found . for example , on my phone " app_70" corresponds to " com . android . chrome " , which corresponds to google chrome browser in the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.android.chrome
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
many ways lead to rome : try a rom that specifically fixes your problems : i use an ics build , sandvold 's ics for desire which comes with 4 different app2sd methods included ( xda thread ) which i find rather stable . you can have a look over to xda 's desire forum , to search for more roms . use link2sd , create a 2nd ext2/ext3/ext4 partition that a choice of your apps get moved to ( manually ) and symlinked from /data/ to . see app on google play , official faq . cm7 also supports the standard move to sdcard method that you can also use ( and might already be aware of . downside : /data get 's full anyway really soon ) you could try to flash a different bootloader ( called hboot on desire , that has another partition layout . see alpharev for instructions and downloads , there is data++ with 180mb and cm7r2 with close to 300mb free for apps at the expense of shrinking other partitions ( /system , /cache/ , . . . ) . not every rom fits all of these though . warning : not for the faint hearted ! read about the risks !
there is a post on the cyanogenmod forum that explains how to solve the problem . i followed it and have had no more problems ! it boils down to this : use the rom manager to partition the sd card install s2e and use it to move the caches to the sd card
i was exactly like you but with cm7.2 i partitioned my sd and mounted it easily using terminal emulator writing only one line of on each boot and then quick reboot from link2sd then everything is completely fine that line is : mount -t ext2 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /data/sdext2 but before all that you should open link2sd and select the ext2 then reboot
second update ( success ) : one or more of the following ended up solving my problem ( i tried all at once instead of trying each sequentially , sorry ! ) : connect the usb cable directly to computer , not through a hub . use the heimdall command line option " --recovery " ( instead of "--recovery" ) . use the newer <a href="stackexchange-url heimdall 1.4 final . thanks to evan carroll for the info borrowed from other questions !
the answer came thanks to @hnkotnis at xda-developers . com and his info ( and experience ) on how to get into " download mode " without seeing the screen . my review of what i did to get heimdall connected without root , debug mode , and a screen/lcd to see : first , i am on linux ( debian ) so no odin , i used heimdall and heimdall frontend : * disconnect usb * pull battery * let set for a minute * press home+power+voldown for 2 seconds beyond the vibrate ( total of about 5 seconds ) * wait 3-4 seconds * press the volup button * plug usb in * press " detect " in heimdall frontend you should get a " device detected " in heimdall frontend . i also noticed a difference when connecting the usb cable with in " download mode " versus not in download mode . normal usb connection usb connection when in " download mode " you can see the thread on the xda forum here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=49840347
on android 4.0 at least , the " maps " app has a " my maps " layer . it will show you your saved maps . on older versions of android ( sorry , but i can not confirm this ) i think there is a separate " my maps " app .
the boot animation wont change since the boot animation where a series of images . in /system/media you will find the bootanimation.zip if you open the zip you will find the images replace the zip with your own boot animation of portrait images . there are plenty of tutorial on how to make your own boot animation .
open viber . tap the group that you have made . tap the gear icon on the top right on the app window . select leave/delete group .
if you are getting ics update from device manufacturer , its ok to upgrade . it'll be usable on small screen because you will not get bare vanilla rom . . manufacturers put their own skins over it . so , if sony ericsson is pushing upgrade to xperia mini , their custom skin would take care of usability . other than this , you will get performance boost with ics upgrade . there're other benefits , too . so , i would recommend you to upgrade . best of all , would you like to be out-of-date ?
i have one of these awful devices also . i will just put it simply and cut straight to the chase . . . it cannot play video well at all . i have rooted mine , in hopes it would play video files too , alas it is not possible . the cpu in the device is not powerful enough to handle decoding xvid ( a common . avi file format ) , let alone higher cocmpression h . 264 ( . mkv files , sometimes . mp4 ) . i use mine for an alarm clock , as it is not much more useful than this duty/task . if you are playing a mp3 file using the built-in player , and hit the home icon , it reboots . i had high hopes for this device , but it is just junk . i have considered selling mine on craigslist , but i do not want to dump this nightmare on anyone else either , i am just not like that . if you want a good tablet , that is able to play most video 's , get an acer a500 . you can find them refurbished now for about $250 or so . they cannot play hd video , but can play almost every regular definition file you throw at it , using bsplayer , or mirage beta player . i love my a500 and use it everyday , the whole family uses it in fact , and they all really enjoy it . the pandigital is nothing short of a paperweight . i have heard their other models are just as bad . the nova is supposed to be capable of playing videos , but it has issues too . just avoid this brand totally , and go with acer or samsung . acer is much faster than samsung , whereas the samsung screen is a little better than the acer . the samsung devices are quite expensive , and most of them come with a cellular phone built in , which was something i did not want in my tablet . you can get the acer devices at walmart , but your best bet is ecost . com as they have them on sale right now . the 500 is a great dual core 1ghz processor , the 501 is dual core 1ghz with cell phone , the 510 is quad core 1ghz , and 710 will be out soon with 1.3ghz quad core .
i advise you to use the application gps test , where you can see ( in a bar chart ) the satellites your device sees and how good the reception is for each satellite . if the gps of my device is working , the first satellite shows up in less then 5 seconds or so . then i gradually see more and more satellites appearing , with a lock taking something like a few minutes ( or much less ) . if my gps is not working , no satellites appear , not even after 10 minutes or more of waiting . ( however , take care , as the app does sometimes show old satellite charts , but you can easily see this because the reception values for each of the satellites remain constant , while they normally change every second or so ) and yes , the gps icon stops blinking once it locks on a position . that is when the latitude and longitude values are available .
i have the same problem on an htc desire hd . after the update from android 2.2 it has been been much better . still if you switch of location services or go abroad and and do not want to pay your massive roaming data charges you are pretty much out of luck , even with precached map sections in google maps . without the data connection the gps functions poorly , and takes up to 20 minutes to lock . considering that most free-standing gps devices , lock within about 1 minute it is very mysterious . a cynic would say , this is a deliberate android " feature " to ensure that google gets to collect as much location data as possible .
i had same problem with my htc desire s and nexus s , i has tried all options listed every where , the only thing that worked for me is uninstall gps status application and reboot the phone . now i never get any lock problem .
i was able to get a fix by doing the following : remove any rubber-case or any case for that matter as most of them affects the reception of the gps transceiver go outside . do not attempt to do this inside your house . go to settings -> location and turn on " use wireless networks " and " use gps sattelites " . ( connect to your wireless network now ) download and install the " gps status and toolbox " app . launch the app . press menu -> tools -> manage a-gps state press reset press download reboot your phone ( not sure if this is necessary ) . re-launch the app ( make sure that both gps and network are turned-on ) leave your phone ( while the app is running ) in a place with clear line-of-sight for about an hour . watch a movie , drink coffee , whatever . just leave it for an hour . btw , you should see a few satellites after 30 seconds but without locks ( no long/lat ) . after an hour , you should get a lock if there is at least one satellite . after your first lock , it will be faster ( a matter of seconds to a minute ) to get your next lock . and oh , you no longer need to use " wireless networks " on your consecutive locks so you can just turn that off . good luck !
gentle alarm . seems a little complex at first with profiles and alarms , but it rocks . the best feature is the one that allows you to skip alarms set to go off without actually turning off a configured alarm . i use that feature all the time . you have to pay for it , but its worth it . there was a comment about the concern of gentle alarm 's internet usage , below is what i found on the dev 's forum : i need internet access to allow users to send me information if they choose so . unfortunately , there are no conditional permissions . so even if you always decide not to send me any information when a crash happens , i still need the permission . there are two more reasons for internet permission : if you paid via paypal , you have to enter a key to unlock the app . this key is checked at some point when you are online every 3 months . and for market users such as system is coming . google recently added a licensing scheme as a minor step against piracy and you will start seeing this used in more and more apps . the app needs to call google servers to check if the license is valid . results are cached so that the app also works if online for extended periods of time . the latter two reasons are unfortunate . but for every legal copy i sell , there are more than 3 illegal ones out there . there are even some people who bundle apps and sell them at a discount . piracy has gone out of hand and if developers do not earn money with their apps , there will be fewer quality apps in the future . i will gladly discuss any concerns you may have .
tone picker ( appbrain link ) will allow you to use sound files for ringtones , notifications , or alarm sounds . i use the standard alarm clock on my htc incredible ( not sure if it is stock android , or sense ) , but i have got mp3s for some of the alrams . same too for some of the rings . update : re-read the op . not from a playlist .
good morning will let you " shuffle from a directory " of your choice . the app is free . it will also announce the day 's date and forecast for the day , as well as assign the alarm to specific days of the week .
alarm clock plus v2 . its free in the app market . let 's you set a song or a playlist , plus it has a ton of other options . its really a killer app . update : i still have the free ad supported version alarm clock plus installed on my phone but it looks like it is gone from the market . the only one left is the paid , ad-free version .
alarmdroid is also great ! it supports custom playlists and even internet radio . android «flip'n 'snooze» alarm clock application . makes you wake up in your way ! alarmdroid is a feature-rich alarm clock application . it is created to give every android-user the opportunity to wake up his ( her ) own way , not caring about whether he ( she ) is an early bird or a morning grouch . alarmdroid 's special feature is the flip'n 'snooze feature , which allows the user to turn the alarm clock back into snooze mode by turning over the phone . further , it provides a speaking clock , which does not only announce the time but even the local weather conditions . these and more features are waiting to be discovered by you ! even internet radio stations are supported as alarm tone .
jit typically causes an app to use more ram due to the jit cache , although android 's jit was specifically designed so the additional memory usage was minimal ( compared to a typical java jit ) . on phones that are already very ram-starved to begin with , jit may result in a decrease in performance .
i would leave the phone in rice for the next 48 hours minimum before sending it away . that seems to be the trick as the phone is quite tight , and certain components may need more time before the moisture will evaporate . having opened a nexus 4 myself , i can attest to how tightly the plastic seals .
zoe is not used in any app aside from the htc camera app . the mobile banking app will have just basic access to the camera where it can take pictures and in some apps , toggle the flash . if it is not accepting your pictures , it may not be taking clear enough photos or the lighting may be insufficient . or it could be the app itself . you may wish to try better lighting and be sure to hold absolutely still when taking the pictures . if not , contact the developer of the app for assistance . as for turning zoe off , it is toggled on and off in the camera app with the button on the opposite side of the screen from the shutter/video button .
weatherbug ( free ) seems to meet your criteria . has nice widgets , multiple location support , and tons of weather stations . there is also a pay version ( weatherbug elite ) which removes ads and adds several additional features such as radar in motion and detailed hourly forecasts .
there is also the weather channel official app - which some users claim is more accurate than weatherbug . try both and see which suits you better .
you must install busybox on your device . and you need a kernel with loopdevice support . i use a 2.6.35.7 kernel and i can run debian . you may have a armv6 cpu then ubuntu does not work .
this happens a lot to me . i wish i had a more technical answer but it seems like the compass needs to be reset and shaking it hard for a few seconds usually resets mine . i have had to shake it , reboot , and reopen the app and it comes back fine .
have you tried calibrating the compass ? settings-> location and security-> calibrate compass
hold the phone flat and make a figure 8 , do this a few times . these are the instructions found in this app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.apksoftware.compass
upgrading to gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) resolves this issue .
i would highly suggest zedge for awesome ringtones ! everyone in my family has been using it for quite a while , and finding some pretty sweet stuff : ) they have ringtones in the following categories :
you can try also myxer , which allows you to create your own ringtone from lots of songs . their website also has many things , such as wallpapers , mp3s , ringtones and more .
you do not need to do anything . every device using google backup with the same google account keeps its own separate set of data . when you sign into your google account for the first time after a factory-reset , the device will look through all the backup sets and try to pick the most recent one from the same device . it'll restore from that set of data , and use that to create a new backup set . only if you sign in on a completely new device that you have not used before ( not even before a factory-reset ) will it choose a set from a different device : in that case , the most recently backed-up set . so , you can leave your galaxy nexus backing up to its own set , and your galaxy s5 backing up to its own set . if you factory-reset one of them , it'll restore the apps and data from the same device . for a much more complete explanation of how google backup keeps track of different sets of backed-up data , see my answer to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ?
you should " root " your nexus to gain superuser privileges , that way you can delete all unnecessary apps and data that does not correspond with its new uses as a mobile streaming media device . http://lifehacker.com/5886876/how-to-root-the-samsung-galaxy-nexus if you are unsure what an app does , before you delete it you can google the app name and find out its function . it would be better to save the app or file to your computer instead of deletion in case you need it its easily retrievable .
i did not have any issue making a similar change myself , using the guides online that walk you through switching your samsung or telco branded galaxy nexus ( on the samsung upgrade track ) to a google branded one on the much faster google upgrade track . do not skip any steps , and be sure to back everything up , and be aware that you are probably voiding your warranty . i linked to a 4.1.1 upgrade guide ; i am sure there are newer ones out , though most of the guide will be identical .
i can confirm that you will have no problems if you follow the steps . i upgraded yakju . also this did not void my warranty . i had the motherboard replaced sometime after upgrade .
you need another android phone . you can either : restore your colornote 's tibackup on another phone install colornote on another android phone and view one of your backups ( go to settings-> sdcard backup , then choose one and ' view ' it ) colornote 's backup is in /sdcard/data/colornote/ ( if you need to copy it to your new phone )
to restore your notes from sd card which were backed up using colornote 's backup to sd card functionality you can try this . install colornote app and then go to Backup select SD Card Backup . see if your earlier backups from sd card are listed there . if they are , select the one and your notes will be restored . i have tried this using the same sd card , in your case you have a backup of it so i am not sure but i guess it should work . let me know how it helps .
hi i found the answer to lot 's of peoples problems on restoring colornote files . transfering from one mobile to another , i tried everything but like most people i could see them on the phone 's sd card but i could not read the files , this is how i managed . if you have files backed up to an external hdd copy the colornote data folder to the phone 's sd card , open colornote go to settings and sign out of online sync ( this is the secret ) , while in settings go to sd card back up and select the first one of your file 's when you select the file it gives the option to restore . hit restore and all your files will then show in colornote . if any files are locked it will require that you enter the password i just used the same as used on my old phone and i could then open and read the files .
it is easy to restore colornote backup files from pc : connect you android phone ( or tablet ) in mtp mode open connected android phone folder on your pc locate " data/colornote/backup " folder on the android device and copy your backup files to that folder open colornote on your android device and go to backup , select sd card backup , touch the saved backup data and restore it . if your android has a sd card , you could just plug the card into pc and copy the files . on my colornote versions , the backup restore deletes previous files .
you can install android emulator ( such as www.bluestacks.com/ ) install there colornote and send notes to email or save them to a file .
in my case the program had problem finding my backup after upgrading from android 2.3 to 4.2 . the backups were in sdcard1/data/colornote/backup and i needed to copy them to external_sd/data/colornote/backup for the program to find them .
this website has a very good answer : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-hacks/13466-how-back-stock-no-su-no-busybox-etc.html seems to cover all your bases . essentially involves : flashing the stock recovery and boot images to replace custom ones then either manually removing all the " root " bits , or ( option b in the post ) flashing the official update . zip putting your phone back to stock ! good luck : )
this code is used for factory format . it'll remove all files and settings including the internal memory storage . it'll also reinstall the phone firmware , which should remove your root ! once you give this code , there is no way to cancel the operation unless you remove the battery from the phone . so think twice before giving this code . enter this : *2767*3855# in the dialer .
this is a stab in the dark , that i read somewhere else : power + x volume up + camera button and in the menu select reset to factory defaults ? i am assuming this is going to take you back to ver 2.0 without root , without any apps , contacts or anything else you have done to your phone . granted , i do not know this for sure but its typically how all devices work eyes his old ipod video i have reset that thing so many times with a ' restore ' and it always removes any hacks i have done to it . i would be interested to find out how this works after the phone has been rooted .
i am assuming from the way the question is written , you may want fixed dialing numbers ( fdn ) . the samsung galaxy s4 can be set so that it may only call certain numbers from a set of specified prefixes . this is useful if you only want to call people on a specific network to save additional charges on inter-network calls . to do the restriction , you may need to follow these procedures . phone > menu > call settings > additional settings > fixed dialing numbers > enable fdn follow the prompts to supply the rest of the information needed . if you have fdn already enabled , and the number list is too broad , you can try disabling it , and using dialing presets instead .
since you said the phone is brand new there is nothing wrong with the software . it is most probably a defect with the screen . get it replaced and use a proper phone .
yes , and no . if an app had root access , then it could cause untold damage - but you have to specifically give it that access . the supersu or superuser apps allow you to specify which apps have root access , and what commands they run . you can use this to stop malicious apps , and to also determine malicious apps . so , to conclude : root access can be dangerous apps can only get root access if you allow them to you can see the commands the app runs as root
with root privilege , a malware app can certainly do heavy damage , but it does not work like that . just because an app is on a rooted device , it does not mean it gets root privilege automatically . with modern rooting standards , you will have to permit it . when an app requests root access , a pop-up from superuser or supersu app appears asking to allow it or not . if you do not know much about the app , simply block access . if you do not pay attention to this , you deserve to experience bad things . update : as a last line of defense , i would like to add that nobody knows from where nasty malware apps can exploit a loophole . you find un-rooted devices secure , but there're apps which are able to even root a device from inside ( there was a positive-purpose app named Root Exploit in google market which was later kicked out by google ) . so , if you want to be secure , do not install unknown apps . and , if possible , use play store only . these suggestions are irrespective of your device is rooted or not .
please note the below is generic details . oems have their own android wear apps , just as an example smart connect from sony according to this article : when you install an android app that also has an android wear app , the app is automatically installed on your watch . the watch connects and starts downloading apps using the phone’s internet connection . you need to have the android wear app installed on the phone to enable this . as for gmail , yes you can use it on a smart watch . see here for details . you can do the following with gmail in android wear : read email your new email will show up in a gmail card . touch the card to expand the message . if the message is long , you might have to tap to expand it multiple times . if you have multiple messages , you’ll see a bar at the bottom of the card that shows how many messages you have . touch the bar to see the rest of your messages . you’ll get gmail cards if you get gmail notifications on your phone . learn more about how notifications work on android wear . reply to an email when you get a new email , you can read and reply by going to the gmail card . swipe ← to the left until you see the “reply” action . you will have to touch to reply . you can’t use a voice command like “reply . ” if your watch’s screen is dimmed , touch it to wake up your screen first . your gmail message will show up in a card . touch the message you want to reply to . swipe ← to the left until you see reply . touch reply . say your message . your message will send automatically . keep in mind , you can’t edit what you said after this point . if you want to change or cancel your message , you’ll have one second to press cancel . send an email you can speak to your watch to send an email to a contact , or say the email address . if your watch’s screen is dimmed , touch it to wake up your screen first . say “ok google . ” you’ll see a white screen with a red “g . ” say the following : “send email to alex jones that i’m looking forward to dinner tomorrow . ” archive an email you can archive an email right from your watch . if your watch 's screen is dimmed , touch it to wake up your screen first . your gmail message will show up in a card . touch the message you want to archive . swipe ← to left until you see archive . touch archive . your message will be archived .
go to settings , more , application manager , then slide menu to the left till you see all . then scroll down and look for smart wifi and simply turn smart wifi off . hope that helps .
i also have the same tablet . i just installed a 32gb micro sdhc and it worked right off the bat . it came pre-formatted , i installed it with power off , and on power up it was recognized and mounted . polaroid 32 gb cl10 micro sdhc flash memory cards for tablet pcs and smartphones ( p-sdu32g10-efpol )
sent it back for repair . main board was exchanged and now it is working fine with the latest version . just bad luck i guess .
are you talking about a folder on your pc with a bunch of playlist files in them ? if so , you could use an app like dropbox to copy your playlist folder to your phone when you change your playlists on your pc . then you can browse to them using the file explorer on your phone .
a bit more playing around led me to a ( if not the ) solution . i found an " enable headset buttons " check box in meridian , which prompted me to dig further into beyondpod , where a found a similar setting . everything works as i would like now . i have since gone back and checked a couple of things though , which are not quite as i expected . i thought if you re-enabled the controls within one app , it might disable the other . this is not quite what happened . when i re-enabled meridian , it responded to the controls , although beyondpod still showed it as supposedly responding , which it did not . once i would disabled meridian again , i had to go back into beyondpod , disable and re-enable it is control in order to have it respond again . my main gripe was that if i were listening a podcast , and bumped the headphone controls , the music would start playing over the top of my podcast audio . while it may be a cute multi-tasking demo , it is not a particularly practical use of this feature , imh ( bc ) o .
yes , flashing a custom rom will void your warranty . however , it is very simple to revert to the stock rom with a galaxy s for warranty purposes . rooting will also void your warranty , but the method below does not require root . the easiest way to a get a new os for a galaxy s is to use odin for windows ( download here . search for " heimdall " if you want to do this on linux ) . you just need an odin-flashable rom . for the galaxy s vibrant , i highly recommend the rom i currently use , bionix v1.3.1 , which has a touchwiz-free version . i assume you have a gt-i9000 however ; you should look for one that suits your purposes in xda 's i9000 android development forum . edit : according to this post , the only completely touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod , which is unstable/buggy . so if you do not want cm and just want to replace the launcher , you can do that without flashing another rom as amanda says in her answer . otherwise you can continue with the instructions below for using odin . once you have the rom , do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery if non-i9000 , attach the phone to your pc via usb . hold volumedown plus either the home key ( i9000 ) or volumeup ( non-i9000 ) and the power button reinsert the battery . let go of the power button only about 1 second after the white device logo appears ( if it does ) after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , you can let go of the keys since this is download mode . start up odin . if non-i9000 , detatch your phone from usb . attach the phone to usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the custom rom ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
in order to replace the os there are a few steps that must be taken . i do not have a samsung galaxy s phone nor do i know how locked down it is . at this time , i do know that the sgs is not available on cyanogenmod yet ( popular stock-ish android os rom ) . in general , the steps for any phone would be : root the phone ( varies by phone ) download rom manager flash a recovery such as clockwork recovery make a backup of the phone 's original rom with nandroid use rom manager to download a rom , such a cyanogenmod flash the rom with rom manager . some phones it is not possible to flash a rom because of a locked bootloader . most motorola droid phones except for the original droid and xoom have this problem . however , as already mentioned , you can still replace the home launcher with another such as launcherpro , adw or numerous others .
i am not familiar with the samsung galaxy , but in general if you want to install an aftermarket os you need to root your phone and in general rooting your phone will void the warranty . do you have other reasons for wanting to change the os or is it really just touchwiz ? according to this xda post , the only touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod . it is very unstable on the galaxy s though . however , you can install a different launcher such as launcherpro . touchwiz will still be on the phone , but just in the background , so you can have a more " stock android " experience by using another launcher . i hope i have answered your intial question . do not hesitate to ask new questions about how to go about disabling touchwiz if you do opt to go that route .
quick answer : yes it is possible to get a nearly stock android on your galaxy s . i just flashed gingerbread to my galaxy s last week or so . you can find any relevant information here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/17020-all-models-cyanogenmod-7-for-samsung-galaxy-s-phones-experimental/ contrary to what is written in the first post i would actually say that it is already pretty stable for a rom which is described as ' experimental ' . since i installed it i cannot remember of any system crash or similar . ( which does not mean that it will not destroy your phone . ) there are some missing features/bugs though . notably : radio , frontfacing camera . another funny bug is that your data connection only works after you lock and unlock your phone . ( you have to do this once it boots so it is not a big deal . ) and oh , gingerbread is awesome . edit : if you are on linux you can use heimdall instead of odin .
i think you should try mail alert in the market ! it s a pager , where you can choose the ringtone / vibration / visual notification according to various filters such as from / subject / cc fields etc . for imap account , you can choose the folder to be checked , which seems to be your need if you created a folder by account .
by consolidating , i am going to assume that you are having gmail do a pop download of those other email accounts and bring them into your gmail inbox . if that is what you are doing , then i think the easiest way to have those accounts not notify you is to have them skip your inbox entirely and have a separate label applied to them . in your gmail settings , under " accounts and import " --> check mail using pop3 , you will have your accounts that you are downloading . for each account you do not want to be notified , use the " edit info " button , and set the account to be labeled , and to " archive incoming messages ( skip the inbox ) " .
i would suggest trying priority inbox , which can notify , vibrate , or ring on just your new important mail . switch to using the gmail app , instead of the standard email app . then go to Menu > Settings > Priority Inbox . additionally , mail filtering is a more " hands on " solution for this problem that both complements priority mail , and helps resolve the issue when using other email applications . for instance , in my gmail settings i created a filter for incoming mail addressed to one of my aliases . i set that mail to Never mark as important , Skip Inbox and apply a label . when email addressed to that alias arrives , i am not notified . but i can use that label to go back and read that mail at my leisure . the same can be done for your mailing list accounts , using the list: search parameter . gmail provides a few other useful search parameters such as has:circle and has:attachment .
i do this with multiple gmail accounts . load the email account that you want to skip notifications . click menu , then find settings . uncheck the box labeled " email notifications " . that account will no longer sound a notification , nor show up in the notification bar . you can still browse and read all email just like you would expect .
enotify from verietas provides this exact capability . it lets you create alerts that match various rules . one of the available rules is the account . so you can play sound x if from your gmail account . play sound y if from your yahoo account . but it lets you do so much more than that . . . you can play different sounds based on the sender and subject and all sorts . . . there a free lite version too if you want to check it out . cheers .
i would simply turn off email sync for those accounts specifically . you can do that by going to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync , selecting the account , and unchecking sync gmail . you can still check mail manually through the gmail app , of course . edit : the newest version ( 2.3.5 ) of gmail now supports turning off alerts for particular gmail accounts .
the prompt that appears is from the superuser app , which regulates root access for other apps on your device . it is a third party app , and is not part of the android system itself . to modify the apps that are approved for root access , simply open superuser from your app drawer . there is a tab which lists the currently approved apps , and tapping on an app will allow you to change its approval status or " forget " the status altogether ( which will bring up the prompt the next time you run it ) . there is also a setting that changes the behavior when you tap on an app in the list . you can set it to give you a prompt where you can select the approval status you want for the app ( as above ) , you can set it to " forget " an app when you tap on it ( with no prompt ) or you can set it to toggle between approval states when you tap ( again with no prompt ) .
short answer yes . it should act exactly like having a second browser . . . until you set it as your default android should prompt you to pick what client you want to use . if you choose k9 as your default and then delete it android will be smart enough to revert back to the default client .
when you first install an application that can handle the same intent as another application install ( for the sake of this example , let 's say a home launcher , but this works for any similar apps ) , then the first time you had press the home button ( which calls an intent to go to the home screen , which you now have 2 apps that could handle it ) , you will get a selection screen of applications that can fulfill that intent and you will have the option to set one of them as default . if set an application as default and you no longer wish to use that application as default you can either uninstall the application or you can go to settings --> applications --> manage apps --> go to the app in particular --> and click on " clear defaults " . this will reset the default application for that intent , so the next time you had press the home button you would again get a selection of home launchers to choose from .
one svn app is available in google play . but i think it can work as svn client only , i have not tried it though .
have you tried the " apollo music player"-app by the cyanogenmod team ? as far as i know you cannot read and play music from the external memory if the application is not able to . so you will not fix it by installing the app on the external sdcard . the appolo music player is : free great equalizer high quality this cannot be downloaded from the google market , but you might grab it from xda ( just be sure to enable to permit installing from unknown sources ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2196385
this sounds like it may be something your carrier is doing when the number your calling is busy . if i call a number that is busy , i get a busy tone .
see if this helps .
an alternative to converting wmvs to a format that the stock video player recognizes is to install a video player that can handle it , such as mobo player or arcmedia
i really do not know what the " best " means . you can find a great one , but you cannot say it is the best one forever . and i just want to suggest you the following two converters which i think is very great . free : freemake video converter paid : leawo video converter
firstly because they use the 3.5mm standard they will transmit sound to android just as you would expect on the iphone . all the controls work fine with the exception of the volume up and down . the microphone works currently on android as well . source : http://www.androidcentral.com/earpods-ear-holes-android
please see the comment by @t0mm13b . i have tried earpod with couple of samsung android phones . the sound works fine as expected . but the mic does not work and only gives a constant noise when tried to record audio . also play , pause , vol . up , vol . down controls are not working with android phones . if you need only its amazing sound quality ( for $29 ) , go for it . the speakers work in correct volume when the impedance matches with the device out . most phones are having ~32 ohms output impedance . technical specifications : Frequency Response: 5 Hz - 21 kHz Sensitivity: 109 dB/mW Impedance: 23 ohms  How to convert Iphone 3.5mm pin to standartd Samsung/Nokia 3.5mm pin?
there are four things in apple earpod speakers microphone play/pause button volume up/down buttons for speaker and microphone apple earpod supports universal head-phone config . should work with : htc , samsung , lg , most low-brand phones , some motorola and some sony , audio players . microphone and even speaker will work sometimes , but not well , with : nokia , most sony , most motorola . for play/pause button this works for most headsets . for vol up/down buttons this is very , very specific and you will have to do some research on sites like pinout . ru . people on the apple store say volume button works well with htc wildfire , but i am not sure .
the refund button on the play store is only available for 2 hours ( although google 's support pages say 15 minutes ) . from your question it sounds like you may be the developer of the app , in which case you can manually refund the purchase regardless of when the app was purchased via your google wallet merchant account . i do not think this actually reverses the purchase ( they can still install and use the app ) but the cost of the purchase is refunded to the user .
you can build that module yourself from the source code of the linux kernel your device is running ( presumably some cyanogenmod kernel ) . you can find out which kernel your device is running , and with which compiler it was built , using cat /proc/version . try finding the corresponding kernel sources in the cyanogenmod repositories . the kernel configuration file used to build your kernel ( . config ) should come with the kernel sources . if you are lucky , you can dump it with zcat /proc/config.gz on your device . put the . config file into your source tree . find a matching compiler . typically , one of the compilers coming with the ndk will be fine . if the kernel uses modversions , you first need to build the kernel to get the module . symvers file right . assuming the ndk 's cross compiler is in your path , try : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi-  one you have a kernel , add the modules you need to the configuration by using the xconfig ( or menuconfig ) make targets : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- xconfig  build the module . make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- modules  if insmod'ing the module fails with an error saying that _global_offset_table_ was not found , try adding the -fno-pic option : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- XTRA_CFLAGS=-fno-pic modules  good luck .
emails should not be stored on the sd-card , but if they are then they can be easily extracted . i would say that your emails on the device are not safe . i would recommend an app like webroot mobile security . you can wipe all your data or locate your phone with this app . there are other apps just like it . this is the best bet to keeping your data safe unless you are a spy then the only way to get ride of your data is through burning the phone .
by default email will be stored in the phone 's internal memory , not on the sd card . ( though you can ' move ' the app to sd storage , so it is possible that the sd card gets used ) . as others have said , once your mail is on the sd card , there is no protection as the sd card is removable ( since the data is unencrypted ) . for mail that is stored in the phone 's built-in memory , an attacker would have to unlock the phone to get the data . either directly through the mail app once unlocked , or to put the phone into " usb disk mode " to read the phone 's state from a usb-attached computer . ( a really sophisticated attacker could probably disassemble your phone and wire the flash to a custom reader , by passing the phone lock and read your unencrypted emails off of the flash . ) note that the exchange connection allows the exchange server to send a command to wipe your device . ( i believe this is contingent on some setup by the exchange admin . ) in the web ui for my exchange email server , there is an option to list authorized devices and to wipe them remotely . of course , the phone needs to be on a network to receive this command , so an attacker could delay this command by preventing the phone from using its networks .
no . it is a cdma phone using 800 and 1900 mhz bands . cdma phones can not be used on gsm networks ( at and t , tmobile . . . ) . gsm and cdma are completely different technologies .
i believe this is device-dependent and is not necessarily managed by android . the template wpa_supplicant.conf in /system/etc/wifi/ on my vibrant says this : by default , wpa_supplicant requests driver to perform ap scanning and then uses the scan results to select a suitable ap . another alternative is to allow the driver to take care of ap scanning and selection and use wpa_supplicant just to process eapol frames based on ieee 802.11 association information from the driver . this is controlled by setting the ap_scan variable in the in-use configuration file , /etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . mine is set to 1 , which is the default above . so i guess the question is , at least for my device , how does wpa_supplicant select a suitable ap ? it selects between networks based on explicit priorities given in /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf . for networks in the same priority group it selects based on " security policy , signal strength , etc . " though the exact algorithm is not given . in the case where ap_scan is 2 and scan_ssid is 1 , the algorithm is simple : the first available network in the list is selected . new networks are added to the file in the order they are encountered from what i understand ; it does not list individual aps , so i assume they are handled dynamically according to whatever algorithm the supplicant is using . i know that does not fully answer your question , but hopefully it is useful .
summing up from the comments , and adding a little . directory structure there is no complete documentation for the entire cards structure , that seems not to be fixed . however , some directories seem to be more or less common : the developers guide suggests app specific data should be stored below /sdcard/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/files/ ( &lt;package_name&gt; represending the name of the package the data belongs to , which looks like com.example.android.app ) , and /Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/cache/ for external cache files ( basically , this corresponds to the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/ directory on internal storage ) same source recommends a bunch of directories to store files intended to be shared among apps . all of those directories are located in the root of the card , and include : Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . Download/ - miscellaneous downloads . excluding directories from media scan if you wish to exclude a directory from the media scan ( i.e. . from being indexed for the gallery ) , you can place a file named .nomedia there . this will tell the media scanner to skip this directory ( including all files and subdirectories ) from a scan -- thus neither images , nor audio or video files stored here will turn up in the gallery . you however can still access them by looking them up manually . up to my knowledge , there is no way to restrict this to a certain media type ( i.e. . having the media scanner index audio/video , but skip images ) . important : note the " dot " at the beginning of the file name ( making it a " hidden file" ) . this must be included with its name .
you may try to run windows copy in virtualbox . vb has ability to connect physical usb devices to virtual machine . so windows will detect your phone . but beware ! using such way for flash your phone may render it unusable ( brick your phone , in another words ) . it is good to make sync between phone and pc . also i would like to see native linux version of pc suite too .
unless you have a previous backup , there is no easy way to recover them . use handcent or gosms - they have in-built scheduling to backup sms to your sd card or to send the backup to an email mailbox you specify .
spoiler : the following does only work on rooted devices ! if they are already gone , in most cases it is too late . however , some chances are left if your device is rooted -- but they are not that easy to achieve : you would need a complete ( physical ) file system copy from your internal storage , and pull that to your workstation . once you have achieved that , you can use a process called file carving to get hold of even deleted files . this might get especially tricky as most devices use yaffs2 for their internal storage -- a file system rarely used on any workstation . some file carving software solutions include : scalpel available for linux ( prefered ) , mac os x , windows foremost linux ; can also work on images created with dd -- so if you were able to create such on your device , the yaffs2 barrier is gone ) testdisk supports a lot of operating systems concerning this special case ( especially with yaffs2 ) , i would say the best approach would be to go with a dd image and foremost . as on yaffs2 things are not that lightly " deleted or wiped " ( to prolong the life of nand-flash , " stuff " is rather marked deleted and only overwritten when that storage block is needed to store new data ) , chances are quite good to recover " stuff " . not everybody 's easiest way , i know -- but there is no " easy solution " i could see .
it may be a firmware upgrade ( firware over the air fota ) . there is a fota app . go to apps in settings . click on clear data for fota app . check for update again .
going by the error message which the device is giving conveys that the android update has crashed midway . this crash during the update is possible due to loss of network connection or the device booted during the update . as the update has crashed you will not be able to update your phone even if your place an sd card or not because the operating system of ay android version irrespective of the hardware is always installed on your on board storage space but not on the sd card . the only possible solution for your crashed update is first you need to do a factory reset . doing a factory reset will completely wipe our memory and will retain your device as it was in the start when you purchased it . before going ahead with the factory reset please be sure that you are ready to wipe your data and have a backup present with you . after doing the reset make sure your device is completely charged and have a good connection to the internet . if you do not have any one of the above then you could again face the same issue and to the max may not be able to use the device in severe cases . once both are achieved you should be able to easily update your device
if you do not mind factory reset/wipe the phone and try updating again ( back-up data before doing so ) . it should do the trick . but before trying above method , also try this because i doubt that the device is lacking memory resources on both sd card and internal memory . try to make some free space in internal memory/external memory ( 400 mb-500 mb must be suffice ) .
have you tried doing the update from your pc instead ? you can download the mobile upgrade software and connect your device to your pc to perform the update . launch the tool and update your phone by following the step by step instructions ( refer to the user guide provided together with the tool ) . your phone’s software will now have the latest software . note that this will wipe your device according to the user manual which also recommends using the one touch center software to backup/restore your personal information all personal information will be permanently lost following the update process . we recommend you backup your personal data using one touch center before upgrading .
if you are only interested in looking at http requests , then it is possible to do that by installing a web proxy and configuring android to use it . however , that is not completely reliable , as not all apps respect the central proxy settings : firefox is an example of an app that does not . a web proxy does not require root , but the user has to set it up by hand : you can configure it automatically only if you have root . if that were not the case it would be a bit of a security problem in android : a normal app could eavesdrop or otherwise interfere with other apps ' network communication . of course , even for real packet sniffing , you only need to root the device if you want to install the sniffer on the device . to see the device 's network traffic , it is much easier and more convenient to install a sniffer on a desktop linux machine acting as a ( wi-fi ) router .
if you have a compromised kernel , then it does not matter whether you have root or not . packet sniffing app goes through the kernel 's public interface for sniffing packets , which is why they are subject to security restrictions ; a compromised kernel can simply bypass all that and read the packets directly from the kernel internal data structure or directly from the hardware . kernel code runs under supervisor mode which gives them direct access to the hardware including being able to read any parts of memory of any program running on the system . if it is a branded phone that had been customized by your telco , they build the device image for your device , including the kernel image . in non-branded phone , it is similar situation except it is with the manufacturer . additionally , manufacturers can also install malicious hardware .
since both sets of instructions you link to consist of running some closed-source software that interacts with your phone through the debug interface , only the authors of those programs can tell you precisely what they do . as ce4 says in his comment , the one on the xda-developers website exploits a vulnerability : that is , a defect in the phone 's software . the defect lets a program run as root on the phone , and this software uses that to install a program permanently so that it always runs as root . the other software could be doing anything . if it works for your phone , it probably exploits the same vulnerability , but only the author can tell you for sure .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
i had to change the last part of the inf file . it worked perfectly after this change .
ssh internet through connect bot answer to this question describes how to do it .
i just released a free app on google play called ardp free , which supports seamless rdp over ssh . here is the link to it : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iiordanov.freeardp i also have an app which supports seamless vnc over ssh in google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iiordanov.freebvnc
it depends . if an application uses features present in android 2.3 , then it will not work on 2.2 or lower . if it only uses features present in older versions , then it will work on those older versions . for example , an app written for 2.1 ( i.e. . , an app that only uses features from 2.1 or lower ) will work on 2.1 , 2.2 , 2.3 , 3.0 , and 3.1 ( and any future versions , unless google changes how things work ) .
internally android uses so called api levels to distinguish between the various android versions . an app records two ( actually three , but this does not matter here ) api levels within it is manifest : minSdkVersion targetSdkVersion these levels can differ when , for example , the app uses a feature of a higher api level only optionally . e.g. the access to the front facing camera came with 2.3.3 . if the app runs on a older version ( api level ) it can only access the rear camera . but the app will be installable and runnable . so yes , if a app is written for a higher android version it could run on a lower , but only if the app developer took care of that .
here is an old question on stackoverflow about the same thing . it does not look like there is any way to view them directly , but there are various apps that can do it .
yes , you can delete log files on your device . . . using the app sd maid ( explorer tab ) on a rooted samsung galaxy note 1 ( n7000 ) , android 4.1.2 , lt5 build , i found 900+ log files in /data/log . after clearing the literally hundreds of dumpstate* files , i got my internal memory back from only 207mb up to 1040+ mb ! now i can complete all the missing updates . these files were dated back over more than 1 year and seemed to serve no valid function any more . afterwards the device booted , was faster and no functionality was lost . looking at the dates of these files they coincided with some system crashes and sd card mounting problems i had received in the past . but in order to even see these files you will need a rooted device . using the clean master app on a rooted device also found a lot of files which could be deleted . here are the links to the apps in google play store as requested sd maid : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.thedarken.sdm clean master : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguard
logcat messages are not stored in files , but rather in circular memory buffers . you may clear these buffers using the following command : adb logcat -c  source : using logcat
i remove the saved networks and it started working again . hope this helps someone else .
had similar problems . my nexus 4 was discovered just fine , but nexus 10 failed to be seen as an android adb device . so i uninstalled the nexus 4 drivers , rebooted , and then installed some unsigned drivers from internet called naked drivers . after that both nexus 4 and nexus 10 were properly recognized . then , attempted to unlock the nexus 10 using wugfresh nrt ( i am lazy , i know ) and after a temporary install of twrp , wugfresh nrt told me to do a factory reset to prevent a bootloop . so i did this , but it told me that it failed a couple of times . after reboot , found myself in a bootloop , exactly what i tried to avoid . after some google search came around this movie that explains how to do a basic wipe , but from original recovery not twrp . http://www.youtube.com/embed/t1se7hr9cww written explanation of the steps from the video above ( in case it goes down ) : press and keep power , volume up and volume down to escape from bootloop and reach the fastboot menu in the fastboot menu use volume up and volume down to navigate and select power off button to make a selection , so just select the recovery option you will reach the recovery mode ( there is an icon with android robot on his back and a " ! " sign ) and press quickly all three keys at the same time ( power , volume up and volume down ) . if you succeed , a blue menu will appear , so from there , just select your wipe option . after i tried this , it worked and found myself at configuration screen for first time setup . next , i downloaded latest version 2.5 for twrp , replaced the old 2.4.1 in the folder wugfresh development\data\recovery_custom\twrp . after that , using the wugfresh interface i went for the root and also checked custom recovery . this time everything went smooth and also twrp was upgraded . hope it helps .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
i think i found the problem . like bjoernz said , some application is creating many objects from mediaplayer class and it is not releasing that after . so , i opened an adb shell , became root ( su ) and i found the pid ( process id ) of mediaserver , using the command : ps | grep mediaserver the mediaserver 's pid , in my case , is : 84 then , i listed all resources used by that pid with the command : lsof | grep 84 and i got the following result : so , it became easy to identify that the official twitter application ( com . twitter . android-1 . apk ) was the problem . then i removed twitter application and i installed tweetdeck instead and the problem disappeared since last week . hope this can help you . [ ] 's
i noticed this problem on my galaxy s , it took a while to piece together , but it appeared to have started when i began using third party task managers . it happened with advanced task killer and watchdog installed . i went back to using the native task manager and the problem appears to have gone away . . . . has not occured in the past week . i am running 2.2.1 . what i thought was the strangest was it happened on days i did not even use the task manager , just the mere presence cause the problem . . . unsure of the technical reason behind this , but do not care . . . native task mgr is fine . hope this helps the rest of you .
a last resort is always a factory reset , which should fix this problem . you could also have a look at the logcat output , maybe this will give you a hint about the cause of the problem .
i have finally had a chance to look at the logcat while the problem was occuring . the error message reads : Completed command PLAYER_PREPARE status=-17  according to this forum " it’s caused by having too many mediaplayer objects active at once . " unfortunately i have not yet found a fix . the only known workaround seems to be rebooting . i am still not sure , which app ( or combination of apps ) reproduce the error reliably . edit : i guess that any application , that uses the mediaplayer class can cause the problem . those apps probably never reach a state where they call mediaplayer . release ( ) . maybe we need to contact the vendors of applications that use the mediaplayer , so they make sure they call release ( ) . my superficial research did not lead to a solution , that would fix the problem without a reboot . edit 2: i have updated to android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) and unfortunately this problem still persists . some logcat messages around the error :
the same problem is on my galaxy s . i have noticed that if i use google listen and have some queue , mp3 stops playing . after clearing queue it was getting ok ! but . . . it seems adobe flash influences on media playback too . if i use it them any media playback fails , before rebooting . maybe 2.3 will fix the problem . almost tired to find the solution for 2.2 on galaxy s
have you tried testing for individual media files causing the problem ? many moons ago i had a problem where certain files would corrupt the database of music and eventually cause problems for the whole library . this is very hypothetical as my experience was not on an android device and my galaxy s works just fine . despite this i thought you could try loading only a small subset of your media on and see if you still get the problem . it does not look like a codec problem and perhaps the media scanner cleans the database when you restart the phone . sorry i do not have a better answer .
i experience the same problems , and i can not seem to get a consistent cause . after rebooting my phone , i do not see the problem again for another 12-24 hours . because i use custom music as my alarm clock , i have adopted the habit or rebooting my phone before going to sleep . it is caused many late days to work before i figured out what was going on . i started with a factory fresh install . tested it out for a few days with no problems . begin installing programs one-by-one with no problems . eventually i started using widgets , with no problems . i installed launcher pro with no problems . but now the problems have started up again . i uninstalled launcher pro altogether to no avail . i removed all of my widgets , which appeared to work . i added them back one by one and i did not seem to have any problems . but the problem came back . over the period of two weeks , i could not isolate one widget that was causing the issue , so i ruled widgets out all together . i have custom ringtones for my sms , notifications , g-talk , gmail , and ringtones . when this problem occurs , i can not even get my voicemail to play , much less anything else . i use a program called " soundhound " to discover music i have not heard before . i think it might be related . then again , i also use advanced task killer , but even when i had that installed before it did not have problems . i think when i use soundhound , it is setting off some kind of strange chain-reaction which eventually---hours later--causes my phone to have this error . i do not know enough about the logs or how to access them actual debug the phone , but i do know droves of people have had this issue and there seems to be no fix . in the meantime , i have uninstalled soundhound and i am checking to see if i still have the problem .
i have the same problem here , using galaxy s with android 2.3.3 . looking at the log , we can see the pid ( proccess id ) used by playerdriver . v/playerdriver ( 84 ) : completed command player_prepare status=-17 so , i have killed the playerdriver process and it has fixed . in order to do that , you need to root your device and connect with adb as root . ex . : adb shell su next time i will try identify what files and pipes the process is using through lsof command hope this help .
that is one of the many things tasker does for me , with a quite simple profile : condition : app ( select your browser , reader , etc . , multiple apps can be selected simultaneously ) task : display-timeout ( all sliders to max = never ) optionally , you also can adjust screen brightness . then , as soon as one of the selected apps is running in the foreground , that action triggers – the screen will not turn off anymore . when you bring another app in front which was not selected with your condition , tasker reverts to the previous state automatically . of course , there are also several apps available just doing that and nothing else ; but having one app ( tasker ) that can doing this and so much more , i forgot about them long ago . . .
is not possible install apps of google play without gapps , but you can install a " minimal google play " http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484
although charging it slowly will not have a problem , in your case your should not as it is giving a ' x ' mark . . but you should take care you are not using your tab while charging . since the charging process is slower than normal , if you simultaneously plug in and use the tab , the battery might deteriorate . also use quality charger .
grab this . apk file from the xda forums and sideload it like you would any other app . the instructions state that it will work on unrooted devices , and cnet actually ran an article detailing this a little while back . the original xda thread is here , the link you need is the one under the qr code ( the " apk method" ) . this particular method will evidently only work if you live in the us and have android v4.0.2 or later installed , but that should cover any typical vzw galaxy nexus at this point . as far as i am aware , you will not be able to get updates from the play store if you sideload like this , but that is the only caveat i have personally encountered thus far on my vzw galaxy nexus . i used the free $10 prepaid balance at mcdonald 's without any issue . a few additional musings after doing some experimentation : after sideloading the . apk above i was not able to update wallet from the play store app on my phone . however , if i logged into the web store and visited the page for wallet , it listed my galaxy nexus as compatible . hitting install on the web page allowed me to push the updated version to my phone successfully , despite the fact that i could not do it from my phone . if you are itching to try out the newly added ability to add your credit card to wallet , you could try the above to get yourself updated to the newest version . alternatively , if you consider me a " trusted source " ( i am trustworthy , i swear ) you can get a copy from my dropbox account . i simply pulled the updated . apk file from my device after i updated through the play store , so i can safely say this version has not been tampered with by any third parties .
as mentioned in the whatsapp faq : whatsapp is not designed to be used with proxy services , so we cannot provide support for proxy configurations . there are many other apps that have this restriction and hence many other applications may have issues functioning properly with proxy servers .
this is due to the fact that the lockscreen recognises that the device is a tablet , and therefore makes it stay in landscape mode . there is an easy way to counteract this , however it does require the use of a third party application called set orientation , which allows you to force apps into any orientation you wish . just open up the app , and set the drop down to ' automatic ' . the screen will then rotate when you rotate the device .
the su binaries are not included with the original distribution of android , because they are not used at all by any stock system functions . obviously , there are those of us that like to be able to do those things ; ) most rooting processes take care of this , but some leave it out . hence the file @matthew read linked to should take care of your problem , if you follow the process he outlined : ) if you had like to read more about it , you can visit the superuser website and find more downloads there , although the link posted supports eclair , froyo , gingerbread , honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . so it should cover you : )
i have the same problem with kies , all music but no playlists ! i tried winamp but no luck there either , it did crash alot on my pc , and s3 . so i tried a few other apps on play store , i am using easy phone tunes , i paid just over £1.00 for it , now it does all ther playlists . . . but . . out of 2226 tracks it syncs about 1980 tracks . however it gives me a list of all that it will not copy , it is a shame i can not copy/paste info from that list . i know it will not copy drm tracks , but i only have about 3 of those that i have bought from itunes anyway . i have emailed the dev of the easy phone tunes app for the pc and s3 , i am running sync again now to generate a log file to send him .
same issue . on my old android phone the best solution for me was songbird with the folder sync plugin . unfortunately samsung galaxy s3 only supports mtp mode and not mass storage mode , and folder sync will not work in mtp mode . i have tried several desktop players and they all fail to syn playlists properly : windows media player , songbird , media monkey , and winamp . they all have the same problem , they create the play lists in the playlist folder and if you click on them they look ok but when you open them in the phone 's player no songs . i did find an interesting post for creating . m3u files with a script and copying them to your music folder here : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/583712-syncing-music-playlists-galaxy-s3.html turns out that songbird + folder sync plugin will create the right kind of m3u playlists so you can stage what you want on your phone using folder sync then cut and paste it into the phones music folder using windows explorer .
since we can not transfer the playlist directly from the pc the alternative is to store the songs that you need in a playlist onto the mobile in a folder . then create a playlist on the mobile and when you have to add the songs transfer the songs from the folder containing the specific songs . until samsung makes the playlist transfer feature same as iphone , this seems to me the only method available for the moment .
you simply looked in the wrong place in the settings . factory reset is located in the privacy options . as for the " hardware way " described in the other answer : the key combinations are device-specific . as you did not mention the name of your device , guessing the correct combination is like playing in a lottery ; )
try these steps : turn your device off press both volume button and power button . you should be accessing the boot loader by now . look for the option " clear storage / factory settings " using the volume button . once found press the power button to confirm .
the easiest way would be using a " profile switcher " . as your demand is time-based , a good and easy choice would be timeriffic ( available for free and high rated ) . here you could simply say : 24h/day disable these things . an alternative would be profilescheduler , which also allows switching profiles by click ( so you do not need to setup a schedule , just the profile ) . ah , btw : needless to say that this does not require a rooted device ; ) edit : if your intention is to keep other people from tempering with certain apps , you might want to take a look at so-called " app lockers " -- with which you can password-protect some/all your apps ( including e.g. the play store app to keep them from installing something else ) . here possible candidates include : app lock ( free , high rated ) app protector ( free , good rating ) ultimate app guard ( free , high rated ) and many more . and btw2: using an app locker , you can also protect the settings menu ( to avoid easy changes to e.g. bluetooth status ) . edit2: if the devices are rooted , you could even bring a " local firewall " into play : use droidwall to define which apps may access the internet ( via mobile and/or wlan separately ) , plus an app locker to password-protect droidwall . this way the apps themselves would be accessible ( unless you lock them completely as well ) , but their access to the net would be handled separately ( by droidwall ) .
as with normal disks , this should apply to the disk and not a specific partition . some file systems offer additional caching , which then would apply to the specific partition -- but disk cache should always apply to the entire disk .
for the following procedure you will need adb installed on your computer ( if you are not already have that , see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . alternatively , a terminal emulator app should do as well . android apps are managed by the " package manager " , which as a command-line interface called pm . so here 's what you can do with it for your case : of course you have to replace com.package.name with the package name of the app you want to deal with . easiest way to find that is visiting its page on google play , and take a look at the url : the package name follows the id= parameter there . it is the -k parameter telling the package manager to keep the app 's data . now , when you re-install the app , its data is already there ( was not removed ) . all this does not require root ( at least as long as we talk about a user-installed app ) .
android has not got function which you described . if you have root access on your phone , you can make a copy of folder /data/data/com.xxx.xxx , reinstall app , and overwrite generated folder by your copy .
when you see a message &lt;User&gt; was removed then it means two things : the group admin removed the user from group . the person deleted/deactivated his account . i can vouch for this one because my friend lost his mobile and on deactivation the message appeared in my group that he was removed without me taking action . yes , &lt;User&gt; was removed and &lt;User&gt; has left mean two different things , &lt;User&gt; has left comes up when user voluntarily leaves a group but keeps his whatsapp active .
i am the admin of my group and i did not remove my friend yet the message appeared " user was removed " i think when someone deactivates their account then this message comes but maybe there is one more possibility , if that user blocks the admin then he/she might be getting removed from all the groups where the same person is the admin whom he/she has blocked . and yes if the admin removes that person then also ' user was removed ' will show
it might be the difference one one getting removed by others ( group admin ) and one leaving group by self .
yes if admin of group removed a person from the group then , whatsapp will " username was removed " , if the person in a group left the group then it will show " username left " . . it is not means user deleted the account
if the admin itself goes off from the group before removing all the other members then it shows this message about the admin to the other remaining members left behind in the group .
the samsung rom does not have the stock aosp dialer and contacts app . it has touchwiz themed dialer and contacts app . this is one of the most glitchy and slowest of dialer apps out there . try the swipe dialer if you care to . it has good reviews and seems to be working fine across the board . another option will be to port aosp dialer as in cyanogenmod . this is advanced stuff and you will need knowledge of adb . try it out if you want . the easiest way out is to flash a custom rom . try cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoid android , etc . there are several others too . try xda developers forums for more in depth info .
user @izzy explained that encoded pictures are actually included in the .vcf created from the export . this led me to think that the issue is actually with thunbird 's contacts import and not with android 's contacts export . as it turns out this is right . since the default way for thunderbird to import vcards appears to be faulty , i used the add-on morefunctionsforaddressbook to import the address book . it worked fine and included all the pictures !
the discussion you have been reading is about compiling a modified kernel and a custom rom for the galaxy s4 , using a replacement wireless driver that is been changed to add support for ad-hoc wi-fi networks . the path /driver/net/wireless is a path in the kernel source tree , which contains the source code for the driver that needs to be changed before compiling the new kernel . it does not refer to any path on the device itself , or anything else you can change on the device .
the galaxy y gt-s5360 simply does not have backlighting for its capacitive buttons ( source 1 , source 2 ) whereas the ace does - there is nothing you can do .
this is a general android question that applies to all devices . messages ( sms ) are queued if there is no signal . see screenshot ( device is in airplane mode ) .
that happened to me when i was trying to test on a real device an unsigned app that i built , maybe that is the case . if you are a developer , sign the app before testing it .
first , make sure you have sufficient internal memory ( that should be more than just the app size , because app needs to store data too ) . the storage for apps is different from internal mass storage . you can find it under settings > storage , look for the applications label . also , if the app is , say 20 mb , keep at least 50 mb free , because apart from the app storage , android also tends to slow down when short on internal memory . if you are trying to update/overwrite an installed app , try removing it first . source . if that did not work , try this solution . it is aimed at titanium backup , but i guess it might work for other apps too .
there might be mainly these two possibilities 1 ) either the device did not have the sufficient memory 2 ) adb connection time out error to solve 1 ) clear you temporary memory , un install application or clear un wanted cache 2 ) go to preferences-> android-> ddms and increase you adb connection time out according to your need mine is 11000
flow 's absolutely right , but if you want to try another messenger that supports gtalk you could try meebo , ebuddy , or trillian . there are others , of course , but those are the ones i have tried that work well .
there is no google talk app within the market . google talk is more or less wired to the android release . it is usually an icon in the app drawer simply named " talk " . your phone seems pretty locked down by the carrier ( or somebody else ) . if it really came without google talk , which would be pretty uncommon , your only chance is to install the google talk apk manually .
you can force the mobile version to load by appending ?m=1 to the url : http://avventureplanetarie.blogspot.com/m=1
when you request a web page using a web browser , your web browser sends User Agent string with this request too . using this string , a website can detect technical specs of user viz . web browser , os , device etc . in case of nexus 7 , blogger is not pushing mobile version . so , better contact blogger dev team for that . its a blogger issue .
without seeing a concrete example , i can not really tell , but it is likely it is because of the way mobile detection works is usually by screen resolution/size . nexus 7 may have a screen large enough that the it is being detected as a normal desktop/laptop . with certain designs , a separate tablet layout may be unnecessary if the site are usable with both mouse and touch input .
everything i have seen suggests you can only do it if your phone is rooted . here 's a tutorial for those with rooted phones .
try magisto . i just tested it initially and managed to record for almost 2.5 hours before i stopped it .
the kies backup/restore function should work , as you are not rooting , upgrading or changing roms . however , it can be a little flakey , so be prepared for this to not work and to lose your system and app settings . see 1 . a reset certainly will not harm it . however , lags are likely to be due to one of your apps misbehaving , so a backup/restore will likely put you right back in the same boat you are in now .
there were too much data on my galaxy note , i just want to clean it up , but accidentally deleted the whole contacts and photos . how can i get them back ? is there any solution to recover deleted content from samsung galaxy note ? here is my recommendation : dr . fone for android , you can use it to scan and recover deleted contacts and photos directly from samsung android devices , as well as sms and video . watch video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaxifroe54m
sch-i535 is not a gsm phone so will not work with any 2g or 3g t-mobile tower . also that phone only supports lte frequencies of 700 mhz and 1900 mhz , neither of which are bands that t-mobile use to any significant degree . instead t-mobile uses 1700 and 2100 mhz . t-mobile is however in the process of rolling out 700 mhz and 1900 mhz , so you might get data in the near future however you will not generally be able to make calls as that is currently handled by the 3g networks . and even where volte is available this phone will may not have the software update to support it . update : despite not being listed in the specs of samsung 's website , nor gsm area , or wikipedia sch-i535 does infact support gsm beyond lte . it appears that verizon pushed out an update with 4.1.2 jelly bean which enabled support for gprs/edge/gsm 850/900/1800/1900 mhz and hspa/umts 2100 mhz ( band 1 ) . t-mobiles 3g support requires aws-1700/2100 ( band 4 ) , however they do support 1900 mhz for gsm/edge 2g service . so you can get edge but not hspa , although you may soon get lte depending on t-mobiles rollout .
i do not think it is a bug . google have un-intuitively moved it around in ics . try this . open gallery> select menu button > tap " select items " > select a photo > now tap the share icon . all the sharing options should now be visible .
yes , it will take longer to charge if you are using it . the same as when you are using a laptop while it is charging .
yes . the galaxy nexus will accept no more than 4.5w of power ( 0.9a @ 5v ) from a charger , regardless of what the charger is capable of supplying . this is not a whole lot , so doing stuff will cut down on the amount of power available to charge the battery and it is actually possible to run down the battery while you are plugged in . testing by a guy on reddit showed peak power draws from the battery of over 5w when using google maps , so you had end up using the entire charger supply to power the hardware , and another 0.5w drawn from the battery .
you will always have to approve on the device when initiating an adb backup or adb restore -- this is a security measure . otherwise any villain could obtain your data ( adb backup ) or place malware on your device ( adb restore ) . if you do not approve the action on your device , it is assumed it could be mentioned villain intending some evil actions , and hence the process is aborted -- again said security measure . to my knowledge , there is not anything ( apart from applying some hack to the adb code/libraries/binaries on the device itself ) to " work around " this .
only if you are rooted . see this answer : taking a screenshot of an android phone ?
try map it ! it wont let you send anything from the maps app , but the map it ! app uses google maps and lets you draw routes and put push pins into the map , then take a screenshot of it and send it via email or mms . it is useful if you want to send a picture of a particular place on a map or some kind of mock up to a map , but it is no good if you are trying to send the route that you already mapped out in the seperate maps app . to do this i believe you had have to draw the route by hand on the map in map it . also , you should note that it puts an add at the top of the screen ( in the same way other apps do this ) and when you take your screen shot it will show that add too . there is an ad free version that i have not tried .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
you are probably not going to like my answer , but i do not think there is anything you can do about it . i have tried to turn this off myself in the past , but the android os is such that you will receive a force close vibration no matter what . now , regarding your application actually force closing , here are my two best guesses ( since i can not see any of your code ) : you are trying to use a feature that requires documentation in the manifest file . you are overburdening the ui stack by not threading processes that take a long time to accomplish ( i.e. . contacting a server and receiving data , handling remote data , etc . ) , which can be solved with asynctasks . also , if you are getting frequent force close errors , please use ddms . it is an absolute god send for this kind of stuff . i know a lot of people who just try to " figure out " where they went wrong . debugging is a skill in its own right . sorry i could not directly answer your question . i instead tried to pinpoint where else you may be going wrong with your applications , which , to me , would seem to be a bigger issue . edit : to show you how i arrived at this conclusion : i firstly tried to look through all settings ( including my galaxy s manual ) , and obviously no cigar . i noticed that there are two classes that a developer must look into to at least see if this vibration can be turned off programatically ( for your specific program ) . these classes are the notification and vibrator classes . upon inspection , you can see that there is nothing within these classes that will allow you to do that . it is a system property . realizing that you must put in a " vibration " intent into the manifest in order to even manipulate the vibration should further prove this point :  &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE"/&gt;  i was not really prepared to mess around with the actual android low-level code so i brought the issue up with my friend ( who has been messing around with the actual android kernel and os itself for a while ) in order to validate my suspicion . he said that this property was built in . in other words , you would have to override the property within the os itself in order to change the force close vibration . for me , that was the end of me trying to turn off this property .
i have found ghostcommander ( open source ) to be just as good , and it is smaller ( takes up less room on limited flash space ! ) . you can find it on fdroid repository .
i have the same problem . it is ridiculous . i do not really have a solution , but here 's my workaround : i forward the found email to myself . ( doing this , you still will not be able to read the message in the composition window ! ! ) so you will be able to read the forwarded message only when it comes around in your inbox . i really do hope they will fix this .
full text to speech is only hidden and can be re-enabled in older htc versions of android through a keyboard hack . alternatively you can install goggle voice search just to enable search via voice . text to search is fully supported by htc in the froyo software update and can be accessed via the keyboard or holding down the search key .
have a look at vlingo : http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.vlingo.client it learns over time and many people find it more accurate than google 's voice recognition .
i have an htc desire and speech to text works fine . are you holding down the microphone keyboard button to the left of the space bar ?
there is a google-made app with almost exactly that name , that does let you read google books on your android device , google play books . i am pretty sure that should do what you want .
as janusz explained , this program scans and indexes media files on the internal and removable storage . sometimes the media scanner using a lot of cpu can be a result of it trying to scan one or more corrupted files . this is usually a symptom of your sd card starting to fail . try scanning your sd card 's filesystem for errors on a proper computer ( e . g . using fsck on a gnu/linux system , or scandisk on windows ) . if any errors are detected and fixed , put the sd card back in your phone and see if the problem goes away .
the media server is responsible for indexing the images , videos and music files on the device . it then is queried by programs like the media gallery or the music player for filtered lists of certain media types . i think that it would be restarted pretty fast after killing . i would assume that somehow there are many write options on the sd card and the media server will constantly reindex your mass storage . but i do not know a solution for that .
gps does not understand static direction at all ; it can only infer direction from motion . but there is an electronic compass inside the phone as well as the gps . you might want to download the " gps status + tools " program from the market ; you can see detailed status information for both the gps and the compass .
because your phone is branded by orange austria , the sim card is likely locked . sonyericsson states : . . . you can’t unlock the boot loader if you have a sim lock protected phone http://unlockbootloader.sonyericsson.com/which-phones#13182586887331if_height=1139
the default , built-in android browser does not do a lot of advertising of itself at all ( as it does not really need to ) . most 3rd party browsers put their name and/or logo in as many places in the ui and menus as possible . if you can not see any browser names or logos in the interface then you are probably using the default built-in browser . to see if a specific web browser on your phone is being used as the default for any actions , then go into settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all , and find it in the list ( the built-in browser will be called either " browser " or " internet " in the list , depending on your version of android ) . when you the browser 's icon in that list the application info screen should appear , and if that browser is currently set to be the default , then you should see a section labelled " launch by default " where it will say " you have selected to launch this application by default for some actions " . if the browser is not set as default that section will say " no defaults set " . if you want to change the default browser , just click the clear defaults button on the one that is currently acting as the default , and next time you click a web link you should get a box pop-up asking you which browser to use , and giving you the option to set that as the default . it is hard to tell from your question , but it is worded in a way that could also just be asking for more specifics of what the default , built-in browser is , in which case this previous question should help you out : android browser
go to settings - applications - manage applications - all - select the icon you use and this will give you all the information about the program
no . a system app has to be either installed by root or signed with the same key that signed the rom image .
just from the market description , astro player looks like it might .
the problem is that whereas the bluetooth connection functions as a bridge network device , wifi tethering creates a nat which may prevent some functionality . see if enabling transparent tunneling or ipsec over udp on the client help . since tethering does not support port forwarding , you can not use pat on the device .
if i may , i suggest kk keyboard . i am not advertising , but i use it myself , because my keyboard did this too .
i am using an older version of swype , 1.3 . x . , which came pre-installed on my samsung galaxy s2 . now running jellybean , i was facing the same problem . this is how i managed to fix it : i force-stopped the app then cleared all data through android application manager then disabled the app . then i enabled the stock keyboard for a bit and then tried re-enabling the app and choosing it as the input mode . i had to go through the registration again , but my dictionary sure came back ! try it !
are you rooted ? if so , you might try using an app like titanium backup to take a snapshot of a good install with dictionary , and restoring that whenever the problem resurfaces . unfortunately , i do not have any direct solution to the problem - have not encountered that .
so i was facing the same issue as well , and after getting no help from internet and forums , i contacted swype , here is the reply i received from them . i have not tried it yet , but i expect it to work . * this is , unfortunately , a known issue with the beta on some devices ; it is particularly prevalent on the htc incredible , and occurs specifically after a reboot of the device ( though it can , in rare occasions , occur at other times ) . the issue is related to a feature of some phones known as “fastboot” which is designed to bring the system into a usable state faster by delaying the start of some system functions until after the system has been made ready for user interaction . in our case , the esn variable ( a hardware identifier tied to the telephony radio ) is not loaded into memory until after swype has already started loading . this value is needed to verify swype’s license , and so swype’s licensing mechanism fails . the workaround for this issue is to switch the input method off of swype , type a few characters with another keyboard , then switch back to swype . this will trigger swype to reload the license . to do this , simply long-press on any text input box , choose “input method” , and select an alternative keyboard . type a few characters then use the same procedure to switch back to swype . i hope this helps relieve the frustration of having to reinstall swype all the time . it’s not a perfect solution , but it’s much better than reinstalling *
i am not sure , but i think that when the sd card is mounted by a computer through usb the phone can not access it . i would hazard a guess that you used the keyboard while you were plugged into the usb and swype could not get at it is dictionary so it started a new one which was saved to sd once usb was unplugged . that could be worth an experiment .
are you using any memory management programs ? any app2sd , battery savers , task killers , etc . -- basically anything that might cause an irregularity ? if so , i suggest turning them all of for a few weeks , see if that makes any difference .
outside of stackexchange , i also asked some colleagues . one suggestion they had did work . in particular , instead of using ssh autotunnel for the tunnels , i used connectbot to connect and create tunnels . they can be layered . the only downside is that i leave a shell open . more specifically : i use connectbot to connect to b ( ssh , port 22 ) and then add a forwarding from a port 2222 on a to port 22 on c . i leave this shell open . then i make a new different connection to port 2222 on a ( which opens a shell on c ) and add port forwarding from port 2nnn to " localhost:nnn " ( which is actually c:nnn ) . now i can connect to a:2nnn ( my localhost , port 2nnn ) and get to c:nnn as if it were local . i have to leave the shells open , but it works well enough .
yes it works . i rooted sony er wt19i with locked bootloader and it installed superuser . you should try . many people asking can i do this or that and never did nothing . how can you know if you didnt try ?
you can switch to stock rom for galaxy y by using the latest version of odin and downloading the stock rom . you can find these files in other forums .
s3 users have reported similar issue while receiving calls and alarm going off at androidcentral forums here . the solution posted there is to go to Settings &gt; My Device &gt; Accessibility &gt; Hearing &gt; Flash Notification un-check flash notification . even if the flash notification box is not checked , check it once and un-check it again . it should solve your problem .
this phenomenon could be due to some rogue app that is using the permissions of the camera to take pictures or activating flashlight without your intervention . check with some app like f-secure app permissions , applying the advanced filter camera , flashlight ( applying or operator as shown in the screenshots ) . in the resulting list , look for any suspicious app ( mainly a game or another app that should not be using those permissions ) and uninstall it ( you can uninstall apps directly from f-secure app permissions by long-tapping its name in the list and tapping yes in the confirmation message ) .
i found it was a flashlight app i had downloaded . it had permissions to override various functions . after uninstalling the app , the flashing is gone !
was annoying , but has stopped , by doing the following : go to : settings > my device > accessibility> hearing> flash notification select flash , close out , return and deselect flash . working properly now !
the answer to your question is extremely complex and ( in my opinion ) not material for se since there are a lot of files that you had need to download and cannot be hosted here . fortunately , xda has a thread for multi-booting on the gt-n7000 . i also found this tutorial on youtube so that you can see how its done .
i think you need to unlock it to the part where the new hope building is already accessible .
i like to sync all contacts and then in contact list i choose to only show the ones with phone numbers . to do this open contacts > menu > view > select " contacts with phone numbers " . not sure if that is what you are looking for but is the only thing i could find for a solution on evo . strange , the directions below will work on other android devices , but not an htc sense devices . open contacts > menu > settings > edit sync groups . select " sync all contacts " , " my contacts " or " starred in android " . for htc sense do the following , contacts ( people ) > groups tab > menu > sync groups . note , on my evo neither option worked for me . i am running 2.2 and suspect that is part of the reason .
i do not know if the evo uses the vanilla contacts and dialing app , but if it does , it is a two step process . first , you have to organize your contacts into groups in gmail . adding a star to any contact on your phone will add it to the " stared in android " contact group in gmail . this will be principally for contacts that you wish to sync , but do not feel like putting into another group . for me , these are mainly the phone numbers of local taxi companies . now , on your phone , open your contacts , hit the menu button , and select display options , expand the google contacts , and then start deselecting groups , especially all other contacts . all other contacts include all the contacts that are in my contacts ( added liberally by gmail ) but are not in any groups .
so this is a complete workaround , but worked for me and i will keep it this way until there is a better solution . it is a real pain to have contacts updating each time you send an email to someone . i for instance , sell items on craigslist occasionally and in a 5 day period got and replied to over 60 people , most of them offering some sort of offshore job offer scam . . . . . yet they all go in my evo 4g contacts ! irritating for sure . what i did was this , it took me a half an hour : set up a new account group in google called temporary ( name is irrelevant ) moved all of the contacts that i did not want on my phone into this group deleted all of them deleted the group altogether then i set my auto-sync settings on my handset for contact-syncs to manual . so now , i have only the contacts i want on my phone . not sure how this will play out once i want to add contacts , but for now my contact book is very clean and tidy .
android 's built in decoders are rather picky about the files they will play - limited encoded resolution ( possibly less than that of the device 's display ) , limited bitrate , limited formats . if these are new files , try encoding them to be less demanding . if these are files that used to work , see if something on the phone is perhaps slowing it down - on on rare occasion i had a file that generally plays start failing part way through . a reboot might be worth trying .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
if your rom has theme chooser integrated into the system , i would recommend just switching to an aosp theme , like this kitkat theme . you can check if you have theme chooser by doing any of the below : android 2.3: check if there is an app in your launcher named ' theme chooser ' , with an icon of the android robot colored four different colors android 4.0+: check if there is any theme-related menus in settings . if your rom does not have theme chooser , then you would have to get your hands dirty with manually themeing system apks . go to xda-developers for more info and tutorials on that .
the best way i have found to do this is using an app called any cut . any cut allows you to launch just about anything , follow these steps for the two that you mentioned ( tethering settings and mobile networks ) install any cut pick a quick key to set ( tap the key if unset currently or home-> menu-> settings-> quick keys-> [ select a key ] ) under more , tap any cut tap activity select the activity you want to launch ( network settings for mobile networks and the 2g/3g switch or settings --the 7th settings -- for tethering and portable hotspot ) thanks to [ jeff hamilton ] for developing any cut ( and releasing it for free ) and also to [ pikipirs ] of xda-developers for pointing out which settings option to use for tethering
i have seen this behaviour in k9 when my mail server updated it is ssl certificates . the fix was to long-press the account , select Account settings -&gt; Fetching mail -&gt; Incoming server and just hit Next through the pages to confirm your settings until you get the popup about the certificate ( this might not appear if everything is ok with the certificate , mine had a wrong vhost ) . confirm the certificate and just go through the rest of the settings and you account should start to work .
does anyone have any suggestions as to how i can see the full text of the errors which are occurring when trying to sync my k9 folders ? it seems that there is no way to see these log messages on the device without root access , but if you do have root access , there are a couple of options , either grant the required permissions to alogcat or consider using a horrible hack tm to view them directly . view the log files on your pc or workstation via adb if you can connect your android device to a pc or workstation , then you can access the logs via the adb command . to do this on windows , first you will need to install the android sdk ( which will require the java se sdk ) and add the android-sdk\tools and android-sdk\platform-tools to the system path . then enable usb debugging on your nexus 7 , plug it in via usb , and install the android composite adb interface from android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver ( i had to force windows xp to look here , it would not find the drivers on it is own ) . for details of how to get adb up and running without the full android sdk install , or on mac or linux machines , see izzy 's excellent answer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? then you can open a shell ( i.e. . a cmd window ) and run the command : adb logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  i have confirmed that this works on my non-rooted nexus 7 . grant permissions to alogcat if you have root access , you could consider granting the READ_LOGS permission to alogcat , as suggested in this post alogcat/catlog/lumberjack not working ? do this . . . on the xda-developers forum : pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  to grant this permission to alogcat or alogcat.donate , you would use one of the following commands , depending on whether you are running the donate version or not : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS pm grant org.jtb.alogcat android.permission.READ_LOGS  according to one post on android-developers and the ticket , the permission grant survives reboot and update , but not uninstall/reinstall . sadly since this requires root access , whether i run this on the device or on my pc ( prefixed by adb shell ) i just get the error : Neither user 12345 nor current process has android.permission.GRANT_REVOKE_PERMISSION  i cannot confirm that this works , since my nexus 7 has not been rooted . consider using a horrible hack tm if you have root access , you could consider making logcat setuid root and running logcat from the device shell , as suggested in this answer to my how can i access android log files on my nexus 7 without root access ? question : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  again , i cannot confirm that this works and i would probably only use it as a last resort , given the security implications . why are no log messages from k9 appearing in the alogcat log viewer ? could something have changed in jelly bean which lead k9 's logging to stop working ? since there seem to be remarkably few messages being shown by alogcat in general , has something has changed in jelly bean which could mean that it is no longer able to access all messages ? this appears to be a change in jelly bean which affects all applications which may try to read the log files . apparently read_logs permission is not granted to 3rd party applications in jelly bean . since this link seems to be unreliable : today i have tested my application on newest ( api 16 ) emulator before releasing it to google play . it turned out that android now refuses to grant this permission to 3rd party applications . this is weird because i have looked through all jelly bean 's documented changes and could not find anything that mentions read_logs permission . and later the protectionlevel for read_logs is now " signature|system|development " . the new pipe syntax for protectionlevel is also undocumented ( see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34785 ) . my suspicion is that alogcat is only seeing messages generated by itself and it is vm . for further information , see flow answer 's to my question how active should i expect my jelly bean system log file to be ?
as a programmer i find this interesting . password fields can be ( and usually are ) treated differently than normal text boxes . given that android is open source i guess it is possible that samsung has at least attempted to include code that prevents a password field from passing information typed in it back to the keyboard application , but like others have stated i am skeptical . in order for a keyboard application to collect your data it has to include the extra step of capturing your input , storing it somewhere , even if it is just temporarily in an instance variable , and then sending it on to a third party . i would be interested to hear what samsung says about this and how they supposedly prevent it , but i am guessing that is an answer we are not likely to get .
moto x has 2 chips a bit like the m7 chip in iphone 5s which also uses the a7 as its main processor . the nexus 5 has 1 chip which is why it cant replicate all the goodies of the moto x , although its a much more powerful phone . this chip uses very little power and has dedicated tasks like geo positioning . so when you pick up the moto x it knows it is moving , because the 2nd chip is always on , and shows the messages etc . if the nexus 5 chip was always " listening " for movement , the battery would die in a few hours . so the 2nd chip basically runs on very little power and thus can run constantly . so the voice commands in moto x will work all the time and you dont need to be in the screen launcher for ok google to work , which cant happen on the n5 without the aforementioned killing of the battery . so thus there is no touchless control on the n5 . not sure if that answers your question exactly , but in part - you wont be able to do the moto x trick on your n5
here is a video tutorial on how to get it setup . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6woh20ulli explanation of video this requires the xposed framework ( http://goo.gl/nnwz9 ) and the google now api for it ( http://goo.gl/5pf3jg ) . you will need to be rooted to install the xposed framework . first you need to do this : 1 . open google now api 2 . click plugin ( example autovoice ) 3 . check " enable " for google now integration in tasker you will need to setup something similar to task for task : 1 . create a new action 2 . create ' if ' ( for action category ) 3 . for condition select ( or type if you cant find ) avsource 4 . make sure condition is set to matches 5 . type in googlenow for what the condition matches 6 . create whatever action you want for the if ( need to be familiar with tasker ) 7 . create ' end if '
yes , you can create a program for that . this is a very hacky approach - use contentprovider to swap first+last names with nick names . in that manner you will not lose anything .
it is not possible with the default app for contacts . try go contacts which is a rich app on displaying contacts . although the feature you are looking for is available on the default contact display of the miui rom . if you have rooted your phone , consider installing miui .
use dw contacts and phone dialer , it allows displaying by nickname , however sms app will still display full name .
in my case i decided to include nicknames in firstname field , in format like this ( without square brackets ) : [Firstname] ([Nickname]) [Lastname]  with go contacts installed ( it is free ) you can find a contact by any match of firstname , lastname or nickname .
i would say use kies to update your old one ( or use odin/heimdall to install some firmware from here ) . afaik the galaxy s ( captivate ) does not have a custom rom flash counter ( that was introduced with the s2 to see if one had installed custom roms before , so you do not have to apply ' triangle away ' to reset it before sending back your old phone ) you basically have 2 options for your new one : root the standard firmware using cf-root by chainfire install an aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod ( ics already available , jb also ) to install cyanogenmod-9 ( an android-4.0/ice-cream-sandwich based custom rom ) , here are some infos : here 's their wiki faq for your phone and here 's the full update guide , here are downloads for the captivate
i did this for myself by navigating to settings > storage , tap on the misc category , select the ~4 gb linux image and use the trash icon to delete it , but this will probably vary depending on what device you use .
based on this blog post , the galaxy ace has geo-tagging support . so yes , it should be able to store location metadata , if you enable it . and according to another blog post , kik messenger removes metadata .
if you prefer reset , and if it is only about your contacts and photos , you can sync them to your google account . go to Settings &gt; Select "Google" under Accounts &gt; Click on your Google Account and now select Contacts and People Details . for backing up photos from your phone , you can upload them to google drive using google drive app . after reset is completed , all your contacts will be automatically synchronized from your google account .
there is no where in the stock system that provides the id , however there are apps that will provide it , such as android system info . some stock roms hidden menus also contain this info .
you can do this via adb . does not require root , as far as i know ( tested on a galaxy nexus running 4.2.1 built from aosp source ) :
go to setting--> applications---> gallery--> clear cache after clearing the cache , open the gallery app , it will automatically regenerate thumbnails .
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
as ross already stated in his comment , the inability to move apps to sdcard has nothing to do with android ics ( though several manufacturers claim exactly that , it is simply not true : aosp 1 supports this since 2.2-froyo and at least up to 4.3-jelly-bean . only with the " security change " of completely disabling free write access to sdcards with 4.4-kitkat , this feature became unavailable . so whether an update to a higher version of android brings back this feature to your device , depends on several factors : if the update is provided by the manufacturer ( stock-android ) , question is whether the manufacturer re-decided and left the option in – with the exception of kitkat roms , where they are unlikely to do so . if you are planning for a custom-rom , it is unlikely that will ship without this option . it might even have brought it back to kitkat ( the fix required to do so is not that hard to achieve ) – but you might void the warranty of your device that way . 1 android open source project , i.e. the android code basis roms are based on
@viraj mali this is the most required feature which even i wanted to have in my galaxy trend duos but i cannot change it as its functionality which has been removed by the manufacturer itself . if the apps could be moved to sd card then the phone would perform better because on some devices the on board storage space is limited thereby making the phone slow after the installation of a number of apps . due to some security concerns by some of the android developers the functionality was removed . ( i.e. after installing an application from play store you cannot move it to sd card storage ) . it would of no of use even after installing any third party apps available in the play store you would still not find any move to sd card option . this might be weird although some phones have the support even today . finally even after reading this if you still want to move the apps onto sd card then you would have to root the device thereby making your warranty void . so please be sure about it
it depends on router to router , like i have a belkin router , in which i can set up mac address filtering . to set up this , open your router default page ( might be 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.2.1 ) . if it asks for password and username , first try leaving it blank , if this does not log you in , try putting admin in both user name and password , if this does not log you in , contact your isp ( internet service provider ) . then go in the firewall settings and then find mac address filtering . then add the mac address of the device you want to be allowed in the given fields . only the devices whose mac address has been entered , can connect with the router . you can manage all this via your mobile . if you post your router model number and company ( located at the bottom of the router ) , i can tell you if your router supports filtering or not .
i had the same problem and had tried all the stupid cache cleaner apps which in my opinion only take up even more disc space . i have a 32 gb card and so everything was on that and had manually cleaned everything out myself . the only thing that got rid of the warning was this . go to mesg folders and find the junk folder . i had over 1000 msgs in there . the only problem was i had to delete them all one by one . i could not find a way to delete the entire folders content with one click so it took me a while . i have not had the warning since so this seems to have cured the problem for now . oh and remember to keep on top of that folder in future . i wil lol .
it is enormously annoying , is not it ? there is no way to suppress it on an unmodified system that i know of , but you can at least free up more internal disk space by emptying system and app caches using an app like sd maid or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) .
check out visual voicemail plus by phonefusion . i found a setting in the app under " notifications and sound " , called " disable space warning " . kind of weird that a voicemail app has this function , but it is awesome ! also , you can disable " sdcard not found " notifications and enable an " ignore carrier voicemail " option , for those who use google voice . the " plus " version is free to use , but it does require registration . just use a secondary email for ads . you do not need to purchase . i believe you can even uninstall the app after changing these settings , but i am not sure . edit : now i am actually unsure if these are for the system notifications . i hope someone can confirm this works . i know my voicemail notification is gone using the setting ( except at first boot , which is way better than it showing up every minute ) i noticed that i may have doped , because the sd card settings might be for the app itself , which would make more sense . however , again , the voicemail setting affected the system notification , so there might be a possibility the others work too . i hope my rep does not go down after i just registered for this community . - . -
sd maid might help . you could download it , use it and then uninstall it since it takes up 3 mbs itself . then just re-download it later if needed .
i doubt you could do that manually . why not just install the os again ?
if the buttons do not work , you could always try using adb from a computer . root is not required but usb debugging must be enabled . then just run : adb shell screencap -p /sdcard/screen.png adb pull /sdcard/screen.png adb shell rm /sdcard/screen.png  these commands will produce a screenshot and save it in the sdcard directory ( on some devices , including the nexus line , have an emulated sdcard partition in the internal storage ; so do not worry about this ) , pull to your computer , and then deletes it from your phone . unfortunately , one would think that this would be easier on stock android . but that is why so many aftermarket versions or apps exist : to provide the missing functionality that people can cherrypick from and customize as they please . below is an example of a simpler and nicer interface from which to take screenshots , which was added to stock 4.4.3 android using gravitybox [ kk ] ( root and xposed required ) .
my incredible does this as well . i have been told that this also is sometimes used by applications to indicate that an app has downloaded updated data . for instance , if the htc mail application has downloaded new emails . but i have not taken the time to see if this is accurate or not .
you phone should light up when you activate it . when an internal process either stops or wakes up you phone ( like you said to start data transfer ) or on other actions the lights can light up . when a process crashes my phone lights up the control keys too , usually with a buzz .
i am not sure on wildfire , but i am using htc hero . you could have a try to press the key ( like home , return or anything ) or press the optical mouse , then it back to the phone call screen , then you can press num key after pressing the lower left hand corner bn from the ui .
in your phone dialer enter the following sequence : *#*#7594#*#*  will show you shutdown app configuration - you can choose to have the device power off directly instead of showing the menu for airplane mode / power off etc . when you long-press the power button . there is also an option for keeping the lcd on during the duration of a call .
have you tried a longer screen timeout ? Settings | Display | Screen timeout
what you are looking for is screebl - a background service that monitors the phone 's orientation , and based on that orientation decides when to allow the phone 's power-saving features to operate . there is a pro version too that allows for integration with locale amidst other extra features . also check out shake awake from maplekey ( in the market ) - it allows you to wake the phone during a call with a shake . i also think that pressing the home key should turn the screen on again . try and let us know .
i am not sure about the wildfire , but on my desire hd when i take the phone from my face , the motion sensor detects it and re-awakens the screen automatically . i am not sure if it is a setting , a froyo feature , or maybe an htc sense feature .
most shell commands in android are not gnu versions or another posix-compliant implementation , they are either from toolbox or busybox and mostly stripped down versions . a lot of commands in /system/bin are symlinks to /system/toolbox . i have not found much documentation about it , just the source at https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/jb-mr1-release/toolbox/ busybox is another implementation of several common shell commands , with more commands and features than the default toolbox . it is used on other embedded systems too , and some bootable gnu/linux cds , so you may already be familiar with it . because it is open-source , there are several installers available on google play : just search for " busybox " .
unfortunately there is no solution where you disable notifications from one group and not the other . however , if your question was " i want to get notifications only for individual messages and not group messages " ( which was my situation that drove me to this page ) , here is an answer that may be helpful for other people browsing this page : disable all whatsapp notifications from settings-> apps-> whatsapp . open whatsapp and enable popup notifications for message notifications ( not group notifications ) . now , messages from individuals will appear as popup messages on your phone , so you sure will not miss them . other than this , whatsapp will not bug you for anything else , including notifications of group messages .
in essence you are asking about how to accomplish something with a specific piece of software that is not a part of the native functions in that piece of software . it is like asking " how do i log into icq with skype " -- well , it is not going to happen unless you can modify skype to begin with . unless whatsapp is open source and you can hire a developer to write the function you need for you , or there is other software available for accessing the whatsapp network where this functionality exists or can be added , you are not going to solve this no matter how high of a bounty you set on it . the most pragmatic and realistic approach is to bug the whatsapp developers about this until they add the function you want to the software ( or stop forcing notifications ) .
the only thing you can do is to go into the whatsapp group you want to mute . then press Menu > Mute > 1 Week . that is the longest you can mute a group . unfortunately , it will still display a notification in the notification bar . but it will not vibrate or make a sound anymore .
in the group info page , go to " custom notification " , then change it to disable sound , and disable alert . maybe that will help ?
as of whatsapp version 2.11.238 for android you can also disable notifications when the group is muted . for this do as follows : open your group which you wanna mute . now go in ' options ' > ' mute ' . a dialog box will pop up and as of whatsapp version 2.11.238 select the max period available to mute your group which is '1 week ' . untick the ' show notifications ' checkbox . then click ' ok ' . now you will not receive any notifications from this group on your status bar .
in iphone , you can solve the problem . open group conversation . click on group icon , then custom notification change for custom notification on . change to sound silent and no vibration . in android , you can not solve the problem ; only by turn off all notifications .
i would reinstall the tf101 driver and install the android sdk drivers . this xda post has some additional info .
ok , i uninstalled and deleted the drivers for the tablet and then reinstalled manually and it worked .
have you tried manually choosing a network in Network &amp; Wireless , or manually setting the apns for your new carrier ? also , is the phone unlocked ? if it locked to another carrier , you will not be able to use it on your current carrier until it is unlocked .
a locked phone should stop you and prompt you for the network unlock key . since you do not get that prompt , either one of two things is happening : phone is permanently locked ( incorrect network unlock key entered too many times ) phone is unlocked do you have a third provider you can test , or borrow a sim card for ? the phone does not say " sim not recognized"/"please insert a sim card " so my guess is frequencies . what gsm frequencies are used for the new provider ? i had a phone ( euro-version openmoko freerunner ) that did not do one of the frequencies used for gsm in the us - it would work on 1900mhz but not 850mhz - which meant that i would not have signal when many other at and t users would .
i think i am answering little late , but i feel my pointers might solve the issue . but still not sure . please check in what mode you are ? i mean are you in WCDMA only , GSM only or GSM / WCDMA preferred mode ? the best for both 3g and 2g could be GSM / WCDMA preferred mode which can switch the signal based on the 2g or 3g network . so try to change to other modes also ( GSM only ( for 2g only signals ) or WCDMA only ( for 3g only signals ) ) . if still no help then follow the next step . backup all your data to sdcard or pc and try Factory data reset . do not do the Settings reset . because it will do a reset of other things ( like display , volume , etc ) . Factory data reset option do a reset of all the things in your phone . so make sure that all the data in your phone ( contacts , call log , sms , mms , market applications , etc ) backed up properly . if still no help take the phone to a nearest sony ericsson customer care center .
i have tried this on froyo , i can remove the unwanted swype words by : 1 . swype the word . 2 . select that word . 3 . hit the ' swype ' key . 4 . you will get a confirmation to delete the word from swype dictionary . on latest android version , you get a list of words on the top of the keyboard . if the unwanted word comes on top , long tap it . you will get an option to delete it .
swype uses a separate dictionary . you can access the settings for both from within the system settings : from the homescreen , open settings &rarr ; language and keyboard for swype continue : swype &rarr ; personal dictionary for the default keyboard : my dictionary there you can edit/add/remove words from your user dictionary .
google has documented details of the android backup service and of the data backup framework on its android developers website . the descriptions are targeted to developers writing applications but are still helpful : android 's backup service allows you to copy your persistent application data to remote " cloud " storage , in order to provide a restore point for the application data and settings . if a user performs a factory reset or converts to a new android-powered device , the system automatically restores your backup data when the application is re-installed . this way , your users do not need to reproduce their previous data or application settings . this process is completely transparent to the user and does not affect the functionality or user experience in your application . they also specifically address user privacy : google securely transmits backup data to and from google servers in order to provide backup and restore features . google treats this data as personal information in accordance with google 's privacy policy . in addition , users can disable data backup functionality through the android system 's privacy settings . when a user disables backup , android backup service deletes all saved backup data . a user can re-enable backup on the device , but android backup service will not restore any previously deleted data . tl/dr : if the notes app is configured to use the android backup service and has defined your notes as data to include in the backup , then yes , your data is being stored on a google server . toggling Backup my data will delete currently saved personal information from google 's servers that is associated with your google account . this will affect all of your current apps ' backed up data .
generally , it is entirely up to each individual app what data to back up , if any . google 's android backup service provides an interface for apps to tell it what data to back up . that might include files from the data directory , settings , files from the sd card , databases , or even media files that are already visible through the gallery or music apps . if the app is badly written , it may also include transient state or cached data . as a user , the only way you can tell is by asking the developer of an app . google encourages developers to add backup support to their apps , and many users request that feature .
from androidpolice : google will , of course , give you control over your cloud data . the language used here is particularly interesting : they call this data " app data stored with your google account , " which means it is the same " app data " we all know and love from the " clear app data " button . that means all your 3rd-party app data in the cloud , seamlessly synced across devices . however , it is not clear yet how much data is being sent , or if there is a max limit that can be stored on the cloud .
my droid bionic ( running android 2.3.4 ) has a " network lost tone " setting under settings/sounds . if you the phone is in silent mode with vibrate enabled , this setting might cause a vibrate , although i have not experienced that particular scenario . your phone probably has a similar setting .
in most ( all ? ) cases , rooting voids your warranty . i would assume that in jurisdictions with sane laws , physical damage clearly caused by the dropping would still be covered ; they can not reasonably claim that the rooting caused the damage or would prevent them from fixing it . that said , most jurisdictions do not have sane technology laws , and most carriers seem to jump at any chance to screw people over for money . if they find out it is rooted , i would expect them to try to charge you the full cost . so unroot / flash stock if you can .
i have rooted every phone i have ever had and they never charge you for rooting it . as already commented , i doubt they even look . here are some examples : i used to have assurion and they never charged me for a rooted phone . i bought a phone one time , rooted it and returned it . never heard a peep from them .
you can disable automatic updates from google play store app . head over to settings &rarr ; auto-update apps . you can also set it to update over wi-fi only , from the same settings page
there is two ways to deal with this : try droidwall to block outgoing connections on 3g data , in that way , if in the vicinity of the wifi network , droidwall will allow data over wifi . the other way is to go into settings > more . . . tap on that , mobile networks > uncheck data enabled to prevent 3g data in and out . only caveat emptor with droidwall , it requires rooted handset .
sounds like your device had a problem with the kitkat ota . you can , however , download the correct image for your device here , and manually flash android onto your nexus .
it seems there are no native android cups clients , which are free software . the only way that can be found is rather clumsy , via a debian installation on the android device -- http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1148#c41 . but using a debian ( or another distro ) installation like lildebi ( for example ) would definitely require root ( in order to chroot ) ! that is not convenient for those who do not want to root the device ( just to be able to print ) . ( btw , are not there , besides chroot , any more modern alternative isolation technologies implemented in linux that would not require root ? . . perhaps , lxc ? ) another app ( remote cups ) requires ssh access to the server . obprint does not appear to be open-source . let 's print droid likewise does not appear to be open-source .
i have recently released an android app based on ( a modified ) version of cups4j ( http://www.cups4j.org/ ) . communication is via http/https . the main thing i had to/opted to change from the java library was a dependency on jaxb for xml processing ( a . i felt it too heavy and b . adroid does not have this javax lib and importing it apparently involves repackaging ) relying instead on some hard coding . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jonbanjo.cupsprint
the problem was that the ext3/ext4 filesystem on /dev/lvpool/system , normally mounted at /system , had a corrupt superblock . the fix was to connect to the phone with adb and run e2fsck manually , like so : after doing this , the reboot option in clockwordmod recovery brought cyanogenmod back up with no issues . a large amount of googling provided no guidance in this direction , so i am posting this q and a in the hopes that it saves someone else the chore of digging through forums and/or reinstalling their recovery and/or rom in vain .
a copy is locally stored , so these contacts are also available when there is no current data connection .
the easiest way is to download another keyboard from the play-store , the personalised keyboard will override the one with no enter-key . i downloaded one called swiftkey ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.touchtype.swiftkeyhl=en ) but this is not the only-one , any other keyboard should also work .
swift key did solve the problem , and many other problems , making it the perfect keyboard no doubt . . . until , they had to " upgrade " it by removing the settings for enter and arrow key customizations . hopefully i can find an older version thats not been idiotized to fit in with new " optionless/featureless " movement the tech world is taking : dumbed down for the masses of sheep who are terrorized by options menus and error messages they dont understand . meanwhile , techies like myself ( + most of you im sure ) are left with no arrow keys , no sending files ( &lt ; --a confusing word they want to kill ) over hangouts , no control over usb interface options . . . hell i could go on for days . ive always used google products and i would give anything to roll them back to 2 years ago when they assumed the masses had moderately functional brains . . . since when did google decide join apple in the sheep herding business ?
you can not change this . in android , the app can tell the keyboard ( or input method ) what extra actions to show ( such as send ) . the app can also specify that the text field can only hold single-line text , as in this case . what you could do is switch to a different keyboard app . you might be able to find one that puts the action in a different place ( not in place of the enter key ) that is harder to press by accident , or that completely ignores the action that is hinted by the app .
i heard someone who used swift keyboard and it apparently solved this specific problem , but i have not tested it .
android ! = gnu/linux . that is a common misunderstanding . you will never have the same linux experience like you had with your n900 running debian . sure , you can install busybox , sshd , maybe rsync and fuse should also be possible . latex for example , with it is various dependencies will be hard to get running . mostly because there is no package manager for android and the toolchain ( i.e. . libc ) is not the same . it is all technically possible , no major blockers . there are even ways to get debian/ubuntu running on android , even side-by-side . but this does not seem a practical solution , more a proof-of-concept for now .
as flow already mentioned , android although based off of linux will not give you the same experience . this also means that the linux utilities will have to be cross compiled . sorry . if you want a development device with vanilla software and fast updates , then the nexus line of smartphones is the best way to go . galaxy nexus - gsm version ( this is if you want to go for the most updated phone with the most support in terms of drivers , and os ) nexus s - this is if you dont need a top of the line phone but still want something supported by android open source project or aosp for short nexus one - google has recently dropped support for aosp of this device so it will need some tinkering but this is by far the cheapest out of the 3 on ebay with enough power to still run the latest version of android . the one stop shop for all android development needs : http://forum.xda-developers.com
it appears to be an i2c interface . according to this post on xda-developers asusdec is the name of the keyboard dock device . when i cat /proc/bus/input/devices on my transformer , this is what it says about asusdec: also , ps shows a com.asus.keyboard process running as system . that is an android process . i am not sure how exactly it is getting the input from the keyboard , though . i assume it has sufficient permissions to open the device for reading and converts the incoming keycodes to android events .
plug in your phone and drag the apk file onto the sd card . then go on the phone and download a file manager ( astro file manager is my favorite ) from the play store . then in the file manager find your apk file ( it should be in /sdcard or /mnt/sdcard ) . tap on the apk file and an installer should show up .
use a sd card and put the apk file on that . put the card into the phone ( if it supports it ) and open the files folder on your phones file browser ( could be something differently named ) . install it as if it were another app .
maybe this is not the best soultion but you can also install application directly to your android device from pc using android sdk . run this command in command line to install .apk: adb install /path/to/file.apk 
one choice would be to use widgetlocker and remove all unnecessary widgets from the lockscreen . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.widgetlocker
in ics you can go to Menu &rarr ; Settings &rarr ; Display and uncheck Clock and Weather .
i will say yes , but , that answer does not necessarily hold true 100% of the time . it really depends on the bands that the device supports . on the device spec sheets you will usually see something like this : 800/1900/700 these are the bands that the device will operate on . i pulled these numbers from the droid bionic . from that spec sheet , it goes even further and shows that it supports ev-do rev . a ( cdma/3g ) , and lte ( 4g ) . so this phone does support verizon 's 3g and 4g networks , which means that if 4g is not avaialble , then it will fall back to the cdma data network ( which is what the device will uses for voice even when data uses lte . the same rules apply for gsm networks like at and t and t-mobile . the device spec sheet will say what bands the device can operate on , and if the carrier 's network operates within that band , then the phone will work . this is why iphone users can use unlocked at and t iphones on t-mobile 's network , but they only can get edge data . this is because the iphone does not support the band that t-mobile uses for its umts/hspa/hspa+ ( 3g/4g ) data networks . t-mobile bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 1700/2100 ( umts/hspa ) at and t bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 580/1900 ( umts/hspa ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) verizon bands : 800/1900 ( cmda/ev-do ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) sprint does not know if they want to use lte or wimax so i am not listing their bands .
yes , the current verizon 4g phones all have support for the 3g network . as matthew read points out , it would not make sense until 4g coverage is available everywhere that 3g is . if you have an active data connection , your phone will get a new ip address when it lands on the new network ( 4g-> 3g or 3g-> 4g ) ; apps must be able to handle this event ( any app that can handle a temporary loss of data on a 3g network should be fine here ) this document from motorola 's developer site includes the following description : " as the connected device moves from cell to cell , it tries to maintain its network connection . it will generally be successful if the network type doesn’t change between cells . however , if the device moves into or out of the 4g coverage area , the data connection will be dropped and your ip address will change . because this can happen while an app has an active data connection open , android sends an android .net. connectivitymanager . connectivity_action broadcast whenever there is a change in the network . if your app needs to be aware of network changes , register for this broadcast . "
try disabling the notification then restart your tablet and see if it reappears : go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Google Services Framework and then uncheck " show notifications " . are you rooted ? if so , and if disabling the notification does not work , try freezing or uninstalling the update apk : use root explorer or es explorer and go to phone memory system/app/ and delete or rename updatecenter . apk . alternatively , you could freeze this application in titanium backup application . you could also try modifying your build . prop file to trick the tablet into thinking it is already updated ( root required ) . this was also mentioned in an answer to a previous question . to prevent the update notification , you will probably just have to change the build . prop values . so , change : ro . build . description=voles-user 2.2.2 frg83g 91102 release keys to ro . build . description=voles-user 2.2.3 frk76 185902 release keys and ro . build . fingerprint=verizon/voles/sholes/sholes:2.2.2/frg83g/91102:user/release-keys to ro . build . fingerprint=verizon/voles/sholes/sholes:2.2.3/frk76/185902:user/release-keys note that this quote is referring to old software versions and that the ro.build.description and ro.build.fingerprint lines will need to look different for you than those quoted . check out this answer for more information on making such a change . for me and my 2012 n7 i just lived with the notification until i could not stand it any more , then i just upgraded anyway .
[ edit ] : this answer has been composed before the questioner stated that the fw update might break the wifi . why not just update it and be done if you want the notification to go away ? it is incremental ( small download size ) it will not take long ( installation is quick and needs only a reboot ) and gives you the benefit of bug fixes and enhancements . google has probably an intention that it is consumer base runs the latest firmware release . hence the notification is not discardable and is there to remind you to update .
a factory reset seems to work for some people . you might want to back-up your files / data before doing this . source : problems with jelly bean 4.2.2 update
change to standard mode of your home screen mode
just hold the back key and it will come back , its probably in hidden mode since the icon is highlighted and shows its on .
try enabling the " stay awake " setting under developer options to keep it " active " while connected to the usb .
we have been looking for an answer to this for some several months . unfortunately , the most hopeful response i have seen is this one , which suggests moving the mac mini to linux , whose usb stack is described as ' more forgiving': stackexchange-url we are going to try shifting to a spare ( pc-based ) linux box for the time being ; i will try to remember to report back whether it is more reliable .
you might want to take a look at this website : tun . ko repository they got a long database of tun . ko for android phones . if you can see your phone model , kernel and build number on the list , just download their app which lets you load the module from their database to your phone . after that you can then use a vpn for your android .
cyanogenmod 6 is froyo , and ships with openvpn support for armv6 phones , such as my htc magic . if nothing else you can unpack the update . zip they supply , find the tun . ko driver , and push it to your phone via adb .
if fastboot from your computer can not find it , try following these steps exactly , beginning with installing the Requirements below . the most likely problem is some sort of driver missing , disallowing the computer from reading the phone in while it is in the bootloader . this guide can be found on addictivetips.com, and uses a fastboot program from your computer to unlock the bootloader : requirements : fastboot package . sony ericsson usb drivers ( 32bit and 64bit ) . a functioning internet connection . steps : to begin , navigate to this website : http://unlockbootloader.sonyericsson.com/instructions . click continue at the bottom of the page and enter your device’s imei code , name and email address in the relevant fields . your unique unlock key will now be mailed to you . now unzip fastboot . rar and open the folder extracted . within that folder , hold the shift key and press the right mouse button . now select open command window here . now we need to connect the phone to the pc in fastboot mode . do so by turning the phone off , holding the menu button ( search button for the xperia play ) and plugging in the usb cable . now in the command prompt , enter the following command : fastboot.exe -i 0x0fce getvar version now enter the command , replacing key in the string with the unlock key mailed to you : fastboot.exe -i 0x0fce oem unlock 0xKEY that is it ! the bootloader is now unlocked .
as i see an alternative keyboard may solve your issue , and this seems to be an acceptable solution , and you even mention something you cannot find -- hereby i proudly present : hacker 's keyboard checking its guide , there is in fact a section suggesting such a feature : you can configure the gesture used for this in the keyboard 's " gesture and key actions " settings menu . if the swipe action is too hard to trigger , try binding the " close keyboard " action to the " volume down " hardware key . this will not interfere with normal use of the volume button while the keyboard is closed . though this applies to " close": if there are gestures you can configure , it might as well be able to have one for " open " . the faq may reveal some more clues . saintwacko notes in the comments : to be able to open it anywhere , you go into the settings for the keyboard and check the box for ' permanent notification ' . it will then keep an entry in the notifications which you can tap to bring up the keyboard at any point . so this would be an alternative possibility -- the hook being it is hooked to this special keyboard .
i used a combination of " hacker keyboard " and " smart status bar " . both free , no root required . i set " permanent notification " in the hacker keyboard settings . now , all i have to do in my full screen game is swipe from the top of the screen to bring down the notification menu , and then i select hacker keyboard . simple as that now .
i had that same problem and bought a bluetooth keyboard in order to get around it .
my math lab problem solved with the hackers keyboard ! download the hackers keyboard , then go into settings and enable ''use permanent notification'' . this puts the hackers keyboard logo at the top right of your screen next to the clock and settings button . click on the settings bar or clock at the bottom right and press ' 'show hackers keyboard'' . it will popup for you in flash and other times when it does not do it automatically .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
the only place that i can think of off the top of my head would be the logcat logs . there is an app on the market called alogcat that will show you the full system logs , or you can use a terminal emulator and just run the command ' logcat ' to get the scrolling log output . there is also ddms , available through the android sdk , that will show you the system logs from your phone on the computer as well . honestly , i am not sure if the alarm is something that is reported to the logcat logs or not , but it would definitely be worth checking .
hold on an icon and drag it over another icon should give you your the ability to create a folder . you can then drag other icons into this folder . you could create various folders - one for games , one for apps , one for social , tools , etc . if you have got duplicates , you should be able to hold the icon and drag it to an area of the screen that allows you to remove that particular icon . i am not 100% sure where it is on a transformer , but generally it is at the top of the screen .
check Play Store &gt; Settings &gt; Auto-add widgets is checked , and uncheck it .
while i was not able to directly address the issue , i found an app called screen control that can modify screen timeout and brightness settings for all applications . . . using this to reset things and then uninstalling it seems to have done the trick .
android default icon provides the functionality color of the icon ( gray ) already indicates " sign-in required " type of connection . ( credit goez to izzy )
i realize this is an old question , but still today i face the same issue . the reason behind this ( afaik ) is that apps , when updated , can be " batch updated " if no changes were made to the app privacy policy or the app permissions for the device ( other scenarios may apply ) . e.g. , just this week i did a " batch update " , but had to manually update two apps , one needed my consent for additional privileges , and the other one had changed something that i did not bothered to read . message from the first app that was outside of the update batch : this app 's permissions have changed to have access to the following : . . . due to this changes , this app was excluded from the batch update .
this is a bug . clearing the cache of the play store app will fix this and make the updates show . otherwise it will fix itself in a few minutes time .
android 2.3 natively supports sip , which means that it is compatible with most voip providers . it is as simple as configuring the account at settings > call settings > internet accounts . if you cannot upgrade to 2.3 , consider trying different sip clients from the market ( unfortunately i do not have a good recommendation ) .
you might want to take a look at asterisk , an open source pbx . you can create a dialplan that will ring your skype or sip address first , and then switch to your prepaid phone number . with version 1.8 , asterisk supports google voice in addition to skype . dialplans are completely configurable , however this does entail setting up a server to run asterisk . the good news is that the minimum hardware requirements are very low ; you can even run it on a consumer router running custom firmware such as dd-wrt , openwrt , and tomato . a couple places to get you started : asterisk : the definitive guide - a free book oreilly book , written for an older version , but still a great primer asterisk 1.8 documentation
it is impossible to pin-point such app without closer information . but there are several helpers available to narrow down the list of candidates . easiest way is if your device is rooted and running android &lt ; 4.1 ( i.e. . up to 4.0 . x ) . in this case take a look at lbe privacy guard : set gps to " always ask " for all apps and see which one is touching it . lbe would then pop-up a dialog box and ask you to confirm/deny , optionally also to remember this decision . for all legitimate candidates , simply confirm and let it remember ; for unwanted candidates reject and remember . if unsure , just do not let it remember . along these lines , your candidate should reveal its presence . with android 4.1+ , do not even try to install that app ( your device would be locked into a boot-loop ) . instead , head to xda , where they have localized versions of its companion ( e . g in this thread ) . it is quite bloated , but might help in your case . your device is not rooted this makes it a little more tricky . no fancy popups helping you out here ( to my knowledge ) . but you could use a permission scanner to narrow down the list of candidates . one possible candidate would be appbrain ad detector – with the side-effect to also detect apps with dangerous ad modules in installed apps ( spyware and the like ) : in the first example screenshot ( just click the image for a larger variant ) you can see " may share your location " listed in " concerns " . which means the app displayed uses location and network . to not have to open each app separately : the second screenshot shows you can list apps by permission . alternative helpful candidates include guardian droid and permission explorer : with some luck , your investigation leaves you with only a few candiates ( with great luck it is just one , and you have found the culprit ) . now you can see if you can ( temporarily ) disable those , and whether the problem is gone this way . if so , enable them one-by-one until the problem re-appears – which is after you have re-enabled the app you are looking for . postscriptum above described steps can similarly be applied to other permissions as well : )
no , you cannot see that . there is no such thing , all you can do is just track the activity of your app and see where it is most used . that is all .
no , not easily . one of the side-effects of using google services , is that all the google services link together in the back-ground . this can be incredibly useful in some cases ( if i google for a bar 's address on my desktop pc , my phone will later offer me directions and estimated travel time to that bar on a google now card ) . some can be spooky . having said that there are ways around this , the easiest is that just because you have an android phone , does not mean you are limited to using google 's services , one of the strengths of android is all the choices you have : you could get your apps from amazon 's app store , instead of the play store you could sync your mail , contacts and calendar with an imap server , instead of gmail , or you could install yahoo 's apps or microsoft 's apps and use those instead . or alternatively you could create a second google account , add it to your phone and use that account for the apps/services that you had rather keep separate from the apps/services that you use " as you " . have a look through the google-account tag for some hints on how to set up another account and swap apps from using one account to another .
you might also want to look at other free replacements to google apps . the android fork replicant has a list of them , e.g. : playstore : f-droid gmail : k-9 mail google maps : osmand many more listed there .
nope , no limit . source at xda-developers forum
taking a look at our app2sd tag-wiki , there is a solution to that – but it requires your device to be rooted . simple2ext ( s2e ) offers to move apps , their data , and some cache to the sdcard . alternatively , as cache resides on its own /cache partition , you could also use directorybind to move that to sdcard entirely . again , this requires root .
you should clean cache regularly , a lot of cache can make your device slow , you can use auto cache cleaner free to clean all the cache quickly , you can also schedule an automatic clean up too ! android maintain caches and removes un-needed caches however , i have read in google developers docs that the app should maintain the cache itself and the developer must not rely on android to maintain the cache but some apps does not maintain cache as needed , and so you need to clean them , usually cache should not be more than ~25mb per app , and should not be more than ~75mb in all the device ( however , it depends on the number of apps . . )
you will have to experiment with the apps to see if they play nice with your keyboard and spell-check behavior . i do not know if this is still the case , but previously , when i used go sms pro , i did not have desirable spell-correct behavior with my keyboard ( which was , ironically , go keyboard ) . my keyboard would display corrections if i went back to a word i already typed in applications such as gmail , facebook , etc . . . but this was not the case inside the go sms app .
although no one writes about this , the downsize of installing one of those apps is the fact of consuming more resources than the built in app . cons : more disk space used more ram used but the increase is so irrelevant that it does not even count as a downsize by most reviewers .
i can only comment on gosms which , while being a great app , has a few obvious issues . texting via gochat is , at best , unreliable . with both parties connected to hi-speed broadband , texts take their own sweet time to deliver . these texts should not expire but they do . given a certain amount of time , texts stay undelivered . if you have root access and are thinking of uninstalling the stock sms app ( which would be the logical thing to do ) , bear in mind that gosms notifications do not work hand in hand with the app 's ui . meaning , if you see a notification in the status bar and press on it , it will lead you to the main app interface but you may or may not see the actual message . this happens often when you receive more than one or two texts at the same time . strangely , even though you can not read the texts ( i assumed they were lost ) , you will have an irritating notification indicating that you have unread texts ( that you obviously can not read because they do not show up ) . having the stock app ensures that gosms shows all texts , unread or otherwise . also , when you have read the text in the stock app , the notification from gosms disappears . local backup only works when you are not connected , either via wi-fi or mobile data . with the latest version of the app , everything gets backed up to gocloud . this happens only if you have signed up with gochat . hope this helps .
if you are looking for a solution , i suggest downloading a third party keyboard . i am 95% sure each keyboard has its own dictionary . i use go keyboard , which i prefer over the stock android keyboard anyway , based on the larger letters and the period that does not hog most of the space where the keyboard should be .
this appears to be a bug in the 2.3.4 update . it is being tracked here .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
i would always go for rsync if your phone is not rooted you could use rsync4android ( which is free ) https://market.android.com/details?id=eu.kowalczuk.rsync4android if your phone is rooted you could offcourse also use the above but if you need more advance stuff i would combine btep ( better terminal emulator pro , not free ) which has a cli ssh client which can be called from sl4a ( scripting engine usefull for bash scripts , which is free )
try image transfer .
upload 2 nas can do this , and there is also a lite version . i have not actually used this but it is on my list to try .
this question is impossible to answer without knowing the configuration your university uses . you should ask for the details of the mail server from the university 's helpdesk . you will need to know at least the server address , username and password for your mail account , and possibly even more details such as custom port numbers , access restrictions , protocols to use , encryption etc . i am certain that the helpdesk can assist you in getting the email settings correctly into your phone .
ok , i think they have fixed it some weeks ago , as i did not notice any new sms message that comes after a real hangouts message .
the functionality is different with kitkat as you can choose your default sms application in the wireless and network settings . below is for 4.4 and for 4.3 and below . open the google-plus-hangouts application . for android 4.4+ ( kitkat ) ( as per the above ) : click on menu then settings . click on sms . click on the setting " sms enabled " under the general heading and change your default sms application . for 4.3 ( jelly bean ) and below : click on menu then settings . click on sms . untick the setting " turn on sms "
go to settings -> under data usage tap more tap default sms app and select your sms app source with detailed instruction : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57613499-285/manage-default-sms-app-on-android-4.4-kitkat/
i have recently flash a custom rom called " omnirom " ( aosp , kitkat based ) , and i think this problem is now gone . not sure why it occurred , and why i do not see it anymore . maybe it is because of a bug on 4.3 .
i guess that they are optimized for a particular country for example they will use different wifi channels ( you should find the best channel anyway for best speed ) and for different mobile communication infrastructures . the best you can do to find out is test them . if you want the best out of your phone then flash a 4.4.2 or newer if possible rom and kernel and more ( i use dorimanx 10 bet test )
no , your provider can not give you a recording of your phone call , and it is not saved on the phone by default . there are a zillion apps on google play for recording phone calls , but there are two things to be aware of:- some phones simply can not record calls . this is because the " cellphone chip " in your phone has direct access to the microphone and speaker , so the phone call sounds do not ever pass through android 's phone system . if your phone was designed this way , probably you can record your side of the call ( because android still has access to the microphone ) , but not the other side . it does not matter which call recording app you use , because it is a limitation of the hardware . in some countries , it is illegal to record a phone call without the consent of the other participant ( s ) . before doing anything , you should check , especially if you intend to use the recording as evidence to confront the other participant later or in a legal dispute .
i do not believe that there is any way to do this . this must have been hard coded into the google now app - as that is the only way they will act like this . the only way would be to contact google and ask them to change it in their app .
try clearing the data ( performing a factory reset ) from your recovery . some custom roms need this , for whatever reason .
i suggest you try this app greenify , if you got rooted phone that is . anyway for general purpose you should check battery usage to find the culprit . and have them removed perhaps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenifyfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5vyxnpc2zlbmcuz3jlzw5pznkixq . .
it is tricky to know which ones drain battery life fast . before installing you can check comments to see if there are many complaining of that . after installing , either if you know your phone well enough and see a clear decrease in battery life then it could be the new software if nothing else change , or you can try and check the battery usage statistics .
if this is an ongoing issue , it is worth watching your logs to figure out what might be happening . i have got a g1 and every few months it chokes on something and i have to reboot it ( which i do by holding down the power button until the phone powers off , or , when that fails , taking the battery out , counting to ten and replacing it . )
i am guessing the dialer froze . try holding the home button , going into task manager , and killing the dialier process . as matt mentions in the comments , you can do the same thing from the home screen by pressing menu then going to settings > applications > manage application then choose the " phone " or " dialer " app and click " stop "
looking around looks like the best options would be : uloops reloop caustic nanoloop i havent tried any of these on my tablet yet however ( advent vega ) . let me know what you find
using google chromes app marketplace you could look at this aviary webcloudapp . it is pretty good but falls short of garageband . http://www.aviary.com/online/audio-editor?lang=ensrc=chromeos#
well , astro is not designed to do so . should you need to create / edit docs , you had better go for other apps , i.e. quick office pro , docs2go , etc .
after looking through the help file and through astro quite a bit , alas , i believe the answer is no . while it does allow for editing , the only option for creation is directory ( folder ) creation , as you pointed out . that being said , i think this would be an excellent feature , and might be worth suggesting to the developers . i know you said you did not want other apps , but to show one directly with the feature . . . this is x-plore file manager
you can copy an existing ( save a blank master somewhere easy to remember ) and edit that . a little cumbersome , but effective .
a partial solution is to create a silent notification sound and use it as default , and then set custom notification sounds in each of the apps you use , assuming that the apps allow you to choose your notification sound . most stock sms apps and whatsapp allow this , but the latest version of skype does not .
simply get yourself a terminal app ( a good choice would be android terminal emulator ) , start it , and enter the command free . the output then should look like this : this example is from my motorola milestone 2 , and you can see : it does not use any swap : " total " available swap space is "0" . if your device would use swap , at least the numbers for " totals " and one of " used " or " free " should be &gt ; 0 .
google play is covered by the terms of google 's privacy policy , and in fact links you to it when you first launch the app or visit the link in the play website 's footer . the very brief summary is that they divide it into : " information you give us " - any info provided during registration device information - noted to be "...your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number" log information location information unique application numbers local storage cookies and anonymous identifiers since google 's apps are proprietary i doubt you will get much more definite information than that unless you ask google directly . you can read the full text of google 's privacy policy to see how they use the information they collect ( among other things ) .
one of the restrictions introduced with 4.4-kitkat was moving the WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to protection-level " signatureorsystem " , which means even if requested , a " normal app " ( i.e. . one you install yourself as " normal user " without any root specialities ) will no longer get it granted . so there are very few things you can do to " work around " this : obviously : rooting the device , and removing this limit using the app 's " personal " directory as storage for your sync'd files ( i.e. . &lt;sdcard&gt;/Android/&lt;package_name&gt; , as this is the only place an app can write on sd with kitkat ) using your internal-sd card as storage ( as here the limitation does not apply )
vbr is not the problem here . i have had no problems playing vbr mp3 files in any music app .
if you just want a fresh start with your phone , you do not need to reinstall the os at all , because os files and user apps and data are stored separately . in normal use , the os partition is read-only . all you need to do is a factory reset . this wipes all user data and apps , but does not usually touch the sd card . the process to follow is slightly different for different phones , but there is usually two ways : either reboot into recovery mode , which has a " factory reset " menu item , or from settings → backup and reset .
looks like this is not possible . in the opera mini faq , it says : you must have a compatible phone with an internet connection . when you download opera mini , you will be told if your phone is known to work . to see if your handset can run opera mini , visit the list of supported devices .
at the moment . . . no man , but be sure , there would be a way !
tethering on three 's ( or most other uk telco providers ) unlimited plans is against their terms and conditions . you will have to switch to a plan that allows tethering or use an add-on . see their tethering info page for more information . also see their terms and conditions however some phones will still allow you to tether , i am surprised it does not work on the gs2 . did you buy it from three ? so the tether function still works , but when you do tether a laptop , they send you a message ? generally they detect mobile usage that comes from pcs and laptops and then they ban you . but tethering to other mobile devices seem to work , and also if you keep your data usage low , they may not bother . another possible work-around is to try and spoof the user agent and trick three into thinking that the data is being sent by a mobile device . however , this is not fool-proof and they may still be able to detect , for example downloading a windows update . just to be clear , i would still recommend you buy an addon or join a different plan which allows tethering . if you think the terms and conditions are unfair , file a complaint or switch telcos . update : information on three 's the one plan sim plans with all-you-can-eat data do not allow tethering ( except for the one plan ) . if you would like to tether , you will need to choose a pay monthly plan and / or an add-on that does allow tethering . so it is possible to get the one plan , for unlimited data and tethering . and from tethering explained if your smartphone plan includes all you can eat data , then this is for data consumption actually on your smartphone . it does not include using your smartphone as a modem to connect other devices such as laptops and tablets – also known as “tethering” . tethering is included in ( i ) the one plan ; ( ii ) the one plan sim only ; or ( iii ) by purchasing an ultimate internet plan with the tethering add on . the add-on can be purchased via my3 on your handset and is also available to customers on our talk and text plans . see their pay monthly plans
just reset your phone . if the issue persists , call them .
i have solved the problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tetherunlocker be careful to have only one apn for mobile traffic and remove the apn for tethering traffic .
if you do not install the google apps package the first time , you will not have access to anything that relies on google 's services framework . this means things like : google play google talk google maps the gmail application . . . etc , will not function on your device because they will lack the libraries needed to run . you do not need to re-install the google apps package every time you update cyanogenmod . it will essentially back up your current ones and then re-install them during the flashing process . simply flash the updated rom however you normally would .
there is only 2 times you will want/need to install gapps : on the initial install of cyanogenmod rom ( or pretty much any custom rom that does not have gapps integrated ) . since cm nightlies are the rom only you only need to install it once , every subsequent install of a nightly only overwrites the rom contents and does not touch gapps . when you know there is an updated gapps package . the gapps package itself is updated from time to time and you will usually want the most recent version installed . to be clear , all official cyanogenmod roms are the rom only with all google apps stripped out ( hence having to install gapps seperately ) . this was due to a cease and desist order from google to cyanogen back in 2009 to remove google apps from its roms . . . cm roms have been sans gapps since .
as a nexus 7 owner , i can confirm for you that it does not have a led flash for its front-facing camera . in fact , off the top of my head , i can not think of a single device that does . documentation of a feature that is not present is going to be hard to come by . a good verification of this fact , however , is in ifixit is teardown pictures ( see steps 12 and 13 ) . camera and light sensor , no flash .
cat /proc/filesystems is the typical linux/unix way of determining this . it works fine on cyanogenmod , but i am not sure about other roms . if you want to filter out all of the other supported filesystems you could grep the output , too ( assuming you have got grep , of course ) : # cat /proc/filesystems | grep 'ext*' ext2 ext3 ext4 # 
you can create an application for any device that runs the android os , this is not restricted to specific device manufacturers . restrictions in the execution are caused mainly because of the version of the android os that runs on the device ( the differtent api 's ) or the difference in hardware capabilities between devices . if you are planning to make an application you should by all means have some programming experience . with the use of some very helpful software development tools you could create personal application like suggested . be sure to check out the documentation provided on androids official website to get a solid introduction on this topic .
while any android device can be programmed , there are some caveats you should be aware of . first , what features are available to you as a developer depend very much on what version of android is installed on your tablet . very importantly , a tablet that is running a version of android below 3.0 honeycomb ( or ideally 4.0 ice cream sandwich ) will not have any of android 's tablet-specific features accessible to it . second , an app you develop will not necessarily run on all android devices ( or even all android tablets ) . obviously tablets that run a version of android lower than what you have targeted with your app will not run it ( though there are ways to make such apps run with some features missing ) . but also , android device manufacturers often add a layer on top of android ( for example , samsung adds a layer called touchwiz and htc adds sense ) . if your app uses any of these added features , it will not run on devices that do not have it . lastly , i do not know where you are , but in india , where i live , there are a ton of cheap unlicensed android tablets . if you buy one of these , all bets are off , since these manufacturers have not committed to rigourously testing their devices for full compatibility , which is one of the conditions required to be an android licensee . in general , stuff will probably work on these tablets ( provided the above criteria are met ) , but you can not count on it . since these tablets do not have access to the google play store , so you are going to have to sideload any apps you install on them . despite these exceptions , the majority of applications will run flawlessly on most android devices . the android development tools are pretty good at warning you about api incompatibilities and it is pretty difficult to accidentally use a device/manufacturer specific api .
as you write you know unix scripting , you might want to take a look at apps like sh script runner , script manager , script kitty , and similar . they all allow you to run shell scripts on your android device . also , you could utilize tasker : create a task to run a script , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen . so you have easy access to your scripts directly from there .
alright , well you said you are running windows , which supports microsoft 's " batch " scripting . this is not available on your android device because the android operating system runs in a linux environment . so you will need to learn " shell " scripting . first , you need to check to see if you can run shell scripts from your phone . use the adb ( android debug shell ) to open the console to your phone . the program , " sh " should be available to you . simple test ( list files ) : sh -c "ls"  have you ever used the android terminal application before ? take a look : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm have you ever written shell scripts before ? take a look : http://tldp.org/ldp/abs/html/ once you have written your scripts , you need to run them using " sh " . some applications can run scripts for you or you can do it manually using adb . take a look : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=os.tools.scriptmanager i hope this is helpful , let me know if you need anymore help .
one thing i have not seen mentioned yet is sl4a , the scripting layer for android . this allows you run various types of scripts on your phone , python scripts being one of them . since sl4a is not directly in the play store , you may want something like qpython instead ( which incorporates sl4a ) . tasker , also mentioned by izzy , has the ability to launch sl4a scripts .
you can install qpython to code python apps and make what you want : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hipipal.qpyplus or you can try to tweak with tasker : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm
on startup , check adb logcat for an init message that mentions the hwcomposer . if you have a logcat viewer on your device ( such as catlog ) , you can use that , too .
a ) yes , you can use your external as an internal storage . ( requires root access . using link2sd . i do not know any other app ) b ) yes , it is possible to unroot your device . ( http://www.wikihow.com/unroot-android ) c ) i have not tried that . but , yes you can do it . i think that you want to avoid using link2sd app because of the risk . so i suggest you move your apps from internal memory to an external memory ( if you have any ) . by rooting your phone your warranty will be void , plus you take a huge risk . ( but if anything goes wrong , you are not alone . so you will always find a solution on net :p ) this is the biggest disadvantage . but on the bright side there are plenty of things you can enjoy .
i think mighty text is the best app to send sms from a computer to a phone . it makes the device suitable to send the sms . hope you will love this .
for a system independent solution , you might want to take a look at e.g. airdroid : airdroid runs as an app on your android device . when you start this app , it offers you to start its service . having done so , it displays an url to connect to with a web browser , plus a password to authenticate . doing so on your pc , you can manage your android device from within the pc 's web browser : edit your contacts , send sms , play your media , change the background image , and much more . even the clipboard can be shared . preferably this is done while both devices ( the android device and your pc ) are connected to the same network , of course -- but you do not need a cable , as the name airdroid correctly indicates the " over-the-air " use of wifi : ) other than with the nokia pc suite , airdroid does not save a copy of the android device 's data on your pc . this is , however , afaik done by myphoneexplorer client -- which was already mentioned in mattlin 's answer ; but this is only available to windows users .
mightytext - send and receive sms from your computer . it will automatically get synced in your phone .
try myphoneexplorer to control ( almost ) any android device . you can easily send and receive sms on your pc when this software is connected to your phone . or htc sync manager for synchronizing .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2573353 here is a short code to get teh phone to show debug mode : *#197328640#
on my samsung fascinate i click on this button next to the address bar : and it takes me to this screen , which also has a history tab ( top-right ) : the functionality shown above is also available to me on cyanogenmod 7 , leading me to think that it is a feature of the stock browser ( i.e. . not added by samsung ) .
note this is " one way " to get there on a true stock android browser . samsung , for some reason , removed the bookmarks menu item . eldarerathis ' answer will work for both stock and the touchwiz ( samsung ) versions of the browser . open the browser press menu key select bookmarks here are the bookmarks there should be a tab that is called " history " you can also clear the history from that tab .
if you get to a website on your samsung the button is present on the right of the address bar . you may 1st have to stop the loading of the website that you are on to cause the button to appear .
no . on all android phones i am aware of , the " messaging " or sms app is just an sms app . it does not try to sucker you into using a proprietary chat service by pretending it is giving you free texts . there are many im and chat services for android if you want to use one instead of texting . like the iphone , there is even one that ships with the phone , but unlike the iphone , it is a separate app , called hangouts . hangouts looks and feels like a chat system , not an sms app , and it includes voice and video calling , sending files , and group calling . android allows third-party apps access to all the phone functions , so if you really want to use sms and a chat system in the same app , i am sure you can find a third-party sms app that includes both , such as skype .
as explained in my comments on the question itself : a restore is more than just the .apk files . all parts of the system need to fit together , or you might run into trouble ( unstable system , things not working as expected , apps crashing , and the like ) . there are different approaches to backup and restore , and one should not mix them without the required experience . nandroid a nandroid backup ( as it is done by e.g. clockworkmod ) basically creates full images of all your device 's partitions , without any abstraction . this does not necessarily mean one could not pick single items out of a nandroid backup , but its not that trivial . if you restore a single partion only ( such as /data ) , it must fit the other parts of the system . the /data partition also holds the /data/dalvik-cache , for example , which consists of the byte-code for all installed apps , optimized for the rom which created it . if you e.g. would restore the /data partition from a backup of rom-x to a device with rom-y , those dex ( dalvik executables ) would not fit . also rom-y might use different directory structures for several things , which are not reflected here . you see , it would not be such a good idea . adb backups backups created with the adb backup command are a different case : they are " abstracted " . if you look into such an archive , you will not find the directory structure reflected . thus at least in theory , an app backup ( including the apps ' data ) created on rom-x should restore fine on rom-y , as the adb daemon on the device should take care of what belongs where . titanium backup somehow comparable with the afore-mentioned adb backup . tibu uses its own format , and furthermore offers a " migration mode " when restoring backups from a different rom . tibu can also extract apps/data from nandroid ( and adb ? ) backups , and hopefully fits them in fine even between different roms . other details as you correctly noted : no , titanium backup is not needed to restore a nandroid backup . the same script collection ( nandroid ) used for the backup process would take care for the restore as well , again from the same place ( clockworkmod recovery ) . but as described above : titanium backup is able to read from backup files created with nandroid . as a last line , i want to repeat what i wrote in the beginning : nandroid , adb backup , and titanium are using completely different concepts . though it is possible to mix them on a restore , this should only be done by experienced users understanding those concepts and knowing what they are doing .
you will need to use odin . this blog has a guide for how to flash 2.1 . to summarize you put your phone in download mode , connect it to your pc , load the firmware into the appropriate field ( s ) in odin and hit start . the site has a link to firmware but if it does not work try samfirmware . com .
a quick search on the market found a number of these . here are a few that seem to fit your description . bus stop alarm bus snooze - gps alarm location reminder alarm gps alarm+ gps alarm
i have not used it personally , but many of my friends will tell you ( and so will a lot of people on this site ! ) that tasker is what you are looking for , and it is well worth the price . it not only can make certain alarms active per location , but it can do any number of tasks , depending on if you are in a certain spot , if you have wi-fi access , if your battery is low , and so on . here 's the full description : automate everything from settings to photos , sms to speech . adc2 prize winner . total automation , from settings to sms . adc2 finalist ! triggers : app , time , day , location , hard/soft state , event , shortcut , widget , timer actions : 175+ built-in , any locale-compatible setting plugin tasks : loops , variables , conditions
remember the milk can do this : although it is a todo list utility , and a very good one , you can also set tasks to be triggered by geolocation ( at the railway station ? remember to text the parking fee ) and these will set off the alarm of your choice .
check this milwus location alarm app . works nicely , it is exactly what you are looking for .
llama . a laymans version of tasker . it can do so much more but should suffice with minimal battery impact as it uses cell sites to identify rather than gps .
i would like to propose an app i just published ; it is are we there yet ? , it has a fancy new holo based ui , it allows you to save alarms for quick access and it is free .
if the wi-fi hotspot feature is broken in your custom rom , then it does not matter what apps you install . they all rely on the os to do their work . you need to build or find a rom which supports this feature in order to use it .
some devices , e.g. the galaxy s , have a cache wipe option in their recovery . clockworkmod recovery has a " wipe cache partition " option as well , it should be one of the options when you first boot into it . some older versions might have it under " advanced " .
you can delete the application cache directories , in /data/data but that will also remove any settings and things like that . you can also use clockwork recovery ( if its available for that device ) and " wipe data " , but again , it will clear out the settings too . if the sdcard is the big concern , you can either use adb or even windows ( when the sdcard is mounted ) and delete the folders that contain the cache data that is taking up space .
quick app manager is also a good ( albeit not-free ) choice for bulk cache cleaning . with it you can do one-touch clearing of all application cache . quick app manager quick app clean cache becomes quick app manager , a complete and powerful application manager : cache cleaner history cleaner task killer app 2 sd manager ( for android 2.2 or higher ) mobile traffic plus ! a security tool helper that displays non system applications using potentially risky permissions .
there are plenty of apps available that will do this . one that supports both manual and periodic cache cleaning : 1 tap cleaner 1-tap to clean all cache , search histories and calls log . a default cleaner is also included . are you running out of application storage ? you now can get more available storage space by clearing apps created cache/data files .
wifi pppoe by cnddu is an app that allows you to make a pppoe connection from your phone over a wireless connection : . . . main purpose is for user to make pppoe connection via wifi , e.g. dialing through adsl modem with user name and password provided by some internet isps . this app makes the android devices be able to connect to internet directly via pppoe dialing through wifi , and no need for another wifi router any more . note that a rooted phone with busybox installed is required to use this app . there are also a number of other similar apps available in the play store now , some free , some not . they all currently seem to require a rooted phone . ( answer rescued from deletions )
you could use http://www.junefabrics.com/android/download.php . you need to install the app on your phone and on your laptop . works with windows .
your new device has a small amount of internal memory and a large amount of storage memory . this larger section is termed as /sdcard and the contents of a physical microsd card inserted into your device is assigned the label /sdcard_ext or similar . the android media scanner will intelligently scan thru your entire sd card ( both if you have a physical card inserted too ) at boot time . you can place your music files in the following folders . ymmv due to differing versions of android . /sdcard/Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . /sdcard/Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . /sdcard/Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . /sdcard/Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . /sdcard/Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . /sdcard/Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . /sdcard/Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . /sdcard/Download/ - miscellaneous downloads .
i have found it ! pinch with two fingers on the home page , to enter the edit pages mode , then move them around .
from : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url https://github.com/cgeo/c-geo-opensource/issues/703 all of these people are posting issues or logcats relating to the gps on their phone , i would imagine yours is something similar if it is in a line like : DEBUG/(2696): [HYPOS] NOMOVE Time 13114, PowerMode 2, GPSWeakSignal 19, GPSFixTime 0, Car 1, DOE 3  the fact it also says gps in the log cat entry is a hint also .
an app developer can use any word as log tag . the log tag ' hypos ' can be from any good/bad app that you have installed in you phone .
media scanner scans both sd card as well as usb storage , but not rom and system storage . means , it scans from /sdcard/ and /sdcard/external_sd/ mount points . it goes deep inside all non-hidden sub-directories , unless .nomedia file is detected . media scanner skips rom and system storage because both require root permission to write anything there . and , its very unlikely for an end-user to store music , photo there .
this can often be caused by filesystem corruption on the sd card . the sd card might appear to work normally if you do not access the corrupted parts of the filesystem , but since the media scanner reads the whole filesystem , it is much more likely to get stuck on a corrupted file or directory . try removing the sd card and using a card reader on your pc to check the filesystem ( e . g . with scandisk or fsck ) .
please try the following : select the duplicate contact edit the contact access the menu for the edit contact page , and select the join action select the contact you want to merge with from the suggested list , or search for the appropriate one . doing this will link the contacts .
this link should help . it contains a link to a thread detailing a special zip file created by one of the developers . it will help you possibly get s-on . the step by step instructions are in the thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=863899 by the way , s-off is not something service technicians actively look for . many people have sent in phones for servicing with s-off and technicians still fix it . with my nexus one , once you get s-off , it shows an unlock symbol that does not go away and is shown every time with the splash image during boot . however , many of my friends with this phone have gotten it fixed without problems . edit : if the s-off doesnt work , you should private message or pm the developer who created the zip file on xda . he will be better able to help you as he has repeatedly got s-on and s-off . i dont have the same device . unfortunately , the bootloaders are device specific and vary on the manufacturer . my experience with s-off will be different from yours .
as it turns out , my problem was that i have unrooted my phone before attempting to reset to s=off . the kernel did not allow this , because the phone was , obviously , not rooted . after rerooting my phone and attempting the method above again ( i had to enter the commands in the unroot script manually . it didnt work when just running the script ) , i was able to get s=on and revert to the stock rom .
i am not sure about the galaxy nexus , but the older galaxy models can output analog video through the headphone jack . the cable is similar to nokia ca-75u . since the phone is a google reference model without samsung 's addons , i am not sure if this works , but i would say it is worth a try .
i ended up getting the digital to analog converter off amazon . i tried the suggestion of onik but galaxy nexus has different 3.5mm jack than other galaxy phones . i even tried my old htc incredible video out cable that goes through a modified microusb but i did not fit the galaxy nexus microusb port . there was no solution , that i could find , for an analog video other than the digital to analog converter . i installed it today and it works perfectly so i my phone mirrors to my head units display without a hitch . the only trouble i ran into was powering the ac powered unit . i already had a dc to ac converter so i just plugged the ac power of the video converter box in to the power converter box and hit it away in my glove box ( many conversions , haha . ) it looks seamless until you open the glove box .
i use anti sms spam and private box . it can block messages from specified number/unknown number . messages with specified word can also be filtered .
you could try call blocker gold , it seems to have the features you are looking for .
you could use sanity , which seems to have the feature you want ( from app description ) : block unwanted calls and sms : automatically refuse incoming calls and sms filtering out the phone number ( include or exclude anonymous and/or unknown numbers , favourites , contacts and groups ; enable the block by choosing date and time ) ; advanced : choose between different block methods to confuse the caller !
if your device is rooted , and you have a custom recovery installed : wipe the dalvik cache . next boot will take a little longer ( as the dalvik cache has to be rebuilt ) , but the problem should be gone . if the above is not an option , you could try to backup the affecgted apps and their data using e.g. helium backup , then uninstall the apps , and restore them ( including their data ) from their backup . this way their dalvik cache would be rebuilt as well , you do not lose your data , and helium can do that in a batch-process to save you a bunch of clicks .
doing a factory reset of your device may solve the problem . make sure that you do not restore from a back-up and set up your device as fresh . this would be a permanent fix for your problem . otherwise , 3rd-party apps will crash every time you update them . uninstalling and reinstalling is only a temporary fix . **back up important files to dropbox , google drive , etc .
android 's debugging bridge adb supports backup/restore : adb backup -f wifisettings . bak presents you a message on screen which you need to confirm ( and maybe enter a passphrase ) to create the backup . adb restore wifisettings . bak restores it . just set up your phone to a very simple initial state ( nothing else besides the wifi settings , or so ) . then backup . adb also supports partial backups ( adb -f backup . bak com . app . name ) , but the wifi settings are not part of a particular app , at least i have not figured out which package to backup to catch the wifi settings . another way : is your phone rooted ? then " adb push stored_wpa_supplicant . conf /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant . conf " will restore your password file .
this is a suggestion , it may not meet all your critera and not all routers support it . set a second ssid on the router which is not broadcast have a simple password on this ssid with a minimal number of characters implement mac lockdown on this ssid enter the mac of your phone as the only approved connection your router will only accept connections from specific mac addresses on the new ssid , even if others guess your password .
the motorola razr has a sleep option which works like that so it is possible to do though it probably has to be done at rom level .
there really is nothing a " suspend " mode would give you over simply shutting the phone off , other than maybe a slightly faster resume vs . boot-up time . with that said , most android devices are engineered with battery life in mind . however a phone still must function as a phone , so cellular and data radios must be enabled , touch screens must respond to input , etc . all these things are a drain on the battery . there are many apps on the market that can help with mitigating this drain , especially when the battery is low on power . with an app like juice defender , for example , you can set up profiles that automate disabling data connectivity and only enabling it once in a while for short periods to check for e-mail , etc . there are lower level tweaks as well . custom kernels combined with 3rd-party roms allow you to underclock ( opposite of overclocking ) and undervolt the cpu when the phone is not actively in use , take advantage of different cpu governors that are more battery-friendly , etc . however these require a phone to be rooted , with an unlocked bootloader in order to install these custom kernels and roms .
i am assuming that you are talking about kindle fire which runs ( heavily modified ) android os . all purchases made on a kindle are linked to whatever amazon account you are signed in with , not the actual device . if you wish for your purchases to be separated , you will need to have a different amazon account for your second kindle fire . now the problem is that there is no way to share purchases between accounts . as far as i know , you cannot add a second amazon account to the kindle ( like you can with multiple google accounts on plain android . )
izzy 's answer is a good start : check that you have a . json file for the app . if you do not have this file , before you go copying and editing another app 's . json file , just back up your app 's . ab file somewhere , then backup the app again using carbon . it should save a . json file this time . you can then replace the new backup 's . ab file with the one you need to restore , and the app will be detected by carbon . ( if it still does not save a . json file , use izzy 's method . )
i had the same problem and managed to get it working . after reinstalling the applications i backed up ( angry birds in my case ) , i deleted the carbon folder from the phone ( keeping a copy on the pc ) . i then backed up angry birds so that the carbon folder on the phone is recreated etc . i then replaced the new ab file with the one i originally backed up . when i restored , i could see the application and was able to restore .
it is a kludge , but carbon uses the standard adb debugbackend for its operation . this means that the .ab format is not proprietary and each of the individual backups can be restored from the adb command line : adb restore C:\whatever\Carbon\things.the.all\things.the.all.ab  . . . or through a graphic tool such as droid explorer .
as it turned out , all the other apps had their corresponding .json file missing . not a big deal : as badp 's answer shows , one can simply use adb restore to restore the backups . but as not everybody might have the sdk ( or even a minimal adb ) installed ( or even a computer available -- one might be on a journey ) , my answer will take a different approach . what we need first , you will need to make a backup of some app , to get a working .json file . as the question states , there was such one from the adobe reader . to visualize it for you , this is what the corresponding file ( com.adobe.reader.json ) looks like : you will also need : a file manager an editor of course , you could also perform the steps below from your linux computer ; using a different os , take care for the file 's encoding and line breaks . what we do i pick an example app here : kindle for android . in the question 's screenshots , it is listed close to the adobe reader as com.amazon.kindle . for your apps , just pick the corresponding values based on this example : copy com.adobe.reader/com.adobe.reader.json to com.amazon.kindle/com.amazon.kindle.json open com.amazon.kindle/com.amazon.kindle.json with an editor replace com.adobe.reader by com.amazon.kindle for packageName replace Adobe Reader by Kindle for Android for label ( actually , you can put anything here -- but might prefer to know what you have got : ) optionally , replace the versionName accordingly ( it will work without ) save the file i am not sure what versionCode or flags stand for , so we better do not touch those . we also can safely ignore the rest : " enabled"="true " should mean " this app is enabled ( i.e. . not frozen ) " " system"="false": it is no system app ( matches : kindle is no system app ) " locked"="false": this app is not " protected " " date " obviously holds a unix timestamp ( most likely that of the backup ) " apk"="false": ah , data only ( cabon 's default is to not include the .apk with the backup , to speed things up ) " backup"="true": is this a joke ? what else could it be ? now , first let 's see whether carbon accepts our trick . if it correctly lists up kindle for android as being available for a restore , you might want to repeat above steps for your other backups as well .
you can just reinstall your firmware using this tool . it is the official update tool for lg phones . after that you can just root your phone again . just remember , it is almost impossible to completely ruin your phone ; ) edit : you might want to make a backup , because during the update you lose everything on your internal sd ( everything on your external sd is safe )
it is probably the same thing although rom is supposed to be the area / location where stuff is only ever written once ( during manufacture / initial flashing ) .
only for samsung galaxy s ( but nevertheless very , very important ) : speed , speed , speed . my galaxy is much , much quicker in handling all things - the lag that was present in previous versions up and including 2.2 is completely gone . update : maybe not only for samsung galaxy s ( come to think of it ) , but i have only the samsung galaxy s at my disposal .
i am not aware of an official changelog anywhere , but you can look at the commit log on the git repository here . anything between the 2.2_r1.3 tag and the 2.2.1_r1 tag was a change added in 2.2.1 . the summary : it is basically just bugfixes , hence why it is a smaller increment ( as opposed to 2.2-&gt;2.3 , for example ) . note : if you are getting a 2.2.1 update from a carrier then they may have added other changes to their own software , so the above applies to the android os itself and not any additional components .
your router in the office is blocking ports - while accepting port 80 for http requests . contact your administrator . i know , at my office , our admin had to change some settings ( but i do not know what ports were necessary ) .
i would say all videos players , but in doubt i tested : aosp gallery : works . the new " photos " app that comes with google+ : works . mx player ( free ) : works .
for setting file permissions , you can use the chmod command . the permissions shown are basically split in 3 parts , each consisting of 3 chars : a triple for the owner , the group , and for " others " . usually , each triple holds definitions for reading , writing , and executing a file ; so rwx means " can read , write , and execute " , while r-- would say " can only read " . the resulting 9 chars are usually preceded by another one , giving information of the type of the " file": ( d ) irectory and ( l ) ink are the most common examples . again , if no " special condition " matches , a leading - indicates a " normal file " . based on that , let 's take your input : -rwsr-sr-x obviously describes a " normal file " ( starting with - ) , readable ( r ) by owner , group , and others , writable by owner only , and executable by " others " ­– while owner and group have a s instead the x for execute . this stands for " suid " , elevate the caller to the level of the file owner/group . taking advantage of the fact permissions can be set " bit-wise " ( x=1 , w=2 , r=4 , suid user=4 , group=2 ) , after my long " rant " finally the command which should do the trick : chmod 6774 su  should set the permissions your question shows . if i " mis-calculated " , you have got all information to re-calculate for yourself now : ) additional hints from the comments : instead of calculating the " bitmask " , one can also use symbolic names – as dan hulme pointed out , and as explained e.g. on the chmod manpage : defining whom to grant to : ( u ) ser / ( g ) roup / ( o ) thers / ( a ) ll defining what to grant : ( r ) ead / ( w ) rite / e ( x ) ecute / ( s ) uid defining whether to ( + ) grant or ( - ) revoke so the following two commands should be similar , provided there have not been other things granted before : chmod 6774 su chmod u+rws g+rs o+rx su  the difference becomes clear in case e.g. before " others " had also write permission : while the first command ( using a bitmask ) sets the permission explicitly to match the " grants " defined ( and thus would remove that write permission ) , the symbolic one " makes a diff " ( in the example , it just adds the permissions specified to whatever was there before , so that write permission would not be removed ) .
i can not think of any reason why this would not be a good idea .
i am not going to answer if its a good idea or not - you need to solve that for yourself : ) . having your contacts stored with google contacts will eliminate any duplicates ( at least duplicates where you have the number stored in the sim and e-mail in google , or something like that ) and allow you to manage/sync those contacts from anywhere you can access google contacts , like a computer . your are correct that it will ' backup ' your contacts so that if you were to switch phones or even carriers , you would not have to worry about bringing your contacts as long as the phone you have supports google contacts ( web or app ) . keeping your contacts on the sim allows you to keep them from google ( if you are worried about privacy ) and if you get another sim-based phone you can easily move them ( provided you keep the same sim ) . personally having my contacts in google contacts has been great . easy synchronization , use photos from picasa as contact photos , management from a computer . . . but you will have to decide for yourself which is " better " you may want to see this answer to help you move your contacts from the sim to google contacts .
try installing another player with support for many codecs , like vlc . if that one plays the video 's well your android device is ok and probably using a non supported codec .
mp4 is a container that can contain different video codecs , it sounds like your device is creating its videos using an unusual codec that not many other devices have loaded by default . as seth and hcpl have said vlc player can play almost any format and should be able to play your videos . if you want to know what codec is being used , then try opening the video in a codec identifying app like gspot , this should tell you exactly which audio and video formats and codecs are in your videos .
i use jorte to add events to my google calendar linked accout without problems and without any specific setting tuning .
download go launcher ex and install it and then download the go widget called go switch widget . this widget will allow you to switch among many apps through one touch very easily .
widgetsoid will allow a user to create a bar of toggles - add the mobile data toggle in the network section . then tapping that will toggle the data connection . of course - a search turned up many other dedicated options . try and use whichever you like best .
from the developer page , background data is used for " an application that uses the network in the background . " for example , a quick search tells me the market requires this to be turned on . keeping background data set to on is what enables you to keep data from gmail , weather , facebook , twitter , etc . up to date without having to manually refresh/sync each of them . also realize that battery usage increases with each app or account that is utilizing background data . i notice twitter has several time increments to choose from in terms of synchronization rate - this helps balance between having the latest data and preserving battery . hope it helps .
the source code for the adb exploit used in the superoneclickroot tool is available : http://stealth.openwall.net/xsports/rageagainstthecage.tgz . you would have to crosscompile rageagainstthecage . c ( after reviewing it of course . . . ) for arm5 and then do the whole adb thing , descibed for example here in thread no . 844966 at xda-dev ( my one link was already used up , sorry ) . i do not speak from experience however .
perhaps a simple answer but if the author does not provide the sourcecode of the app und you know that it does not originate of a trusted source , you can not be sure that it is clean . if it is a high risk for you you probably should not use it .
the apps are not the problem . sometimes there are huge log files or other files which take all the memory . the solution : install sd-maid app and use the system-clear function . you may have to root your phone first . this is the only thing worked for me .
i use diskusage for situations like this . it graphs the directory structure for you in a very pedagogical way to show you what directories ( and subdirectories ) that are taking up the most space . it literally solves situations like this in 15 seconds for me , because i will see a big square with the text " movies " or something on it , realizing i completely forgot i put an entire season of wonders of the universe on my device or something — or i will se a folder with a name of an app that has long since been deleted with a bunch of useless cache : ) try it out , i am not sure how well it works on non-rooted devices but i think it should work on those as well , i do not think it does anything else than list directories and add their content size up .
the settings have moved to the " security " list , rather than the " personalisation " list , but i have been unable to see previews on my lockscreen since the update even with these settings . others that i know have experienced the same issue . htc just recommend a factory reset . . . -_-
i found a related github repo but do not know if its official or from some rom developer . from the source the file heads_of_state . txt is listed under ime but has been removed in the latest commit ( the only other commit ) . the commit message is " deleted uneeded lg 's calibration apk " . i can not conclude anything from this but maybe this will be helpful .
just found this strange python script that is included in the xt9 . note that it uses the ' heads_of_state . txt ' file as input for something . seems like a sorting script or something .
i searched the internet for it , and the file seems is for developers testing purpose , this file can be found in other platforms either . i found it in : python android php seems like foo bar case
what happens is this , depending on the settings within sms app , ( really its actually mms app ) , ' delete old messages ' option delete old messages as limits are reached , if that was checked , then once it hits the threshold of 200 texts , android will wipe them , to make room for more incoming messages . now , if that was not checked , android does nothing but . . . it will slow down the handset to a crawl because it is loaded down with say , hundreds of messages , because android is keeping track of it . if you really care about your sms , it might be best to use sms backup restore and just back them up periodically .
you probably can not copy and paste the files , because the blank sd card does not have the same partition structure and filesystem flags . what you can do , though , is clone the original sd card onto the blank one . note : the new sd card must be the same size ( or larger ) for this to work . these instructions will make an exact copy , including partition structures , partition flags , and even disk fragmentation . it is an exact bit-for-bit copy . warning : this could mess up your computer . if you put in the wrong parameter for the of= part of the dd command , you could completely overwrite your main hard drive . make sure you triple-check the destination mountpoint . especially if you think the mountpoint is /dev/sda option 1: mount both cards at the same time if you can mount both sd cards at the same time , you can save a step and some time . insert the original sd card on your computer and find out the mountpoint of the original sd card . open up the Disks application click on your sd card in the list on the left . at the top right , just below the name of the sd card , it will list the mountpoint . it will look something like /dev/sdc or /dev/mmcblk0 or similar . insert the blank/target sd card on your computer and find its mountpoint ( using the same steps ) open a terminal ( aka command line ) run the following command , but replace original_mount with the mountpoint you found , and also replace the target_mount with the mountpoint of the blank card . <code> sudo dd if= original_mount bs=128m of= target_mount </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) . option 2: mount one card at a time if you only have one sd card reader , you will have to make an image of the original sd card , then swap the cards and write that image to the new sd card . insert the original sd card on your computer and find out the mountpoint of the original sd card . open up the Disks application click on your sd card in the list on the left . at the top right , just below the name of the sd card , it will list the mountpoint . it will look something like /dev/sda or /dev/mmcblk0 or similar . open a terminal ( aka command line ) run the following command , but replace original_mount with the mountpoint you found . <code> sudo dd if= original_mount bs=128m of=/tmp/sdcard . img </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) . remove the original sd card and insert the blank card . the mountpoint should be the same , but open the Disks app again just to make sure . run the following command , but replace target_mount with the mountpoint you found . <code> sudo dd if=/tmp/sdcard . img bs=128m of= target_mount </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) .
i can not say why you might have trouble duplicating an sd card , but there are a few things i can say , based on both reading and actual experience , that might be helpful : if you are talking about the original nook color , at least ( i am not sure whether or not there are later models still called " nook color " that work differently ) , rooting has nothing to do with it , since the device will boot from the sd card , presuming it is bootable , and not from the os on the internal storage . ( it is actually the os , not the device , that is " rooted " . ) an sd card that will boot and run on one nook color should , barring hardware problems , boot and run on any other , and a good copy of an sd card that works should also work and provide the same functionality as the origina . also , i can see no reason why an os , such as cm , that worked before to run a particular application will not be able , deprecated or not , to run the identical application with identical support files now .
it looks like the cyanogenmod installation instructions for m7 are missing a section for flashing clockworkmod recovery onto the phone . right after you unlock the bootloader , you need to do the following : download and install android sdk tools from here ( expand the " download for other platforms " , and it should be under the " sdk tools only " section . ) download the latest version of clockworkmod recovery image from here . scroll down to " htc one " and select either the regular or touch recovery . save the .img file somewhere on your computer . download and install usb drivers for the phone . restart your phone in bootloader mode by turning it off , and then turning it on while holding the volume down button . connect the phone to your pc via usb cable . your pc should recognize it . open command prompt ( assuming windows here ) and navigate to the platform-tools subfolder of where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . cd C:\android-sdk\platform-tools ) ensure the connection works by issuing the following command : fastboot devices this should show you the serial number of your phone . if this returned nothing or gave you an error , something went wrong during usb driver installation . flash the recovery by using the following syntax : fastboot flash recovery [path-to-recovery.img-file] . for example : fastboot flash recovery c:\recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.4.6-m7.img this sends the recovery image to your phone and flashes it . wait for the success message . issue the following commands : fastboot erase cache followed by fastboot reboot-bootloader your phone should reboot back into bootloader mode , and you should now be able to enter recovery and continue with flashing cm .
try solve it with the android toolkit wich helped me . boot it via the program itself ( boot stock . . . . ) . you might need to install the drivers first ( the program helps you with it ) . see more here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1809195
if your cell phone or other android device is always booting into safe mode , follow the steps below . remove any case or gel skin from the phone . if the case is pressing on the menu key it can cause it to load into safe mode . remove the battery and sim card ( if present ) from the phone . wait at least 30 seconds . with the battery still out of the phone plug the phone into its wall charger . place the battery and sim card back into the computer . turn the phone back on . while the phone is loading do not press any keys or buttons . after the above steps have been followed your phone should be able to load into normal mode each time you start the phone . if the phone continues to load into safe mode an app you have recently installed may be preventing the phone from loading normally . remove any recently installed app on the phone and try the above steps again . finally , if the phone continues to load into safe mode after following all of the above steps we suggest performing a master reset , which will reset the phone and erase all settings and software . source : http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch001362.htm
i had the same problem . spent a night to fix it . first i thought it to be a software issue . . browsed and tried infinite fixes . i tried re seating flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . i tries to factory reset through boot loader . thought of flashing a different rom . dint work out for me . here is what worked for me . open the back panel of the tablet . https://www.ifixit.com/guide/nexus+7+power+%26+volume+button+cable+replacement/9926 flip up the retaining flap on the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' connecting to the mother board . do not pull out the cable now . be ready to pull out the cable . 3 . press the power button to switch on your tablet . 4 . the moment you see google logo , pull out ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . this will disconnect volume down key , which forces the tablet into bootloader . 5 . now the tablet is on in normal mode . 6 . plug the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' into its mother board socket . 7 . close the panel and enjoy using your tablet . be very careful with ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . a slight twist or bend will short the connections inside the cable . p . s : after powering on , try not to switch off the tablet . the volume down key might malfunction again and your tablet might go back to boot loader . charge it before the battery dies out . in worst case , you will have to repeat the above steps again . messing with the power keys cable is not always a good idea :d the volume down key and power key combination lets you to go into boot loader . so when volume down key is malfunctioning , your tablet might go for a toss . this could be for various reasons , a . volume key is abused b . volume key cable is damaged c . mother board is unable to supply enough power to volume keys . d . volume keys socket in the mother board is damaged .
are you sure your tags are correct , it sounds like they are not ? try looking at the files with something like mp3tag or mediamonkey they should show exactly which tags are in there and let you clear out any corrupted tags .
you should be able to do this natively . android 3.0 ( and below ) : in your launcher , press and hold on a blank area and click " shortcuts " . select " drive shortcut " , then your document , and it will create a link for you . android 4.0 ( and above ) open your app drawer and jump to the widgets section . swipe until you get to " drive shortcut " . long-press and drop on your desktop . choose the account to use ( if necessary ) then select the document .
1 ) go to settings -> storage clear the cache ( select the item and hit ok to clear it ) , then : 2 ) go to settings -> date and time check the first 2 options -- if they are selected already , uncheck and re-select them ; see if the time fixes itself . if it works , reboot the device and see if the time sticks . if not : 3 ) power off the device , pull out the sim and re-insert it , then power on the device . repeat step 2 . if that does not work : 4 ) try a different sim ( preferably on a different carrier ) . 5 ) lastly , try to manually set the date to within a few minutes of the actual time , then see if it survives a reboot . if all of that fails , i would suggest booting into recovery ( while device is off , hold power + volume down until you the the ' laying down android ' screen ) and doing a factory reset ( back up your data first ) .
of course there are tons of it . many of them just supports what you are asking but i would recommend you llama or tasker . tasker is paid app but llama is free and uses your cell tower to determine your location to make location based tasks as well . for eg , not only it can do what you have asked but also only when you are at your home .
i have got the same issue one week ago . today i flashed an aokp rom using cwm and finally everything runs well .
hardware wise , they are almost identical ( at least to some of the us versions of the galaxy s ) but there are some differences some of the differences are : the galaxy s has 3 hardware buttons ( menu , home and back ) , the nexus s has 4 ( back , menu , search and home ) . these are the buttons below the screen . the nexus s has slightly curved glass the nexus s has an nfc chip the nexus s does not have a microsd slot . the nexus s has a flash for the rear 5mp camera the galaxy s supports bluetooth 3.0 , nexus s , bluetooth 2.1 in terms of software : the galaxy s uses the samsung rfs for a lot of the file system , the nexus s uses ext4 ext4 performs a lot better then rfs does the galaxy s runs the samsung touchwiz 2.2 ( froyo ) modified version of android , the nexus s runs " stock " android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) here is a screenshot of the i9000
you can do this via wifi , using a remote management app like e.g. airdroid or , when on windows , myphoneexplorer . there are a lot more apps like this , and they give you the added benefit of being able to manage a lot of other things remotely -- as e.g. reading/writing sms , managing apps/contacts/ringtones , copying files between your device and your computer , and sometimes even backup stuff . most of them ( like the mentioned airdroid 1 ) start a web service on your device , which you then can access with your browser . this often looks like a " virtual pc " ( see screenshot below ) . others ( like here myphoneexplorer 2 ) have a native pc-client , which can even do more ( like here : synchronizing with outlook and others ) . airdroid managing pictures myphoneexplorer windows client
you need a launcher app to do such things . try using launchers available on playstore , like nova launcher . launcher will give you access to hiding notification bar , configuring desktop grid , playing around with doc and so on .
( note : you may need to be rooted to do this , depending on where the app is writing these files - if you do , run su before running these commands ) install a terminal emulator on your phone . once it is finished installing , open it up and type cd /the/folder . if you have enough time to type in commands while the file exists simply type chmod -R 444 . , which will make the current directory and all subdirectories read-only . if you do not have enough time , type something like this : while true; do if ls | grep &lt;filename&gt;; then chmod -R 444 .; fi; done . leave it running in the terminal session and when the app creates &lt ; filename&gt ; it'll make the directory and its subdirectories read-only . ( all of the above can be run in adb shell if you prefer , but imo installing a terminal emulator is less of a hassle )
try frama root apk . it roots all high end devices . how to install : download framaroot from xda run , choose superuser or supersu select boromir or another character you will see :- reboot device root- installed
with rooting there is no guarantee that you won ' lose your data , but in general it is safe . for rooting the htc legend it looks like the following is the best method : register with htc dev and unlock you bootloader get the acs htc super tools and drivers from here install the drivers unrar the super tools ensure your phone has usb debugging enabled plug phone into computer and run supertool . exe do options 1 and 3 ( in that order ) to root your phone download the s-off file from here move that file to the htcsupertoolv3\root\ folder where adb and fastboot are open a command prompt and navigate to the root folder where you put the s-off image from above run the following commands :  adb reboot bootloader   fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-legend.img  you are now rooted with a custom recovery . note : i do not have an htc legend and this is just a synthesis of research that i have done .
i finally worked out how to do this . i used z4root to gain root access and it worked perfectly . i was able to get the data i needed without any problems at all .
try going to the application manager . find gmail and make sure that show notifications is checked . that fixed all of my problems .
have you checked to see if sync is on ? on ics+ go to Settings-Data Usage and press the menu button , and ensure ' auto sync data ' is checked . then go to Account-&gt;&lt;select your account&gt; and ensure gmail , or email is selected . bear in mind that the email app can not push emails - it can only poll the server at a minimum of every 5 minutes . if you are on less than ics , then go to System Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync and ensure sync is turned on . select the account , and make sure gmail is checked .
it means that an app with the same app id is already installed in your phone . for eg : if there is an app with id com . example . app and you try to install another apk with same id it will give that message .
androidevolved has guides for rooting your motorola flipside . the easiest solution is to use superoneclick . download superoneclick , and extract it . connect your device to the computer . ensure that sd card is not mounted . if it is mounted , unmount it . enable usb debugging from phone –> settings –> application development –> development . open superoneclick . exe . click on universal tab if you are going to root any android device like nexus one , galaxy s , droid etc . click on samsung captivate if that is your phone . click on root tab and wait for the process to finish . [ this will take some time ] once completd , you would get a popup box that would confirm that rooting has been successful . restart your phone . source
try this : android forums - moto flipside you will probably find answers to almost all your questions in here .
you have to add music to the searchable items in the search settings . these settings you normally find when pressing the phone 's search button ( to view the search widget ) -> [ menu ] -> search settings -> searchable items and you select the items you want to include in your search . on a htc phone i think you find these settings here : [ menu ] ( while on a home screen ) -> settings -> search -> searchable items .
using this as source procedure- turn on the portable wi-fi hotspot on your android smartphone ( or tablet ) go to the settings screen on your android phone . you can get there by pressing the menu button on your device when you are on the home screen , then tapping " settings " . at the settings screen , tap the " wireless and networks " option . you should see an option for " portable wi-fi hotspot " . click the check mark beside it to turn on the hotspot and your phone will start acting like a wireless access point . ( you should see a message in the notification bar when it is activated . ) to adjust and check the settings for the hotspot , tap the aptly named " portable wi-fi hotspot settings " option . you will need to do this if you do not know the default password that will be created for your hotspot so you can make a note of it for connecting your other devices . you can change the default password , security level , router name ( ssid ) , and also manage users connected wirelessly to your phone in the wi-fi hotspot settings .
i would not advice this , you can see other questions on here about people asking if they can use different model numbers on their phone and everyone says no . a suggestion to you would be the following , go on the xda website here link and type in your phone and model number into their search bar . from there you should be able to click on their forum for android development , from there you can select a custom rom to flash to your phone as you said you are new it is required to firstly root your phone before flashing a new rom , as you have not provided your phone model i cannot give you a direct link on how to root your phone , if you can update this detail i could find you a link afterwards . also if you decide to root your phone flash a custom rom please note that it is your risk , doing so will void your warranty and if you end up with a bricked device ( not working ) i or anyone giving instructions in any links you use cannot be help responsible . with regards to the problem with only sending a sms if it is 80 char or less , i am not 100% sure as i have not experimented with various different custom roms but there may be a option that you can select to try and fix it , personally i would post another question on this website just for that issue all the best
you do not need drivers for a mac . what you can do so you can access adb from anywhere is create an environment variable that points to the path of adb . open terminal type cd ~ this will take you to your home directory type touch .profile this will create a hidden file named profile type open -e . profile this will open the file you just created in textedit in the file , type export path=${path}:/pathtotheandroidsdkfolder/android-sdk-mac_86/platform-tools save file , close textedit , quit terminal , and relaunch terminal now when you run adb devices , in a terminal , you should see something like the following : list of devices attached 5751a45cb25ef device if you do not see anything listed for devices , make sure you have usb debugging enabled in Settings > Development > USB Debugging
in adb shell or terminal emulator ( and most likely over ssh ) you can use the pm utility to install apps . the command is : pm install /sdcard/app1 . apk the following are the switches of pm: for example , you can force the app to install directly to the external storage ( froyo/gingerbread style . ) p.s. the wget utility should be available via busybox on cm7 . if not , you can always install it via android market .
i would suggest you plug your phone into a pc with the sdk ( or at least adb ) installed and in debugging mode . after this , write a script that goes through your apps and installs them via adb , e.g. adb install x:\path\to\app1.apk .
i am using the same method and yes ssh is great ! but it seems when you ssh to android it gets a different shell than sh so if you put sh in front of the command it should work . here 's an example : sh /system/bin/pm install app1.apk
i found sync settings for individual folders under settings - data usage - then left menu softkey , make sure " auto data sync " is selected . also , settings -accounts - email - settings -select exchange email acct , scroll down to " exchange active sync settings " lots of options for syncing , including individual sync settings for folders .
android has to mount your sd card ; that is all that " preparing sd card " does . if that does not happen , then the device can not use the sd card . hopefully the format was just a fluke . you should put test files on it ( unimportant / already backed up ) and see if it happens again .
my buddy with a htc evo 4g w/ android 2.2 put the sd card in his phone and had no problem reading the files on the sd card . the files were on a seperate partition that was not recognized w/ my mytouchslide using 2.1 . he was unable to format the card with his evo but had a card adapter and put it in his computer and formatted the card on his computer . : ) he said best practices are : un-mounting the sd card before you remove it from the phone putting the card back in when the phone is off backing up your sd card data regularly just in case
have you considered uploading the documents to google docs and using the android google docs app in the tablet ? we use this system to allow mobile devices to access shared documents and work pretty well . i you combine this with google cloud connect you can edit the documents directly from office when you are at the office or from google docs when you are away .
i have mobisystems officesuite 5 for my android ( phone , not tablet though ) . but i have never had any problems editing files , saving them and then opening them in office 2007 and 2010 . it does not have a save as pdf , but it does let you save in either . doc or . docx formats for word , xls and xlsx for excel , and . ppt and pptx for powerpoint
if there is nothing better , adobe has a free-to-use ( except your doc't goes to their site : slight privacy risk ) conversion web app ; see their main site . .
and how do you think you can determinate upstair/downstair location ? transformer has gps receiver , but its precision in indoor use is way too low to have a reliable altitude reading .
disabling a notification for particular app wont ' save battery . yes it would a little by not ringing and vibrating and also by not making you look at the phone . actually notification is handled by os itself . an app just says that i want this notification to be displayed and os handles it . in your case those apps are running in background using service and periodically asks the os to display the notification . event though you have disabled the notification the service is still running and still requesting the os to display notification .
you can disable notifications all together and check facebook when you want to check it .
you could always install titanium backup ( a great app to have ) or app manager ( was just released today by jrummy ) and " freeze"/"unfreeze " the app when you want it to run or not run . this is a very quick/simple/painless operation and there is absolutely no chance for it to run ( taking up resources or draining battery ) while it is " frozen " - it just takes up a bit of storage space is all .
as the person before me said , a good way to do it would be to install titaniumbackup pro ( it is a really great app , can not recommend it enough , and the market commenters seem to agree ) and set up a label called facebook which only contains the face book app . then , create 2 widgets ( one that freezes on one that defrosts facebook ) . it is a bit clunky and takes up 2 home screen cells but it is guaranteed to work : )
after i installed the astro file manager and i went to " preview " - astro popped up , and saying , " give a filename " ok , then it saved the files ! ! ( the files must be ex . : zipped ! ! ) - and then i was able to extract the files in the zip .
you can not , at least not with any consistency , and it looks like you can not request the feature anywhere either . you will need to use a different email client , or wait for the google apps team to implement this out of the blue .
sounds like you have a crippled version of the app . i emailed myself an mp3 file and got " download " and " preview " buttons . pressing " download " downloaded the file ( as one would expect ) to /sdcard/download . ( this is an original droid with froyo . )
i found a number of apps just for this purpose : download all files save my attach gmail attachment download all of these apps function by becoming options when you click on the download or preview button . these are just a couple that i tested out . download all files was my favorite . i am sure there are other apps out there with similar functions .
you may want to check textspansion that works for android https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.designatum_1393.textspansion i am not affiliated with the author although we make a text expansion software for windows .
but can i make text expansion play as nice on android-windows as on iphone-mac ? blueduino has a soft keyboard mode that allows to type text which is then expanded , it is seemless integration . it currently does not offer sync with text on your computer , i would consider this as one of the top next features though . it is in the google play store
this is a protection that htc uses to ensure quality in their devices . to re-install their custom stock you must re-lock you phone , to do this place you phone into fast-boot mode and plugin in via usb : at the command line ( or where ever you may have the fastboot binary ) execute these commands : fastboot devices fastboot oem lock this will lock your bootloader and allow you to run the ruu . your device should now report " locked " . after your device is locked , proceed with running your * . exe on windows . ( make sure you are installing the right one first ! ) list of ruu 's : http://androidfiles.org/ruu/?developer=endeavor full tutorial : http://androidforums.com/one-s-all-things-root/691874-guide-how-run-ruu-your-htc-one-s.html
while i do not know how to kill motoblur , if you are rooted you can use titanium backup to remove the crappy system apps that run all the time . just open titanium , click the offending app , and click uninstall . only remove apps that are not needed for the system to run , of course .
it looks like someone has finally managed to get cyanogenmod 7 ( android 2.3.7 gingerbread ) ported to charm and flipout phones ( they are very similar in hardware . ) this thread over at xda has all the details : first of all your device should be rooted with superoneclick or any other method ( if you do not know how to do it search on google ) download flipout system recovery from the market . download cm7 rom here . https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download download google apps here https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download put both the cm7 rom and the google apps on the root of the sdcard . open flipout recovery and select install recovery system . grant it superuser permission . after that select recovery boot wipe data , cache and open advanced and wipe dalvik cache select " install zip from sdcard " - " choose zip from sdcard " - select the cm7 rom and go to - yes - and wait until finish installation , then use the same procedure to install the google apps . repeat step 7 again . reboot and enjoy cm7 . i am happy to report that this tutorial works , and completely replaces the motoblur firmware of motorola charm with cyanogenmod 7 . it is not perfect ( rotation is " sticky " , there is no way to disable the back-track , etc . ) but it functions well enough to be considered " working " .
you can certainly install the amazon app store app on the emulator . first go to the settings and allow installation of apps from unknown sources , then open the browser and download this app . this will download the app store . apk , which you can then install . however , if you are planning to download and run angry birds ( or other games ) , on the emulator , you will probably find it is too slow unless you have a very fast pc . it might work ok for less demanding apps . also , beware that at the moment amazon only permits us users to download apps ( see how can i get apps from the amazon app store from an unsupported region ? ) .
you can basically upgrade the same way as the original installation ( flash the new rom from recovery ) . the general rule is : do a complete wipe for major releases , but just clear the caches for minor releases . see this cm forum topic .
cyanogenmod 11 has a built-in mechanism for checking for updates . go to Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; CyanogenMod updates there you can toggle when your device will query for an update and on what release channel ( release and development being stable and nightly respectively ) . when an update will appear click on it is icon to download and install , from there , it will do everything for you .
do you really need it to go through email ? if you have a recent enough version of android and google+ , you can enable instant upload to automatically sync all the photos and videos you take to google+ , they will initially be set to private but you can of course set to share them with specific people ( s ) or make them public easily . there are also some apps that can sync the photos and videos you take to google drive or dropbox or other cloud storage provider . the official dropbox app provides camera upload feature , and i am sure there are other cloud storage providers that have similar feature either by using their official app or third party app .
ok , so this problem reoccurred a couple more times until i realised it seemed to happen after my phone restarts and sorts itself out after killing a few running services i did not need . i narrowed it down to an app called announcify . the lesson for me , and others , is to try selectively killing services to troubleshoot any such problems in future .
the shell on android is placed in /system/bin/sh instead of the regular /bin/sh – i wonder where you’d see /sbin/sh which i’ve never encountered in the wild on any unix ( and violates the posix standard ) , but in this place you should just change the script/invocation involved . most commands are in the $PATH anyway , so calling them with explicit paths is not necessarily needed . that being said , android unix userland is very minimal – it didn’t even include a cat(1) implementation until recently – so you may be disappointed a bit . some people suggest using busybox on it . if you do , make sure to not replace the system shell , as android’s default mksh(1) is much more powerful than busybox’ ash . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
unlike a desktop gnu/linux system , android is not designed for command-line use , so it does not come with the full set of command-line programs that a gnu system would have . it only has the most basic commands ( like the ones you have already seen working ) , and android-specific utilities such as am , pm , bmgr . you can get access to the basic posix commands ( such as less and grep ) by installing busybox . there are several installers for it on google play . for any more specialist programs like make , you will need to find an android port of the particular program and install it .
having the free go launcher ex installed , you can install go launcher jelly beans theme , also free , and fully personalize your backgrounds . ultra clean , sharp app drawer with free replaceable backgrounds to change app drawer background : press menu > pref > visual settings > backgrounds > app drawer background > go theme background
in the contacts app , under Menu | Display options i can select which of my accounts contacts ' to display ( and , in the case of gmail contacts , which groups to display ) . assuming samsung has not monkeyed with that , you should be able to determine which account they are from by process of elimination .
in short , the phone will still have the android os as ' flashing to cricket ' is not in reference to the rom or operating system . the seller may be referring to moving the phone off of verizon as the carrier to cricket , another cdma mobile carrier in the us . this seems to be a normal process as cricket does not have the expansive collection of android compared to that of verizon wireless . here are a few thread topics explaining this - http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/82397-flashing-htc-droid-incredible-cricket.html http://androidforums.com/cricket/232152-flashing-phone-verizon-cricket.html hope that helps !
i would suggest asking the seller which android os version the rom they flashed is based on .
there is no reason a class 10 card would not work . the card being faster should not break anything . i can find no evidence that the acer liquid metal detects and behaves badly with a fast card , or does not use the sd card specifications properly , or anything like that .
if it is done like on the galaxy nexus , just open the folder , tap the text Unnamed folder and write your own label : )
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
use a usb 2.0 port . sometimes usb 3.0 screws up with adb
couple of suggestinos that might work : first , try to update your android sdk with the android sdk manager . sometimes , due to a old version , newer phones are not recognized . i am assuming you are using windows . wich version ? x86 or x64 ? when you go to device manager and see Android Phone &gt; Android Composite ADB Interface , does it have a yellow admiration mark ? if yes , the the drivers are not installed correctly . this might be a bit trivial , but have you tryed to reboot your pc and your phone ? also , what minsdk version do you have in your application set , and what version does your nexus 4 have ?
it could be that mtp interferes with adb/usb-debugging : in my case , mtp ( media transfer protocol ) was enabled . so i disabled it in storage settings ( see : settings→connections→usb connection mode ) . everything works smooth now .
take a look at this article . i think what you are looking for is " restrict background data . " keep the tethering app in the foreground and every other app will be starved of connectivity . restrict background data : this option prevents all apps and services from using data in the background . apps that depend on background data won’t work how you’d expect them to – for example , gmail won’t automatically download new messages in the background if you enable this option . http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/why-you-dont-need-third-party-apps-to-manage-background-data-use-in-android-jelly-bean/
try android firewall from the play store . you could create a " white list " that starts off with denying all network activity for all apps , to which you had then allow just your tethering to go through . then , when you want everything to go through again , just disable the firewall . . . or better yet create another white list that you can switch to .
short answer : it depends . long answer : android developers have the ability to specify requirements for their apps both in terms of software ( minimum os version , for example ) and hardware . for example , an app that does turn-by-turn navigation may require the android device it is being installed on to have built-in gps . such an app would be listed as " incompatible " with any tablet that does not have a gps chip ( the tablet reports its hardware features to the play store ) . the same is true for a reverse situation , where an app that requires a minimum screen resolution may work fine on a tablet , but show as incompatible for phones that are below that limit . another example is google tv . since none of the current models have touch-screen support , any apps that require this feature would be listed as not compatible on the play store . these limitations are only being enforced by the google 's play store . this means that if you manage to side-load the app 's apk file , it may work just fine on any device . however , the lack of minimum requirements will mean that the app will be unstable .
i faced similar problem until recently i found the fix . i use vodafone 3g pack . if you are an android user , check the network and settings -> Access Point names in that check if apn is set to vodafone live . if yes , change it to default settings and it should be changed to vodafone mobile connect . also , then check the value of mcc and mnc . it should be as per country code and mobile operator . i didnt understand , why this changed on its own , but after making this change and rebooting phone , it worked for me . i hope this works for you too . .
i also had the same issue . incase you are on vodafone network , try and select vodafone gprs as ur default settings . it worked for me the same way . hope this suggestion helps
as i wrote in my comment , there are some special characters needing extra care when working at the shell prompt ( or in shell scripts ) . one of them is the $ sign , which usually indicates a variable . if that should be taken literally , you need to escape it ( or enclose the entire string by single quotes ) . similar rules for quotation marks . how your command should look like with an escaped $ , you can already find in eldarerathis ' answer : shell@android:/ # am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity  note the " back-slash " in front of the $ -- that is the escape sign . use the same for quotation marks or blanks , if your command includes some to be taken literally , e.g. myscript.sh first\ parameter\! myscript.sh "first parameter!"  both would do the same : making the string a single parameter . in the example of your am start command , this is what happened on parsing : command : am parameter 1: start parameter 2: -S parameter 3: com.android.settings/.Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity has a $ , interpreting : variable $PowerUsageSummaryActivity is not set , so empty conclusion : parameter 3 is com.android.settings/.Settings note also that if you run this directly via adb shell , the command goes through shell parsing twice , so you need to escape or quote the command again , like this : user@desktop:~$ adb shell am start -n 'com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity' 
escape the $ in the sub-class name and it should work : another option is to instead send the intent that the power usage screen listens for : shell@android:/ # am start -a android.intent.action.POWER_USAGE_SUMMARY  you can find the intents by looking at the &lt;action&gt; tags in the androidmanifest . xml file for the settings " application " ( which can be viewed on github ) . as an example , here is the activity definition for the Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity:
android has a " defaults"-system for handling predefined requests such as opening a url or pressing the home button . if you go into android 's System Settings -> Apps -> Android Download Manager and scroll down to " launch by default " , you should see a button to clear the defaults . the next time you open your chrome browser and tap on a url that has the &lt;a download=""&gt; property , a screen should pop up , asking you to choose which application to use for downloading .
hey tolomea . i could not find a widget that could do all that but i did find this app that can . world watch is an advanced world clock for an editable list of locations around the world . includes sunrise , sunset , dawn and dusk times for the current or a given calendar date . also includes weather conditions and a 4-day forecast . i have not used it since it is a paid app but looking at the description and the screenshots it looks like it can do everything you have asked for . i do not believe it is a widget but having a single icon on your home screen to launch it would be just as easy as having widgets . world watch
i am favoriting this question . i just installed diviclock widget this morning--http://www.appbrain.com/app/diviclock/divi.clock. it does not tick all of your boxes , but it has a 1x1 widget option ( which i wanted and saves a great deal of space ) plus the date ( also something i wanted ) , and you can have multiple instances for your different time zones .
a2dp ( media profile ) is a protocol for high-quality unidirectional audio over bluetooth . hsp ( phone profile ) is a protocol for bidirectional lagless communication ( audio ) over bluetooth . a modern headset typically supports both . a2dp is meant to play ( stereo ) music . in android , whatever the system considers as ' media ' ( you can find this terminology in the volume settings ) , will be using a2dp . whatever is voice ( 'ringtone' ) , will be played over hsp . i suppose all that likely will be is a phone call . the reason for this choice is that voice in a phone call is bidirectional and you do not want any delays on the line . hence the lower ( and mono ) quality of hsp . in voice , quality is of less importance . however , the voice directions ( which is not the same as ' voice' ) of your gps are not a call , they are not bidirectional and delay does not matter , and they are played as ' media ' in the system . therefore they will be played using a2dp , or when you disable the ' media ' profile in your bluetooth settings , over the speaker . in summary , check your volume controls , they work similarly and will hint you what is what . it is currently not possible to choose where audio is being sent , neither is that intended in both the design of bluetooth or of any os for the above reasons .
there is a bluetooth app that allows you to listen to music over the hsp profile called btmono . it may accomplish what you are looking to do .
i have an app named soundabout that will also do this . the pro version has a media audio option called " bluetooth mono " . it will do allow sending media to a bluetooth mono headset . it will do a whole host of other audio routing as well .
this is bit long , round about and bit approximate way . other than this method , i do not know any other way . in google maps , press menu , goto settings-> about-> map centre . the value showed as map center is the coordinate of the place at the centre of the screen . so , you may have to align the starred place to centre of the screen and do this sequence to get it is coordinates . this will only be as accurate as you can position the starred place at the centre . the accuracy can be improved by zooming in . it will be nice if somebody comes up with a better idea .
you can use google translate app , you can take photos which contain texts using the app and it'll detect it and translate it .
although the google translate app should take care of you in some cases , it does not always function properly in china . straight text conversion ( not images ) tends to work in most cases for me , but when i use the updated app and attempt to use local images or ones that i take at the time of translation ( two options ) it tends to give out a server error . of course , there is also the option to " write " it in yourself now so maybe you would be willing to give that a shot too .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
as dan suggested , you could simply remove the ap from your list of known networks . your device then would find it again , no problem – but it would no longer auto-connect to it until you do so once manually . and the latter point might be a little troublesome , in case you need that ap " from time to time " – as then you had also need to remove it manually each time you have used it . so if the latter is the case , you might wish to take a look at e.g. open wifi cleaner : removes open wifi networks from the saved networks list after disconnecting . notification reminders on connection/disconnection whitelist of open networks to keep settings saved using google android backup service with that app in use , and the ap in question not whitelisted , it would automatically be removed from your list of known networks whenever you decided to manually connect to it . simply whitelist other possible open aps you want to auto-connect to , so they would not be affected . another app with comparable functionality is wifi ap whitelist .
simply rooting your device will not cause ota updates to fail . changing any system files such as the kernel or installing the xposed framework will cause the update to fail as it will not be able to verify the files . i have rooted my nexus 5 and the 4.4 -> 4.4.1 update applied successfully . i did have to re-root though , which simply required re-flashing the superuser . zip .
if you root the device on the stock rom , it will still offer to do ota updates , but they will not work . ota updates only apply to a completely clean system image that has not been rooted . to apply an upgrade to your rooted device , you have to download the rom image from the official google site and follow the instructions there to flash it .
in case you decide to root the phone ( you can only root it temporarily to install the certificates , it does not need to remain rooted ) , you can upload the certificates into a directory and the next reboot they will be validated : adb shell mount -o remount,rw /system adb push 1dbdda5d.0 /system/etc/security/cacerts/  where 1dbdda5d.0 is your certificate to be trusted .
there is no way i know of which will achieve this . i have been looking for a way of doing the same thing for a while now , as my work requires me to use a ca , but have found nothing after a lot of looking . if you were rooted then it might be possible , but without root i am afraid you are going to have to just deal with it . sorry !
there is a way . just install your certificate the usual way and set " patterns " as lock screen to do so . lock the screen . fail on the patterns 5 times , then click on " forgot pattern " in the lower right corner , login with your google account and voilà . . . the lock screen is reset to " none " and certificates are still there . just tested it on galaxy note n7000 with 4.1.2
i have written an article on creating and installing cacert certificates as android system certificates ( android > =4.2 ) , thus allowing you to use your device without lockscreen : http://wiki.pcprobleemloos.nl/android/cacert main part of my article : copy the files 5ed36f99.0 and e5662767.0 to /system/etc/security/cacerts/ ( and chmod 644 them ) , reboot and it should work . check settings -> security -> certificates , it should list both " cacert inc . " and " root ca " . note that some browsers might use their own certificate store instead of the android one . the android security model explicitly forces you to have a lockscreen whenever a non-system ( user ) certificate is installed . there is no configuration option around this . you can either replace your stock android version with one which has removed this requirement ( i do not think that any exist , but you could theoretically create your own ) . the other option is using ( temporary ) root access for installing this certificate , and then ' unrooting ' it , although that sounds a bit silly .
is adb hung or just inconsiderate in reporting on what it is doing ? i came here with a similar question ; on win7 adb backup -apk -shared -all -nosystem -f path\to\backup_file.ab the nexus 5 reported " com . stuff . foo . com . stuff . bar " . . . for awhile and then stopped for a very long time , 20+ minutes , on " shared storage " . jacking up the confusion and anxiety level , after i picked up the phone when the screen blanked , the display auto-rotated , and then from that point did not show any status messages at all . on the pc side , the console never reported anything other than the initial unlock device message . what kept me hanging in was that the backup_file . ab was created , the time-stamp continued to match current time within a minute or so , and the file size was multi-gb and kept increasing slowly -- albeit in fits and starts -- one pause was about 10 minutes ( ! ) , and then jumped by 0.5gb in a single shot . after more than an hour the phone the backup/encryption password screen closed of it is own accord , and the pc console prompt became active again . neither one exited with a message to indicate whether they had finished successfully or in an error state . final . ab file is just under 8gb . nexus > settings > storage reports 12.55gb total space and 500mb free . i think perhaps you just did not wait long enough ( understandable given the lack of feedback ! ) and that perhaps linux spawns adb as a background process ? ( thus the return to prompt ) .
had the same problem with my kids profile . finally solved , but it required root grants ! this is what i did : close all running [ app ] instances . from command prompt start adb shell : c:> adb shell switch to root user ( your device must be rooted ) : shell> su go to in target profile directory : root> cd /data/user/ [ profile_user_id ] for example : profile_user_id==10 for first restricted profile . rename directory ( to have a back up copy ) root> mv [ app_dir ] [ app_dir ] . old copy app data from main profile ( id=0 ) to new profile : root> cp -r /data/user/0/ [ app_dir ] . change owner for files just copied : root> find [ app_dir ] | xargs chown [ app_user ] : [ app_group ] restart device ( not sure if it is really needed ) . hope this helps .
it is not hardware or even firmware . it is part-and-parcel of google play services , which is what google is using to try to free android users from the tyranny of oems and mobile carriers which do not provide timely os updates ( if at all ) . it is not quite an app , although it installs like one . it is a framework upon which other apps and services can be built . since google play services is needed by so many of google 's apps ( plus others , such as twitter ) if you have updated any of your apps in the last six months or so you have probably already got it .
in Settings -&gt; Applications , in the permissions section , tap on Show All and under Network Communication there should be Receive data from internet if the application has requested push ( gcm ) permission . tested on 4.1.2 , labels and positions may differ .
you could try greenify . it is an app for hibernating apps so that they do not take up a lot of resources ; thus , improving battery life . however , it also lists apps in a way that lets you see which ones support gcm .
these apps are not hidden . they were not meant to be launched . the example you mention - phase beam - is a live wallpaper . to use it long-press on your homescreen and select live wallpaper . there're many others that can not be accessed by the end user . they are meant to be used by another . usually to provide a feature in a plugin form .
the minimalistic text widget app allows you to launch any activity ( android speak for program ui module ) when you press it . within the settings for the widget you can get to a list of all activities in the system .
you do not need to root your phone in order to use a custom recovery like twrp or clockworkmod . it will only root your phone if you use it to . . . flash a rooted image flash a su binary restore a rooted backup it is common for recoveries to offer to root when you restart , but you can just say " no " if you do not want to root .
the htmlviewer mentioned does not like spaces in the file name . rename the file with underscore or throw them out .
this is standard behaviour , however i think it may have been different in older versions of android/different rom 's . on all the apps on my device that use expanded notifications , only one seems to be expanded by default . there is ( most likely ) an option for developers to make it expanded by default , and this may have been recently disabled in the gmail application . as this is done at a program level , there would be no way to change it .
you are correct that app piracy in android is a problem , and it is a reason a lot of app developers have gone for a more in app purchase model , rather than selling their apps on the play market . you are also correct in your method - ripping an apk file off a rooted phone is trivial . google have recognised this and responded by added app encryption which will be available for any devices running jelly bean and over : app encryption starting with android 4.1 , google play will help protect application assets by encrypting all paid apps with a device-specific key before they are delivered and stored on a device . http://developer.android.com/about/versions/jelly-bean.html this means that each app will only be accessible by that device , so the work around you mentioned will not work . i am unsure about how this will affect devices running any os before gingerbread .
in addition to martyn 's answer on encryption . this might be a bit on the developer side , however , google offers application licensing : with google play licensing , your application can query google play at run time to obtain the licensing status for the current user , then allow or disallow further use as appropriate .
afaik the stock messages app always sends a sms unless you have added an attachment ( picture , video , audio ) , or if you are typing a very long message ( the latter depending on your settings ) . if there is an attachment the message will show the number of used kb instead of the number of remaining characters . that being said , you should check if the message centre number in your sms settings is correct . to check start the messages app , click Menu &gt; Setting , scroll down to the SMS Settings section . also on the same screen there is a setting that may convert long text messages automatically to mms , so you might want to turn that off .
based on the comments , this looks like a hardware issue , and not a software/android issue . i would suggest sending it to a service center for repair .
yes and no . you can issue intents with adb but that is it . so the steps you described can not be achieved with adb . edit : ce4 showed a blog post which mentions the input binary which is able to simulate key events . adb shell input keyevent &lt;keycode&gt; 
ics and evernote both support " copy " functionality . highlight the text you want and then press the icon that looks like two overlapping pieces of paper ( circled in red ) : if this is missing then you may wan to provide a screenshot of what you see . although it is possible motorola removed the " copy " functionality from the system , i would find it somewhat unlikely ( and this forum post seems to indicate it does exist ) . also , the grid icon on the far left ( circled in blue ) is " select all " .
this is the download firmware mode . it can be used to upgrade official firmware via samsung 's own odin software ( or the 3rd party heimdall ( also here ) ) . it is also used to install a custom aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod . actually it allows more but installing firmware is the most common use .
i could not find a way to do it or an app that would do it . there were a couple out there that claimed to have manual focus but basically just did what you described as " assisted auto focus . " i found this thread at xda where some people have been looking through the code to find a way to add the manual focus . from what they found it appears that it is possible but someone has to code it . its worth keeping an eye on it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630989
yes , it works on droid x on verizon ( although the app might have unrelated issues ) : http://androidforums.com/1208709-post1.html
it does not apply to google maps navigation afaik but you should ask this specific question to your local verizon dealer . for instance , i use google maps navigation on my htc droid incredible and a friend uses it on the motorola droid , each with verizon ( but again , be sure to ask before you buy the phone ) .
i had a droid 1 for about a year . google maps works great . recently switched it out for a samsung fascinate . the fascinate comes with verizon navigator pre-loaded . but i downloaded and installed the google maps without any issues . i do not pay for the verizon navigator application at the additional $10.00 a month . i also have used titaniumbackup to " freeze " lots of the preloaded programs from verizon . have had zero issues with doing that . the fascinate had an issue with the gps taking a while to lock on , but it has recently been addressed in a software update . using google maps and navigation is something that i use daily .
for completeness , my at and t sgs3 with android 4.3 has another way to do this : under the Settings app , on the My Device tab , there is a section for Voice Control . if Incoming Calls is checked , then you can answer calls with the voice command " answer " when the phone is ringing . answering a call with the voice command will automaticallly turn on the speaker .
i have not tested this , but tasker should be able to do this . create an event " phone ringing " profile to perform the " speakerphone " task ( which you configure to turn the speakerphone on ) . this can be configured to only activate for certain callers if necessary .
some androids have a car mode ( often branded by manufacturer ) in which you can say it will be auto-answered when ringing and the call will go over speaker . if your device does not have a car mode or it does not work for you , you can try one of the many apps available which can handle this function for you : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=auto%20answer%20callsc=apps ( first app seems simple and serving your described needs , but i would always recommend to check out a few ) .
the odin-able kernels for my galaxy s are simply the zimage in a . tar file . but the zimage has a peculiar format , and i believe it is specific to samsung devices . i would assume that either the kernel you have compiled is the wrong format , or simply does not work and the system is restoring the stock kernel from the recovery image .
fastboot boot zImage  is for testing purpose only . it will boot your phone to the kernel for only once . the next time you boot your phone , it will use the original kernel .
when the market re-upates itself . goto : settings > applications > manage applications > market and select ' clear cache ' now go back into the market and re-signin with your market account . see if this helps .
i think you cannot do it yet because the drivers do not support it . you can record audio on its own , though . usb audio recorder pro from the google play store may work for this purpose . if you search for it , the description contains a link that will allow you to download a demo version for testing . it definitely works with the blue yeti on nexus 7 as reported by the developer , and a number of other devices . note that it has to be usb audio recorder pro by extream software development ( to which i am not affiliated ) , and not usb audio recorder which is a different product . whereas this is not a full answer to your question , i hope it helps .
odin mode is run in a very very early stage of phone boot - that is why you do not see the phone logo when entering odin mode . the virus ( if it really is the problem ) will not have a chance to execute its malicious code because the bootloader is not even running in odin mode . so yes , you can safely kies your way back to working condition , but sometimes you should use the specially created odin program ( google it , i can not give links right now as i am on a slow connection ) to flash the firmware by yourself if kies does not feel like working . just note that either way , you will have to download 1+ gb of firmware .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
many usb ports on computers do not have power sufficient to charge a phone battery . does the phone charge with the plug-in type supplied with it ? some computers will advertise a charging usb port . the default current ( amps ) is 1/2 a or 500ma in a standard usb connector . it is not uncommon for tablets to require 2 amps .
i used touchdown ( 30-day trial , $19.99 ) before android had built in exchange and was very happy with it . i am now using the native client without many problems ( i am not very demanding of it ) , but i have heard many people mention that it is still worth buying over the native client because of the more advanced feature set . with the 30-day trial , no reason not to give it a try .
you should already have it pre-installed and enabled on your phone . try saying " ok , google " from the home screen . the steps here should give you an idea of how to enable it if it does not work .
i recommend using the android emulator if you want to experiment with android without buying a device . liveandroid is not supported by google and it has not been updated in quite a while . it could be that your video card is not supported . i would also recommend using vmware player instead of virtualbox if you really want to use liveandroid .
in the twitter app . . . tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose " settings " tap the account ( your username , not general ) you want to change under " notification indicators " tap " ringtone " choose the ringtone you want to use for twitter notifications for this account
those battery saver apps probably work by killing tasks , lowering brightness , disabling data or internet connection , and several other things . those little things will definitely save battery one way or another . why does not android do it by default ? i do not know ; you had have to ask the android developers that . if android did what battery saver apps do , they had be limiting android . who wants their screens to always be in low brightness ? or their internet connection off when not in use ? those things are probably better off for people to decide , and battery apps ( and other relatated apps or utilities ) will help them do that . see also this post on improving battery life : what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
battery saver apps are useless . you can save battery life by manually reducing brightness , screen time out , back light duration or turning off the data , gps , wi fi , blue tooth , etc from settings . there is no need for an app to do it . these apps actually take more power out of your device . so i think android does not need a battery saving app .
yeah the battery saving apps do work and i have personally used many of them just to check . here is a great list of some of the best battery saver apps to get you started . http://www.technologyvenue.com/best-battery-saving-apps-for-android-phones-and-tablets/
i assume you are talking about removing icons from one of the home screens on your phone ? if you long press on the home screen , or press Menu -&gt; Add to Home you can select from various options to re-add items to the home screen . i suspect the icons you are talking about would be under Widget . a little more information about your phone would help people to identify exactly which widgets you are talking about , and where to find them on your phone . for example , if your phone is an htc and is running the default os you can find all sorts of widgets for wi-fi , gprs , gps etc in Menu -&gt; Add to Home -&gt; Widget -&gt; Settings , or the ' power control ' widget can also control many of these functions .
check your system configuration if it is 32-bit or 64-bit processor . download android sdk ( 32-bit or 64-bit ) and install it . also download eclipse ( 32-bit or 64-bit ) and install it .
the market on the emulator is a special case . it is also recommended you use a google account i.e. you are using username@hotmail . com change to use username@google . com to reset the account associated with the phone , either clear all google app 's cache or do a factory reset . as you are on an emulator just delete that one and create a new one .
i am afraid there is not really a " one-stop solution " . as you already noticed , all the different backup types have different goals , all of them have their pros and cons ( see also our backup tag-wiki for an overview ) : while a nandroid backup covers the entire system at partition-level , it is not the easiest when you want to only restore parts . on its own , it is an all-or-nothing . luckily , there are other tools which can deal with those backup files : you can restore single apps with titanium backup , and even read single files from them ( see : how do i view/mount nandroid file on device ? ) . titanium backup covers almost everything on an app-and-settings level , and can read from nandroid backup files -- but it cannot create a full nandroid backup . also , restore between different roms can be a little tricky ( but that applies to all solutions ) , at least when it comes to system files . still , it does a good job even then when using its " migration mode " adb backup is a good thing , but only available with android 4.0 upwards and also restricted to " apps and settings " . additionally , it requires a computer to attach the device to for backup/restore . the latter can be avoided using apps like helium - app sync and backup , which run directly on the device and use adb as backend . i found the best solution on rooted devices is a combination of nandroid ( offered e.g. by clockworkmod recovery ) and titanium . for non-rooted devices , choices are rare : neither of the two are available there , which leaves the user with adb backup as the only half-way complete solution .
alright , i have managed to solve the problem by looking at some xda forums . basically summarized here : - go into the wifi settings . long press a remembered wifi . select forget all networks . you might need to do it a few times . press the leftmost button ( the one with literally four squares ) to bring up a bottom menu . touch scan . voila ! wifi working again ! the only drawback is that you need to grab passwords for each one of them again . :- (
take backup reboot in cwm recovery -format cache -format data -format system -wipe dalvik cache -reflash rom in that development site they must have mentioned extra files to flash . do that too .
there are many people facing similar problem here , http://community.htc.com/na/htc-forums/android/f/107/t/12961.aspx?pageindex=3 the solutions they came up with was : use handcent sms app instead of stock sms app keep low number of messages in inbox delete read message waiting for gingerbread update which will fix it if i were you i would choose number 1 .
about your concerns : connection on air there is nothing that a log out at the end of every session would improve . if you do not use the email client , it will not transfer any data . and if you use it , it will query the server for new email etc . if the client would perform a log out at the end of every use , it just had establish a new connection again . conclusion : data related to the e-mail connection will be the same time on air if you do not use log out as when your e-mail client would log out every time . no gain here . just make sure that you have enabled a secure encryption . bandwidth you are right , that polling is the worst thing that could happen . but not from a bandwidth perspective . polling is just a quick packet asking " is there something new " and the server replying " no " or " yes and here is the data " . the data would be send later on anyways , so no big bandwidth consumption . it is more the battery life that should concern you , when you have a polling e-mail client on android . that said , trust the google engineers to build a e-mail app that tries everything to reduce battery consumption . if you use gmail you are safe , because the email app will use push notifications for new e-mails . if you use an imap account it depends on the server if it support the imap idle extension . if you use pop3 you are doomed , because it is a plain polling protocol .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
root only solution : you can use an app called buttonremapper to remap any of your buttons to a number of functions . i used this to remap my camera button to be a play/pause button ( but when i was in the camera app it still took pictures ) . unfortunately you have to have a rooted device to use this .
i do not know of a player offering such functionality , but a workaround may be to use something like widgetlocker to put the music player widget controls ( almost all players have a widget nowadays ) on your lockscreen . then , switching off and on your device 's screen should present you with the widget . alternatively you could just press the home button to get to your home screen where the widget is placed and play/pause . update : i came across quickdesk which allows you to put widgets into a screen overlay . this might help in your situation .
the ( samsung modified ) default music player app on the galaxy s puts the player controls in the notification shade ( the pull-down part of the notification bar ) while the music player is playing in the background . this lets you play , pause , next track , previous track while you are in another app . does not the default android player do this ? screenshot of the player controls with the notification bar pulled down :
you could try ttpod to play the audio , if you enable lyrics they overlay any other app and if you touch on the lyrics it appears the play/pause and rev/fwd controls . if the file you are playing has no lyrics as will be the case , it shows only some text in chinese over any other app . i use it to control music as i use the gps on the car . in case your tablet has proximity sensor you could try " wave control " .
in case your tablet has proximity sensor you could try wave control .
toggling " sync " on/off does what i need - blocks email update ( even pushed updates ) yet still allows in my sms for emergencies to get through .
you mean that you want to see the content/folders of the internal memory let me say : yes it is possible . and that , being said , you cannot see all the data in your android phone . how is it possible ? it is a lengthy process tough . download eclipse+ android sdk from here . install and configure remaining packages by referring from here . enable usb debugging of your android phone/tablet : [ as in android 2.3 gingerbread ] Your Home Screen-&gt;Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Application Settings-&gt;Development-&gt;USB Debugging.  simply connect the phone to the data cable and the data cable to your pc . on among the top panels of the eclipse ide , you shall see ddms . click it and it shall show some tabs above . select to enable " file explorer " . . . all the nodes shown below are your internal memory files/ folders , but with some root limitations . in case your device is not shown in file explorer . navigate to= Drive:\ANY_FOLDER\adt-bundle-windows-x86\sdk\platform-tools\abd.exe using command prompt . enter : adb devices -l now you shall see the response as : List of devices attached Samsung Galaxy Ace device  if you see it : go to ddms tab in eclipse ide . the folders are shown . if you cannot : then thats all what is possible and you have to suffice your curiosity till this point ! and the only alternative remains is rooting the device which can dangerous .
i am sure this is not exactly the answer you are looking for , but this could solve your problem : if your nexus works fine otherwise , why do not you just plug a mouse and keyboard ( via usb otg or bluetooth ) and pretend your nexus does not have touch screen ? anything , including allowing usb debugging would work as the mouse cursor is even usable when your phone is locked .
from the devices page , it does not seem like your phone is officially supported - http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices . as an alternative , see http://www.madteam.co/forum/development/%28development%29-cyanogenmod-7-1-%27galaxy5%27-port/ if you do manage to flash a custom rom , you can change back provided you use the roms supplied by http://samfirmware.com - not official , just a repository of original factory roms .
i like using rom manager for cm . if it is supported on your phone it will come up in the custom rom downloads list . however if you want a different rom , rom manager is not an all inclusive list , it just grabs the most popular , so do not treat this as the only place to go . cm is popular enough that it will be in the downloads list if it is supported by your phone , so if it is not there yet , just wait until it is . rom manager also allows you to back up your current rom ( i am not sure if you need root permissions , but if you are flashing a new rom you will have them ) , so just back up the factory rom using this app and if you ever need it just boot up into recovery and restore the rom .
a quick search brought up this article at http://blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-edit-video-with-movie-studio-on-your-android-tablet . while i do not have a tablet , i have played with movie studio before , and it looks like all you have to do is tap the timeline at the bottom of your clip , and drag the arrows that appear on its edges to trim it . this only trims the edges off , so if you want to take a part out of the middle , i would re-add the clip ( so you have two copies of it in your timeline ) , and then drag the arrows on the ends of the copy so you only have the part you want , without getting rid of the beginning of the clip from the original .
yes , an application can lead to a phone reboot , usually by combining a badly designed application and a bug in the framework . exemple : an application that registers an Account but no ContentHandler issue 5009
yes apps can reboot if giver permission , search for " public void reboot " on http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/powermanager.html
an app can certainly deliberately reboot the phone , depending on the permissions for the app in question and whether it has root privileges . an app can also force you phone to reboot if it bombs out and takes android down with it , particularly apps that interact with phone functionality ( volume adjustors , automatic task killers - which are a bad idea in general , location aware apps , etc ) if an app has the right permissions this can happen quite easily . so to sum up , yes , it is quite possible that an app could be causing the system to die and your phone to reboot . if you want to troubleshoot , you can use titanium backup to freeze one app at a time to see if that alleviates the issue , or you can just uninstall and then reinstall later on .
no . a quote from http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1663755 : note that this is the same pin or password that you use to unlock your phone without encryption , and cannot be set independently . edit : i found this on xda , but i think it might be risky and not worth the effort . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1680857
encpasschanger claims to do this , have not tested it though .
yes , you are able to set a different password for device encryption to the one you choose for screen unlock .
the encryption password does not have the be the same as the screen unlock pin . in fact , you can encrypt your device with a password without having any screen locking password/pin at all . ( this was initially the case with my newly installed device ) . if you think of a possible secure implementation it makes sense . the encryption passphrase is not directly used to encrypt your data . first , a key derivation function is applied to the passphrase . the resulting key is then used to encrypt the master key . ( this master key is used for disk encryption . ) changing the master key is not possible without re-encrypting all data which takes quite some time . what is possible , and much faster , is changing the passphrase that protects the master key . unlike the gplv2-licensed luks software , you can only specify one passphrase . requirements : superuser privileges . either a terminal application on your device or a computer which has adb . a good passphrase . instructions : enter the shell . this can be done by opening the terminal app or by running adb shell on your computer . ( see also 2 ) obtain root privileges by running su assuming your password to be Give Mom batteries , execute the following command : vdc cryptfs changepw 'Give Mom batteries'  if you have chose exotic characters for your passphrase , be sure to properly escape those . the passphrase has immediately changed , replacing the old one . you can reboot to check it yourself . i found these arguments by looking in the source code of vold , in particular commandlistener . cpp . this command has always been available since the introduction of disk encryption in ics :
found this on the dell forums : my dell streak gorilla glass broke today . . . i was coming back from eating dinner with the family and walking up the stairs the dell streak fell out of my jacket pocket . . . . and bam crash boom . . it has all types of cracks and glass pieces all over the place . . . solution . . . . i immediately called dell customer care to see what my options where and the csr . . . was just great . she went out of her way to take care of all my issues and she did . . . before i knew it she had ask for my service tag on my streak . . . and some personal info and the next thing you knew it was getting a email confirming that my new dell streak was on the way . . . . ups tracking # i was amazed . . . . how quick it was being resolved . . . . thank you dell you can also probably get replacement screens off ebay , and i am sure there are youtube video tutorials on how to replace the screen .
i would assume the gorilla glass is not broken , just the underlying lcd display , but i would definitely argue that it should have provided more protection if i were trying to get a warranty claim fulfilled . i would also assume the screen is replaceable , most are ; talk to your carrier though ( not sure if they will route you to dell ) .
it should be located at /data/app/ . you can access that directly if you have root . if not , you will have to use adb pull . for example : adb pull /data/app/myapp . apk c:\backup\myapp . apk more info on adb : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html
if you know the installed file name of the apk ( which on some devices may be myapp-1 . apk or myapp-2 . apk rather than just myapp . apk ) you can directly access that as an ordinary user including the one adb runs as on a secured device , so you should be able to adb pull it . but if you do not know the installed apk name , you cannot browse the /data/app directory without being root or aid_system . it might be worth just guessing at the installed name - try it plain , try it with the -1 . apk , and the -2 . apk , etc . there may be another way : i believe the following will work on a secured device but do not have one in front of me at the moment to test it . edit : new idea for determining exact apk file name 1 ) adb pull /data/system/packages . xml 2 ) look through it for your application 's codepath entry 3 ) adb pull that edit : with regard to the old idea below , matthew discovered that while the per-process files under /proc have read permission on a secured device , they are empty when read by an unprivileged uid other than that of their owner . so this will not work . 1 ) get your app running . you will also need a machine with adb . 2 ) type adb shell ps  and look for the line with your app 's name : app_1 11959 907 112984 27580 ffffffff afd0c5bc S com.clevername.myapp  3 ) take the number in the second column which is the process id , and view it is virtual memory map , in this case i would type adb shell cat /proc/11959/maps  and look for a line where it has mapped its own apk file into memory 43e9c000-43ea3000 r--s 001f4000 b3:06 15393 /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk  4 ) that is the file name you would need to adb pull adb pull /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk .  examination of the directory permissions in /proc suggests this should work for an unprivileged user , my apologies if it does not . if you are familiar with the usage of ' grep ' you can use that to avoid manually scanning the output . addendum : i am not really sure what the story on apps installed to the sd card is .
the problem is not really cm7 's fault . it sounds like you have an issue with the proximity sensor on the device . the screen should go black when you put the phone up to your ear . searching , i have found that this seems to be a common problem with the desire hd . you could try some things like recalibrating the sensor .
in your notification shader , look for the " blocking mode " icon , tap and hold it . you can activate the blocking mode there , pick a time frame for when it is active ( e . g . 10pm - 8 am ) and select what should be disabled from incoming calls , notifications , alarms and the led indicator . you can also allow only calls from certain contacts to go through to you , which can be helpful for emergency situations .
try the profile settings . he probably has set a " night"-profile which turns down the volume and activates the plane-mode . the profile settings can be found in the normal settings of your phone .
i think it depends on the pdf , if it is searchable or not , for ezpdf does have a search function that highlight the searched text , as you can see in the image below : screenshot ( click image for larger variant ) and there are many other applications that can highlight a searched text in pdf , like adobe reader , moonreader+ , quickoffice , etc .
you need to make sure to ask the right questions . here are a few calender ( remind me of the meeting coming friday ) or ( set a reminder this friday ) alarm ( set alarm at 540 am ) call someone ( can you please call bob ) text someone ( send a text to bob ) search nearby ( find me a nearby coffee shop ) play music ( play the song rolling in the deep ) ask movie reviews ( should i watch the movie mission impossible ) watch videos ( show me a video of cat singing ) find news ( what is the news about sopa ) these are just a couple of the commands available .
from what i have seen , iris is not supposed to be a competitor for siri , but rather just a ( mostly ) joke app that just tries to replicate some of siri 's snarkiness . it is for laughs , not productivity . if you do want to be productive with voice commands , there are some options . vlingo and speaktoit assistant spring immediately to mind . there are others . this might be helpful : lifehacker : how to get a personal assistant like siri on your android phone for free
unfortunately for us ( not so much for manufacturers and carriers , ) gingerbread closed the exploits that were previously being used to gain root privileges on older android os versions . this means that tools like superoneclick and similar will no longer work . the only way to get root on samsung devices with gingerbread is to flash a pre-rooted image onto the phone with a tool like odin or heimdal . forums like xda-developers and rootzwiki contain detailed instructions for flashing such an image ( kernel only , full stock system , or a completely custom rom . )
settings> security> device administrators and you disables all administrators
this turned out to be a red herring for me . i just had to enter my password one last time to get rid of the lock screen . i had not pushed on an unlocked door . so go to settings-> security-> lock screen enter password
there is indeed a way to remove the lock screen while keeping the certificate : set a pattern lock and try to unlock the phone with a " bad pattern " for 5-10 times , it will show you an error message , now select " forgot pattern ? " and enter your gmail/password . after these steps the screen lock will be removed without removing the certificate . "
go to settings and go to more , which is below data usage option . then go to vpn and delete all vpns ( jus clear it all ) . it is that which is blocking that screen lock setting .
just delete all vpn profile . . it should fix ur problem
i just had that same issue today . go to Settings , and make sure you have removed foxfi as an administrator . go to Trusted credentials &gt; User &gt; and remove Foxfi . then go back into Settings &gt; Security &gt; and Clear credentials . it'll let you change the lock code then ! : )
same thing happened to me . all you have to do is go to " security " then go all the way down to " credential storage " then clear all credentials . than you can go back and it is all done .
you should be able to turn off the lock screen security somewhere in settings> security> screen lock and then change it to none or just a simple slide to unlock or whatever you want . this is how you get to it on my s3 , but yours should be similar no matter what phone you have . to fix your other issue , also in the security tab on my phone , there should be a tab called " device administrators . " when you go into this tab , it allows you to check and uncheck which apps have access . if you uncheck the app that is preventing you from changing this , it might solve your problem .
there is a simple solution to this one . first of all change password lock to pattern lock . then enter wrong pattern 5 times . you will see forgot password . click that and enter account details . then a screen will appear saying to change the lock type . simply hit the back button and it will be automatically set to none .
resolved solution , please check the below thread : http://control-search.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=1
to my knowledge , the motorola xoom does support the usb to ethernet adapter solution , but i do not know of any others . even the xoom however requires some serious work , and you will need one of two custom kernels for the xoom as well as an adapter based on a particular chipset . for more information , check out this xda article and the threads it links to .
the most easy way to use lan to your android device is to connect your lan cable to a portable wireless router ( about us$20 in ebay ) then you can use wifi service from your lan cable .
i am using a toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . i know . . . i have got a $70,000usd contract hinging on solving the ethernet connection problem and it is getting frustrating . i have got google people telling me it is in there , but i can not find api 's or examples . supposedly google 's working on it .
looks like ' no ' , with some xda-developers work . if you want to connect to a lan , why not go with an access point the size of a deck of cards ? if you want extra security , you might turn off your wifi router 's beacon , use wpa2 without wps , and turn on its mac address filtering . your device will connect without the beacon if you ' add network ' .
install go sms pro and use its Mark all read option ( its in More tab of options menu ) . as data container of text messages are shared between apps , changes will be reflected in stock messaging app too .
ChompSMS has a " mark all as read " option
i can tell from my own experience . my father 's renault scenic got a integrated bluetooth module built in . i could successfully pair an iphone and control the music through the car 's radio controls . i think the radio 's display even showed the track title . with my new xperia mini pro i can also successfully pair with the radio but it is not possible to control the the music tracks through the radio 's controls . also the track names do not display . i need manually select the music track on the phone .
if the car unit support the a2dp and avrcp bluetooth profiles , it should be able to control your android music player app ; both my droid ( froyo 2.2.2 ) and my bionic ( gingerbread 2.3 ) honor the play/pause and forward/back controls on my sony mw600 headset . the android 2.3 compatibility definition states : 7.4.3 . bluetooth device implementations should include a bluetooth transceiver . device implementations that do include a bluetooth transceiver must enable the rfcomm-based bluetooth api as described in the sdk documentation [ resources , 32 ] . device implementations should implement relevant bluetooth profiles , such as a2dp , avrcp , obex , etc . as appropriate for the device . a2dp provides for streaming stereo content , avrcp provides for remote control support . wikipedia entry for bluetooth
kenwood just released head units compatible with android . the kdc-252 is the cheap model
the car audios which advertises compatibility with ipod/iphone ( ipod direct control ) are not compatible with android . if the head units are compatible with android , they will advertise it in features . i am writing this from personal experience . while connecting my galaxy s2 to my pioneer x3590ui the system displays unsupported or no audio ( in media device mode ) . if you switch the usb connection to mass storage mode , the system can detect the phone as a usb storage and can start playing media files on phone 's mass storage or sd card . i am mentioning about the music compatibility through usb . but if you have a unit with bluetooth , you can control music or even make calls on your phone with the head unit .
unfortunately , there currently are not any decks that allow you to control the music ( skip songs/albums/etc ) from the deck . you will need to do that on your phone . however you can stream the music from your phone to the deck so it plays through the car speakers over bluetooth ( with compatible devices ) or by using a direct audio cord . here 's an article that talks a little more about it : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/57050-android-ready-car-deck.html @matthew it depends on what kind of music files you have , typically bluetooth streaming is not extremely lossy , but if you are using flac or wav files there may be some loss ( nothing noticeable ) mp3s would stream at full quality though , no matter how you do it , bt should suit you just fine @matthewread what kind of deck does your dad have ? if you can find a deck that can control the android music player i would love to see it becausei looked high and low for one before i installed my system last winter
i suspect the android phone will just mount as a mass-storage device and play audio on the unit itself . the reason a lot of headunits state that they can control ipods , is because it is not as straight forward as treating an ipod as a mass-storage device because the files are encrypted and the device may not even be formatted as a fat formatted device . therefore , the easiest ( only ? ) method for the headunit manufacturers to access the music on an ipod is to implement the control protocol via the ipod connector .
to remove any system default applications your phone must be rooted . and using this system app remover you can remove the system added applications . but you have to do this on your own risk . i have been doing a lot of research on android mobiles , i can tell that your system might not work properly if you remove any system added applications . but most of the applications work fine without any issue . updated system app remover is a paid application . there is one free application called root app delete . have a look at this . .
quickoffice is a pre-installed app that handles previews of popular file formats created with desktop office applications ( e . g . word , excel , etc . ) you will not be able to uninstall it because it is installed as a system app . you will only be able to uninstall it if you root your nexus one , thus gaining write privileges to the /system partition . you can then use a number of root-only apps to remove quickoffice and other pre-installed apps that you do not use .
vlc for android beta is reported to support opus format . ( src )
i have found gonemad music player and neutron music player support playback of opus . update : if gapless playback is an important feature to you try xmms2 or rockbox . both are still in the development stages as far as android is concerned but they are both worthy of a mention . xmms2 is a music player server , so you will also need to download a controller to use it . rockbox is not available via the play store and it can be a bit tricky to setup so you will have to do your own homework on this one .
freeamp supports opus decoding as well from build 119 using the bass for android library .
edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/ as far as i know there is currently no wep/wpa cracking app . the fact android is open and linux based would allow this basically , however most ( all ? ) wifi chipset drivers do not allow the necessary monitor mode and solutions would be tied to single makes/models with supported chipsets . using known working usb wifi adapters with otg ready devices would allow to circumvent this restriction but there has not been a project to do so yet . update : there is some effort by the author of kismet . this is not covering your question but is somewhat related : you might however have luck using these 2 tools ( root required ) : element53 and proxydroid background : many paid access points allow dns resolution . element53 is a tcp-over-dns tunnel app ( dns has port 53 , hence the name ) to exploit this . the free version has 10mb traffic limit , here 's the explanation from the google play : element53 , the dns tunnel for android . element53 is a ready-to-use dns-tunnel for android . it can be used for penetration testing ( other uses are not supported ) .
first off you will need to root your tablet . this is relatively easy , especially with the galaxy because it is so popular . head on over to the xda forums (www.xda-developers.com) and navigate to the galaxy 10.1 section . this youtube video also will do it for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krqdp7xylwg be careful . follow the steps exactly . you do not want to brick your device . after that , you will have clockworkmod . so first things first : zip up your kernel , then copy it to your device . most of the time , tablets require sd-cards in order to install things from recovery , so pop in an sd-card and copy the zipped folder here . then , reboot into recovery ( turn device off , then hold up volume button and power at the same time ) . you will want to wipe your cache partition and davlik cache first . once this is done , go to install zip from sd-card , find your folder with the kernel , and that is it ! before you do this , do a backup of your current system , just in case your kernel really messes up your device . hope this helps !
i would recommend using full disk encryption and keeping your bootlaoder locked and phone unrooted if you want the best possible encryption that android natively provides . this article explains how to do a full system encryption on android . http://www.howtogeek.com/141953/how-to-encrypt-your-android-phone-and-why-you-might-want-to/
if you want to have any cellular functions apart from placing emergency calls , you have to have an actual cellular plan through a carrier . picture it this way : if you buy a land line phone for your house , take it out of the box , program speed dials , and set it on your table without plugging it into a phone line , you will not be able to receive any phone calls . your cell phone is simply a tablet until you activate a cellular plan through your carrier for it . also , the ability to place emergency calls is a feature on all cell phones that is not dependent on carriers . here is a list of uk carriers .
the latest youtube update has enabled it :-d
go to google play . search for the application you are trying to remove . when the page loads , you should see a ribbon-shaped icon in the upper right-hand corner . there should be a check mark . click it . the icon should change into a plus ( "+" ) symbol . check the wishlist . the item should be gone .
if you go into the play store item that you added to your wishlist and click the same icon that you used to add it to the wishlist it should remove it .
well , i could not resolve my problem but after contacting google 's support here some potencial answers for some users . clean google play and download manager cache for google play : visit Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications tab over to " all " select the play store app , and then tap " clear cache " and " clear data " for the download manager : visit Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications tab over to " all " select " download manager , " and then tap " clear data " and " clear cache " uninstall updates from google play go to " home " > " menu " > " settings " > " applications " > " manage applications " touch the " all " tab scroll down and select the play store app touch " uninstall updates " this will revert google play to the original version that came with your device . google play should automatically self-update to the current version within a few days - there is no way to permanently uninstall updates . however , you can perform the following steps to ensure the latest version of google play is updated properly : launch google play switch to the home screen wait 5-10 minutes for the app to self-update re-launch the google play store app after that the support could not help me anymore . . i believe my problem is a bug , so maybe in future versions it'll be fixed , anyway when i accomplish this , i will post here . edit : google play store updated to 3.10.9 and now each wishlist item has like a remove icon besides it , so you click there and it is removed ! nice and easy .
i have tried many things ( clearing play data , clearing cache , uninstall , force stop restarting the device ) and finally found a solution : use google chrome and open two tabs . in the first tab open the new apps and click add to wishlist in the second tab open the app that cannot be removed from the wishlist right click at second tab then click inspect element in elements right click and click edit attribute at data-docid and data-server-cookie , copy the value in notepad an example data-docid is com . noodlecake . blockheads and data-server-cookie is caiaiwoheh8kgwnvxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx goto 1st page right click at button added to wishlist and click inspect element in 1st page elements , use edit attribute replace all the data-docid and data-server-cookie values with the 2nd page data-docid and data-server-cookie values now you can click remove wishlist on the first chrome tab .
there is a port for curl for android : http://thesoftwarerogue.blogspot.com/2010/05/porting-of-libcurl-to-android-os-using.html but i think that your best bet for this one is the git repo : https://github.com/jahrome/curl-android readme curl is a command line tool for transferring data specified with url syntax . find out how to use curl by reading the curl . 1 man page or the manual document . find out how to install curl by reading the install document . libcurl is the library curl is using to do its job . it is readily available to be used by your software . read the libcurl . 3 man page to learn how !
there are some available from google play store . excluding the ones you have mentioned , this two i have used , and they worked very well : music pump daap player by android music pump : music pump is a feature rich android daap client that lets you to stream and sync music from your pc or nas to your android device . all you need is a daap server . remote for soundbridge by martin kompf : connect to different music servers including upnp , daap , and internet radio . browse playlists , artists , composers , albums , songs , genres , and folders at music server .
i have the same model and the digitizer is also 2/3 dead . if hold vertically , the left third from top to bottom works plus the rightmost vertical pixel line . i was able to unlock it using a two finger gesture : swipe the slider as far as possible to the right and hold it , then touch the right edge of the screen with a 2nd finger , then release the 1st finger . my permanent solution : installed cyanogenmod and enabled physical keyboard unlock . note that you can buy a replacement digitizer on ebay for around 20$ or so if you do not mind doing it yourself .
as pointed out in my comment on the question itself , you might try a lock screen replacement from google play that might let you customize where to place the " unlocker " . just picking some examples by their screenshots : lockmenu / zipper lock screen / widgetlocker ( click images for larger variants ) as you can see , there are multiple solutions available letting you define where the slider ( or whatever ) should be located – so you should be able to leave out the " dead spots " easily .
try disconnecting the call before the other side hangs up . i have noticed a similar behavior in ics 4.0 , where if i disconnect the call first the phone does not lock .
this is a general problem with all android phones . best way to solve this problem is On Call End program . it provides user to select following actions to take after a call : do nothing go to phone home screen go to phone dialer vibrate show a toast message with the call duration . outgoing call duration includes the ringing time . you can install On Call End from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brosix.callendhl=tr
here is another option similar to @onik 's reply . . . in the Contacts -&gt; menu key -&gt; Display options , there is a list that says Choose contacts to display . for example , google , backup assistant + contacts , preset , hotmail . there is a down arrow on the left of each item . click the arrow and panel appears with All contacts and a check box . uncheck the box , and those contacts will not be displayed in your list . this is for android v2.3.5 on verizon motorola
in the Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync , select your gmail account , in there you will see " sync contacts " . you can uncheck that and the device will not sync your contacts to gmail , nor will your gmail contacts sync to your device . as onik said too , you can have it show only people with phone numbers too .
first copy all your g-mail contacts to your phone . you can find this under menu -> manage contacts -> then copy contacts . choose to copy from g-mail to phone . all the g-mail contacts will copy over ; then you can decide which ones from the phone contacts can stay and which ones you can delete without having to worry about it " syncing " with google and erasing important contact info . then you can also take it a step further and click your contact phonebook viewer . you can choose phone only , sim , gmail , etc ; by selection . the phonebook will show only this information . finally for those who do not want to clutter up their phonebook with every email you have ever sent - you can click under settings " view contacts with phone numbers only " . this will give you a cleaner look for the phonebook . hope that helps
there is an option to only show contacts that have a phone number , you can set it in Contacts -&gt; menu key -&gt; Display options . this will hide the unnecessary contacts but keep your email synced .
in android 2.1 and later , pressing a contact 's image in the contacts / dialer or sms app ( as well as others that support the protocol ) results in a small popup from where you can view the person 's contact info / send sms / dial their number or email them . looks like this :
your question is not very clear . can you clarify what it is you are asking ? when someone calls me on my droid , their contact picture ( assuming they have one ) is displayed while the phone is ringing and during the call ( unless the screen blanks from the proximity sensor ) . when i am viewing my contacts , i can tap a contact 's picture and i get several options to choose , depending on what apps i have installed and what information i have for the person . for example , for one of my contacts right now i see icons for call , sms , gmail , google talk , facebook , twitter , maps , and browser .
the problem lies with the type of usb driver you have downloaded . they are two types of usb driver 's . 1 . type1 2 . type2 type1 usb driver is used only for file transfer and personal purpose like backup etc . whereas type2 usb driver is used solely for debugging ( development ) . you need to download the debug driver for your motorola droid razr you had downloaded the type 1 driver so your device did not get recognized by eclipse ( or adt ) . in order to get your device identified via the debug enabled option download the latest debug driver for your device . follow this link on downloading the device drivers for your device
endless hours were spent trying to connect my motorola razr to my computer . this finally worked : go to google playstore on the phone . download motorola pim ( all upper case ) . if you have an extended battery case/charger on the phone , remove the phone and insert the usb cable into the port on the top of the phone . or download airdroid and connect wirelessly .
you could try widgetlocker lockscreen . it lets you add app shortcuts on your lockscreen . it replaces your lockscreen though .
go to settings --> lock screen --> slider shortcuts --> swipe to any side --> click on " empty "--> select " applications "--> camera now you can see a camera icon on lock screen .
i also had same issue and i initially connected my phone in ptp mode and then phone got detected but i could not see the videos . i went to phone and changed mode to mtp and then the videos were available . catch here is that when you are connecting your phone to laptop it should be in ptp mode and then change to mtp . if you have mtp mode and try connecting your mobile to laptop then your pc might not detect the phone .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
androidforums has a guide for rooting the htc one v . i can not post the steps here , since the link is blocked at my current location .
app data usually go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( in case of chrome : /data/data/com.android.chrome ) . but those directories are only accessible by the app itself , and by the system/root – so unless your device is rooted , you will not have much luck checking there . concerning the file-system hierarchy , you might wish to first consult the file-system tag-wiki , and then follow up to android folder hiearchy .
this very comprehensive article entitled " guide to game controllers on android " published on 9th may 2012 maybe greatly beneficial to you : http://www.pocketables.com/2012/05/guide-to-game-controllers-on-android.html you may also be interested in this video ( approx . 45 mins duration ) entitled " gaming on the nexus 7 with a ps3 controller " http://revision3.com/hak5/how-to-bluetooth-a-controller-to-nexus
with opera mobile open , click on the wrench icon click on settings scroll down and click on privacy from there you should see options to clear history , password , cookies , cache , and shared locations .
how about if you do a dump of the filesystem before and after clearing the cache and compare what has changed ? for example , browse something to generate some cache , copy the filesystem to directory before-clear , clear the cache and copy again to directory after-clear . after this run a diff on the directories , eg . diff -q before-clear after-clear &gt; differing_files.txt . after this you can check relevant files for changes and see if you can clear the cache just by removing/editing these files . although , this only works if the cache is file-based , not in a db . note : this is just an idea , do not have a rooted phone to test it .
i use a backup tool ( smsbackuprestore ) to save old message on my sd card . very nice because you can read the backup file to find your old messages . i followed the same scheme as yours ( i own a samsung galaxy y pro - gt-b5510 ) . the only problem i still have now is the low ram . apps are becoming more and more greedy and even the simplest apps need 20mb ram and that is too much with all the " google services " taking up to 50mb . so now , i am trying to find a way to overcome the lag caused by the low ram . from what i read on forums , the problem of low space comes from the apps mostly . but messages take space too ( i had some problem too ) and lag was coming from the messaging app that does not bear so many messages . so backup was the only solution for me .
task killing is never a solution when it comes to " preserving battery " . as you discovered , most things restart themselves automatically . what could help , however , is ( temporarily ) turn off all services you do not need -- after all , it is just for that one run , and ( as you already pointed out ) you can resign from some of them : do you need a data connection for runkeeper ? if not : switch it off , that would save the most . if it is really needed : disable account synchronization , and do the same for all apps which are periodically syncing ( e . g . rss reader and the like ) . while running , you will not pickup phone calls anyway -- switch off the radio ( if no data are needed : just switch to airplane mode . while in airplane mode , you still can enable some services separately , such as e.g. bluetooth and gps ) . big savings again minor things include bluetooth . i do not think you want to listen to music via a bt headset while running -- so switch it off . if you really need audio , use a wired headset . display : turn brightness down as much as possible . if it is rarely turned on , this might not have much effect -- but it contributes . some apps which you will not need " on the run " might offer to exit them completely . do so . this altogether should save a lot of juice -- and should preserve enough power for 5h runkeeper with gps , i would say . good luck , and have a successful double-marathon ( one for you running , and one for power-saving ; ) !
i had this same problem after an upgrade . after a lot of digging i found the problem . before starting , note that your device must be rooted to fix it . believe or not , the problem is with the " ls " command in /system/bin . it looks like a lot of the commands are symbolic links to a file called " toolbox " , which is also located in the "/system/bin " directory . the " ls " command however links to what i think was the previous location "/data/local/toolbox " . fix is : using a suitable file manager ( i used root explorer ) , copy toolbox from /system/bin to /data/local . i guess you could also try update the ls symbolic link to point to /system/bin/toolbox , but i am not sure how to do this and there may be other link with the same problem . device : samsung galaxy tab gt-p7510 new android version : ics 4.0.4 old android version : hc 3.2
i have solved this problem . it was because of huge network traffic on the dhcp server , due to which the ack was not able to reach through wi-fi to the samsung galaxy android .
it is required for phones ( at least in europe and us ) to allow emergency calls without requiring the user to unlock the phone or the sim card . you can always make an emergency call when you are in a cell coverage area and the phone has power . it is a safety feature , which guarantees you can use any phone in an emergency to get assistance , regardless of the state the phone is in . take this scenario : you are in a car crash and your own phone breaks . an unconscious friend 's cell phone is working , but it has a pattern/pin/password lock on it , or it lost power but boots to the sim pin screen . the feature guarantees that you can make the call without knowledge of the correct pattern/pin/password . the numbers you can call with this feature are restricted to the most common or regional emergency numbers , and are translated by the carrier to the local emergency numbers if you are roaming . the exception to this are wifi-only tablets , which can not make calls at all . edit : if the device 's sim is locked , it detects the networks available and identifies it is own network , but does not register the device to the network . in the case of emergency calls , the phone does not need to be registered to the network , all calls to emergency numbers are allowed , regardless of the state of the sim or carrier subscription . even with no sim at all , the networks are detected and the carrier with the strongest signal is used .
with emergency calls you can dial only emergency numbers like 911 , 112 etc , they differ from country to country . and afaik in absence of a network/signal the emergency call is made using the available network of any network provider in region . so the main purpose of " emergency call " button is that when in emergency you can dial emergency numbers without unlocking your device .
yes , most devices support up to 7 devices connected at once . i do not have a galaxy s4 to test on , but it seems unlikely it would only support one . more likely , there is a particular problem with one of the devices involved . you should post a new question about why bluetooth is not working properly for you , giving full details of the devices you are using , what steps you take , and what happens .
it should wake up with anything between 95 and 100% . anything less and either you are charger/battery/phone is doing something wrong . turning off the device and letting it sit in the charger ( reconnect the charger ) should fill the charge to 100% from whatever it it in a couple of minutes ( 10-30 ) while you wake up and get you are stuff .
how about using several different apps ? mapswithme is awesome for viewing openstreetmap offline . you can download whole countries , and see them in a very fluid interface osmtracker is a good basic gps tracing app , with buttons for taking quick notes of various kinds ( do the actual openstreetmap editing later when you get home ) vespucci is a more full-featured openstreetmap editor which would allow you to add roads . i could be wrong but i think it is the only android app which supports full geometry editing . that is always going to be a bit fiddly to do on a phone anyway though , and i do not find vespucci very easy to use ( prefer take notes and then edit at home ) those are some of my personal preferences at the moment , but people are developing/improving these apps all the time .
osmtracker ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.guillaumin.android.osmtrackerhl=en ) will meet your requirements . it can upload the gpx tracks directly to openstreetmap , but i prefer using josm to upload the data .
i think that osmeditor4android does what you are looking for . functionality includes : create , edit new nodes and ways append nodes to existing ways create , edit tags up/download to osm server highlight unnamed highways and ways/nodes with todos if it somehow does not do what you want , the osm wiki has a nice chart comparing a number of android apps .
the xperia z supports usb-on-the-go , so with a usb-otg adaptor and a usb keyboard you should be able to enter the encryption passphrase to boot the device .
i have heard reports of batteries dying after being left in storage for extended periods . that is wrong assumption if your keeping your battery without working condition or when phone is switched off . there is no reason battery will die .
unlike ni-cd and ni-mh batteries , li-ion batteries primarily lose their capacity by calender time rather than by charge/discharge cycles . it is simply a fact of the chemistry . from the time the cell is assembled , it will lose capacity over time , regardless of whether it is in active use or sitting in a warehouse . stored unused , you are looking at up to 15-20% loss of capacity per year ( pg 4 , figure 5b ) with the battery just sitting on a shelf . though this is more a worst-case scenario , as the battery is being stored at 35° . to help prevent this capacity loss , you should store the battery cold . in the paper above , storing the battery at 5° c ( a few degrees warmer than an average kitchen fridge , which is ideally about 1.6° c ) reduced the capacity loss rate by about half . putting the battery in a nice airtight bag ( a small ziplock is good ) is highly recommended for fridge storage to prevent unfortunate incidents relating to spills and condensation .
check you sd card for errors , preferably by powering down the phone , removing it and inserting into an sd reader . and always use " safely disconnect hardware " in windows system tray or unmount the usb mass storage device in linux .
i noticed a similar problem on my htc g2 recently after i migrated phones . deleting the thumbnails folder fixed the problem . see also : not all images showing up in gallery
a quite common cause for " disappearing media " is not restricted to photos only , but can also affect audio and video files : the media scanner checks each directory for a file named .nomedia ( this file can be empty , its content is not checked ) . if found , this directory including its subdirectories is skipped from scan -- which means , this media does not appear in the gallery . you can easily check if this might be the cause : use a file explorer ( e . g . es file explorer ) to check whether your media is where it should be ( i.e. . usually somewhere on your sd card ) . you can also check this from your computer via usb . if so , check all the tree along for a file named .nomedia ( note the leading dot ! ) . it may reside even in the root directory of your sd card -- or somewhere in the path to your media files if found , just delete it ( safe to do so -- you can re-create it anytime , it has no important content but is more likely even completely empty ) .
the reason could be insufficient permissions . an app cannot simply chose to create a directory below /data ( other than its own , /data/&lt;package_name&gt; , which is already created by the android system when the app is being installed ) . so this was why it failed in the first place . even after you used your " root powers " to create the /data/.ssh directory , and put a ( most likely empty ) known_hosts file there , the issue was probably the same : both where owned by the user who created them ( root ) , and the app might not have been able to enter the directory , let alone to write into the file . there are two possible solutions to this . the first you chose yourself was granting the app SUPER_USER privileges . if this is fine with you ( and you trust the app for that ) , your issue is gone with that . of course this requires the app to request the SUPER_USER permission , which it obviously does in your case . a more restrictive approach would have been granting the correct privileges to the directory and the file , by e.g. chown it to the app 's user , or chmod appropriately . if owned by that app , only this app would have access there , which would be the best solution . for this , you would first need to figure out the user , which could be done e.g. using ls -l /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( replace &lt;package_name&gt; with the package name of the app ) , and then do a chown -R &lt;user&gt;:&lt;group&gt; /data/.ssh .
if you had a pretty decent pc , you could try using the official android emulator from the android sdk . the only problem might be that with the current emulator , there is no graphic acceleration yet so game performance might not be so great , though google says it will be coming soon .
you might have to fidget with this one , and if you could get it working , it would be awesome . there is an android x86 project that you could use to boot android on your computer , and just play the games there . the builds they have up now come with a few games , and if you could install . apk files to it , then you could play all the games right there ! let us know if you do this , and how well it works !
for viewing the phone 's screen from your pc you could use a solution from this question : how to capture video stream from android phone screen and show it on laptop ? . you might be able to get up to 30 fps depending on the quality . a clever way to control the game externally , if you do not want to hold the phone , is to attach it to a gaming steering wheel :p sort of like the wiimote steering wheel attachment . as far as i am aware the emulator would be too slow and the only " android player " out there is for the blackberry playbook , not pc .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
good work on not upgrading to 2.2 yet for purposes of rooting ! as for your specific issue , you mention it happens when attempting to sync with facebook and then mention the reboots are random . are they random or a cause of a specific action ? my guess is they would be more random since as far as i know few people have problems with fb . although there was an issue on htc servers that caused fb sync to stop working awhile back . i do not think that issue caused any phones to reboot though . where did you buy your phone and did you get it brand new or used or refurb ? with random reboots i would think you could take it into sprint and have them look at it if you bout it new , since the likelihood you caused the reboot issue is slim . have you looked at the xda forums for help ? there are a lot of evo users there and they may be able to help , even if you are not rooted . also i would recommend rooting , check the xda forums . i do not think a single custom rom has any issues with fb syncing . not that rooting will necessarily fix your issues .
i am pretty sure that the standard way ( that google want you to go through ) to do this is to start by going through the android market help ( also available by going to the help menu within the android market app ) going into the buying apps section , a lot of sectsions there have contact us links that you can fill in with your problem and details . if that does not help you then can search the market support forums .
sounds like the usb port is broken , though it should be fixable with soldering or something . take a look outside to see if the pins were snapped off or anything , and inside if not .
there is an app called remote web desktop by smartdog studio . it enables access to your phone through your desktop 's browser , over the local network ( i.e. . no connection to the internet is necessary ( i use it with both phone and desktop on the same wifi ap ) ; phone acts as http ( s ) server on non-standard port ( configurable ) ) . the simplest method is " shared clipboard": select the text on your phone , copy to clipboard , and it is immediately accessible from the desktop computer . the app has a free ( ad-supported ) and paid ( ~$4 usd ) version ; the free version allows connection over http , paid also offers https . full disclosure : i am a ( happy ) user of this app , no other connection .
if your pc and phone both support blue tooth you should be able to tether the two together . alternatively you should be able to use a usb chord to attach your phone as a usb device and drag and drop from your phone 's data to your pc ; i can do this with my htc evo 4g .
catch synchronizes notes from various sources ( pc or phone ) automatically . unfortunately it requires an internet connection , but that can be via wifi and not the phone 's data plan . so , while not ideal , i think it is better than sending yourself fb chat messages .
this worked well for me aswell , but not real smooth . choosing the optimus s from the " change device profile " makes the hotspot visible and works fine on the kindle . there is an error associated with the app when the hotspot is started with this profile that is annoying at the worst . it appears this profile is attempting to start the built in os hotspot app which fails as we knew it would . in doing all that , it all works out . . . . . thanks for the heads up . will be pinging a few developers for a cleaner solution since the combo does work , just not very well with avail hotspot apps/tools . until then , free is still going to get a donation for providing me with " a " option . ; )
i was able to figure it out . : ) after getting my phone rooted , i found this link : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail?name=wifi_tether_v3_1-pre113.apkcan=2q=label%3aexperimental all you have to do is download that code in the link into your phone . it takes you to an app , and you install it . this is an experimental ( beta ) version of the app , which uses infrastructure wifi -the updated version uses ad hoc . the beta version works great , and now i can get a great signal on my kindle fire from my phone , without having to root my kindle .
i think it might differ among apps . to figure out the app in question runs in background or not , just use system> apps> running services . if it is push notification , it consumes data only when it receives data . even if it runs in background it does not consume data .
polling for updates it depends on how the app is written . most commonly , the app uses android 's AlarmManager to run itself at intervals ( say , every hour ) to check for updates . some apps might do this to keep themselves in sync with server data regardless of whether notifications are turned on or off in the app , and may ( or may not ) have another setting to disable syncing completely . other apps might only run this periodic check if notifications are turned on , and only sync when you start the app yourself . however it controls that , you should expect that when the AlarmManager starts the app in the background , it runs for as it long as it takes to get any new data from the server , and then stops running when it is finished . it will then not run until the AlarmManager starts it again in another hour ( or however long it is set to wait ) . there is ( usually ) no need for the app to be running in the background the whole time , though of course a badly written app may do this . cached background processes do not forget that android keeps background processes in memory even when they have stopped running , unless/until another process needs to use that memory . if the app is ' stopped ' , it is not using any resources , not even if android is keeping it in memory . google cloud messaging apps can use google cloud messaging ( gcm ) to be ' pushed ' updates from servers ( i.e. . from " the cloud" ) . instead of being started at regular intervals to check for data , they are only started when new data are available . this means they use less power , because they are not being started unnecessarily ; and less data , because they only talk to the server when they know it has new data . as above , an app might use gcm to keep its data in sync with the server , even if notifications are turned off . it is an implementation detail of the app : it should not affect its observable behaviour , just how much power and data it uses . android itself keeps an open connection to google 's servers . there is only one such connection on the whole phone , so installing a new app that uses gcm does not use any extra resources . when the android system receives a gcm message for a particular app , it starts that app in the background to give it the message : the app does not need to have been running already . the app then runs , and reads the message . the size of gcm messages is severely limited , so the app may still need to contact the server to find out more . for example , the gcm message might just say how many new emails there are , and the client then needs to check the server to download the new emails . for flight details , it may be that the message only has a gate number or an updated departure time , so the app might not need to contact the server for more details . as before , when the app has finished processing the update , and it has created a notification if necessary , it can stop itself : it does not need to keep running .
i ended up disabling the linked calendar , and adding it manually using the icalsync app in the market .
as @logos has said rightly having any modifications on rom does not have any effect on the charge/discharge . first of all let 's understand the simple concept of battery consumption . the device requires charge to run the software and perform various tasks done by the processor ( graphics , antenna , gps , bluetooth etc . ) . it only depends on which kind of processor is used by your device and not by the rom , having an updated or increased rom will only give you speed but not charge . if this processor design is not good then due to some usage itself the device gets heated up thereby raising health concerns . as the number of charge consuming hardware increases ( nfc , wi-fi , bluetooth , graphic card , high output speakers , camera etc . ) the battery capacity also increases ( 2500mah or 3500mah ) . if the battery capacity is less then you will suffer from low battery very soon and if the battery capacity is high ( i.e. . around 3000mah ) then the time required to do a full charge ( 100 % charge ) will take some time due to this many smartphones in the market having higher capacity battery ( devices with high capacity battery are fixed permanently in your device for example motorola e has higher capacity battery which can easily last for a day , has its battery soldered permanently in the phone and cannot be removed ) so next time you purchase a device go for a high capacity battery as well as the latest android 4.4.4 operating system ( the latest operating system of android is by far the best for consuming less and efficient battery management ) . visit this site for further details about smartphone batteries . now coming to your phone usage in order to improve the battery life try reducing the screen brightness to optimum level and not automatic brightness . turn off the mobile data/wi-fi/g . p . s when not in use . use headphones instead of a speaker on your device wherever possible . last but not the least as you would be traveling a lot in your car invest in a car charger accessory which is readily available and also gives you charge on the move .
chraging is generally limited by hardware , not the rom - ie , the charging cable and the device charging input and battery . different charging adaptors can provide different amperages ( eg , the note ii charger provides a 2amp feed ) . using the wrong amperage may damage your device by overloading the charging port or battery , depending on your hardware ; it is unlikely tho as the hardware should limit this . if you are finding that your car charger is not providing enough juice , you might want to try buying a charging cord with higher amperage than the charging cord you are currently using . the maximum charge rating for a galaxy s ii is for 5v/1amp .
according to this youtube video , where the user measured actual current drawn while adjusting the settings , the maximum is 650ma ( . 65a ) . contrary to the first answer , the charging device cannot in any way " push " current into any device ; it is like the ac outlet , which can supply a lot of current , but will never supply too much unless there is a defect or short . the charger can only supply current , hopefully enough to satisfy the amount the device is trying to draw . you cannot damage your device by using an adaptor that supplies higher current , you can only slow down the charging by supplying too little . the device itself contains the charging circuitry that controls how much current is drawn at various stages of charging . if the wall adaptor could damage a device by supplying too much current , then it would not be safe to plug it into the computer usb port , which is often capable of supplying higher current when properly negotiated by the device .
the xoom dock has a connector to the usb port for audio and stability . the back of the dock has a stereo out port . here is a link detailing the innards and how to convert to a plain usb . http://wordpress.greghausman.com/2011/05/08/motorola-xoom-usb-dock/
i also have that phone and it had fastboot disabled . to quickly answer your question , i have not found a method to install a fastboot rom from ubuntu but it is possible to flash a custom rom from it . assuming there is fastboot rom installed , you should first boot it into fastboot mode ( if you have adb running , just use adb reboot bootloader ) : turn the phone off hold the camera button and then the power on button keep pressing the camera button until you see the lg logo the phone will be in fastboot mode when you see a blank screen ( just the back light will be on ) . after that , you should be able to use ubuntu to flash a custom rom . all you have to do is open a terminal in the folder containing the extracted files and type : this process should take about 10 minutes to complete . just for the record , i downloaded fastboot binary from here and swiftdroid 2.0 from here , but i believe you can use any fastboot-ready rom ( in other words , roms with boot.img and system.img ) . if you do not have a fastboot-enabled rom installed already , you can do it using the kdz updater as described here , but you have to use windows and the fastboot rom . reference thread and post
i think you might be a little confused . android is based off of linux and everything that can be done for android on windows can be done much easier on linux . : ) to answer your question . unlike other phones lg makes , they did not disable fastboot on your phone . it is enabled by default afaik . fastboot is just a binary that allows the user to send commands remotely to the phone from the desktop . you just need to be in fastboot mode on your phone for the commands to be recognized . on linux , you dont need special programs like kdz , you just need the android sdk and a few commands in terminal . the xda dev forums are your best friends when it comes to android development and custom roms . this page ( especially the 1st link on the page concerning ubuntu ) should get you started : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1032744 http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=773 1st link is the sticky with what is needed to get you started and the 2nd link is just the links to the other sections in the gt540 forum which is provided for convenience .
is it possible to enable fastboot and/or install a custom rom using linux ? sad to say , but no , you can not yet enable fastboot using linux easily . you need to find someone with windows ( was best option for me ) or deal with virtual machines . p.s. lucky you need it only once , i found someone with windows just to enable fastboot , now can flash rom using fastboot tool on linux .
no . there is not . io owned this device for a long time , and you need the kdz updater to install a fastboot rom . once that is done , you can shun windows forever .
tf201 is not supported on cm11 , so your choices are to go with official nightlies ( which are not stable ) of cm10.1 from here or unofficial cm11 from here . neither of these are stable or officially supported releases . the google apps version you should use depends on the cm version you choose to flash . if you are using cm11 , use the 20140105 gapps . if you are using cm10.1 , use the 20130812 gapps .
unbind the gmail account . clear google play data . bind the gmail account .
that usb input in the honda pilot only supports certain drivers . it looks like it has support for standard flash thumb drives and ipod products . android comes preloaded with the drivers necessary to communicate with windows so until honda updates the stereos driver support or someone puts the necessary drivers to interface with the pilot on your device i believe you will be out of luck .
do you have the usb set to the right setting ? settings-> applications-> usb settings-> [ mass storage or media player ] try all the different settings , it is not obvious which one the car is happy with ( if any ) also under settings -> applications -> development try turning on [ usb debugging ] .
the access point supports wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) , which allows easier connections to the ap . you can long press the ap to use this feature . see wikipedia for more info .
you can copy the music to any location on your phone , and the music player will detect the location automatically . al has posted how you can transfer your file with a pc and usb cable , if for some reason it does not work for you you can install awesome drop from the market and then use dashwire 's awesome drop to transfer the file using internet connection .
there are many ways to ( semi- ) automate the process . i am assuming you do not want to use an app to manage this . ( there are dozens . i expect some other answers will suggest some . ) i also assume that you know how to connect to your pc and turn on " usb storage " . just copy your music files to your sd card . the music player will find the tracks wherever you have them , but you should probably put them in a " music " subfolder so that you can find them easily . it is as simple as that .
no , at least no-one found a reliable way to do it . higher android versions introduce new apis that the app may require to function correctly .
technically , one can override the version requirement by cracking open the . apk file and editing the manifest . xml file and setting the android:minSdkVersion attribute in the &lt;uses-sdk&gt; element to your sdk version ( or simply remove that attribute altogether , in which case it will default to "1" and assume it will work on any android version ) , then using your modified . apk file to install it . however , this is almost always a bad idea . the developer of the application presumably set that requirement to the value it is because they actually do need something introduced in that sdk version . if they did not , they had set it to something else or omit it . trying to make the app run on an android version missing those features it needs is likely to cause havoc , crashes , force-closes , and other unhappiness . in the case of google-made apps , i would assume they knew exactly what functionality their app uses and when it was introduced and that it would definitely break in some manner without that functionality when they set the minsdkversion for their app , and thus trying this trick will almost certainly fail . but if the developer is just a lazyish type who insisted upon setting the attribute ( probably to the current version ) without much thought about whether it is really needed ( i.e. . " i do not feel like going through my code and checking what functionality i actually use and when google added it to android , so i will just set the minsdkversion to the current version of android" ) , it might just work . or the missing functionality might only be used in some part of the app you never use , and thus the brokenness is irrelevant to you .
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
the thief would , perform in this order of chances below are : throw away the sim card ( see below ) attempt to unlock boot-loader ( if its locked ) which results in wipe of /data and /cache pop in a sim card that does not have pin lock . if an incorrect pin is entered more than three times , a puk is needed ! now the chances of the thief walking into the carrier 's shop , asking for the puk code is very slim hence why number one ( in the above ) is done first , even if digging around trying to figure out what the number is . and furthermore , some , if not all , carriers have the handset , locked to the network in itself . sure they will get the imei and walk into a mobile shop that specializes in phone/network unlocking and get the handset freed from the carrier 's network . so it would be safe to say the sim card 's pin lock is secure somewhat !
when in your wifi settings , could you try pressing menu ( or clicking the overflow dots ) , and selecting Settings . once done , untick the Avoid poor WiFi networks option , and see if it will now connect . also , restart the router .
while is there an app for x is off-topic here ( see what topics can i ask about here ? ) , still a short hint : a search for " dlna subtitle " turns up good candidates , e.g. media server pro ( yes , only the payed version for ~ 1 buck ) or wondershare player ( free ) . both claim to support subtitles , and the search results in 31 hits currently ( so chances are there are more likely candidates ) .
if it is the official roms , then it is very easy and chances of anything going wrong are slim-to-none . you should just do it . downgrading should also be pretty straightforward if you want to stick with official firmwares - it would be a case of downloading pc odin and the firmware you want from a site like sammobile . i have done this with a galaxy note which is from the same family of handsets . many people who have problems find that they can solve them with a wipe and just re-installing what they want . this has resolved battery issues for some . ics is worth the risk . yes , there are ui changes and you will probably notice the phone being a bit faster to respond , but there are many other changes as well . for instance , some real-world useful features include wi-fi direct , improved web browsing and proxy support . if you plan on keeping the handset long enough you may see some applications will require ics as a minimum version as this is the first unified phone + tablet version of android .
the option to choose what application to use when making a call ( or anything else , such as open a webpage ) happens when you do not have a default set . so if you want to get asked whether to use dialler/skype/viber when you try to call a contact , then you need to clear the default settings for dialler . you will not get the prompt otherwise . there is no way to set this up on a per-number or per-contact basis in the dialler .
go to setting , manage applications , press the all tab and scroll down to dialler/skype/viber go to options then select clear default button . http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/590961-dialer-default-search-settings.html
no : your whatsapp contact list will display the names you chose for the numbers in your phonebook . the nickname an user has is only displayed if he/she is not in your phonebook and he/she is posting in a group you are in .
you can check if your phone is currently unlocked/rooted in bootloader ( volume down+power for a few seconds when phone is off should do it . otherwise google for your phone . ) i guess there is no way to check if your device was ever rooted . indeed , the safest* is to root the phone yourself and flash a rom . another advantage of this is that you are up-to-date . *of course , there is always the potential risk that rooting fails and your device explodes : )
if you use good reads here 's three apps that sync with the service : http://www.appbrain.com/app/goodreads-droid/hactar.goodreads http://www.appbrain.com/app/mybookdroid-%28books-library%29/org.zezula.bookdiary https://market.android.com/details?id=com.goodreads ( goodreads ' official app )
i have used this book catalogue program to enter my book collection . it lets you enter books via isbn ( manually or scanning ) , has a search feature and works great . it has bookshelfs where you should create on for a reading list , although there is a checkbox ' have read the book ' also . . . check it out if : maybe it has enough of the features you want to be useful . i like it very much .
from everything i have read about the " knox enhanced boot loader " , and what is and is not possible with it , all of your assumptions seem spot on . another route you may want to try , is safestrap . it is by far the safest method for installing custom roms , as it bypasses the bootloader and there is no chance in tripping the knox flag , unless you flash a rom on the stock side . if you have not heard of safestrap , just a quick google search will point you to it .
there are several possible approaches to this . if you are using a headset ( which i assume you are ) , there are several apps for headset control allowing you to use your headset button for that ( e . g . one click = pause/play , double-click = next , etc . ) . on the other hand i have seen c locker is capable of exactly what you are asking for : using the volume rockers for that while the screen is locked .
you could try changing your system language and then see if play store takes the cue . but if the system language has been coded into the build . prop then it would be of no use as your play store would still show chinese version and apps specific to china . the only alternative you have is try to flash a european/wwe ruu for your phone . read up on what ruu is else you could possibly brick your phone . you problem is similar to this . try this thread on xda
for anyone that arrives here via google like i did , here is how i got into recovery mode : device : galaxy s i9000m ( the int'l version of i9000 ) rom : cyanogenmod 10 ( cm10 ) the three button combo that used to work ( vol up + power + home ) did not work . however , holding both volume button and power ( no home ) launched me into recovery pronto . hope this helps out a fellow google traveler . cheers .
ok . i found the correct combination . it seems that the recovery distributed with cyanogenmod 10 m2 for galaxysmtd is really picky about the hardware buttons . here 's how you can boot to recovery : start with galaxy s powered off press and hold volume up + home press and hold power button wait for ( factory default ) galaxy s gt-i9000 boot display to show up release the power button before the second boot display with text " cyanogen ( mod ) " shows up . keep holding the volume up + home buttons . wait for recovery to start . after you see the recovery menu , you can release the volume up and home buttons . if you fail to release the power button before the second boot display , you cannot get it to go into the recovery mode . instead it will enter the normal boot sequence which seems to fail if you keep holding the power button . on the other hand , if you do not keep buttons pressed long enough , it will enter the normal boot sequence , again . i have not figured out if holding the home button is really required but at least it does not prevent entering the recovery mode .
for me work : vol up + home + power ( release power after showing galaxy s gt-i9000 boot display and continue with vol up + home )
hold the power button as you usually do for " power off " . then , select the option " recovery" ; it will enter into the recovery mode .
there is no call recording issue in android . as you have seen , not all phones support it . android supports call recording just fine , but this can only work if ( 1 ) the phone hardware can be told to send the call audio to the application processor of the phone ( the main processor that apps run on ) , and ( 2 ) the baseband firmware ( part of the phone 's drivers ) also supports this . some phones do not even have the hardware set up correctly for this , so there is no way call recording can ever work on these phones . others have the right hardware , but no driver support . these phones could possibly work , but the soc manufacturer would need to provide an update to the drivers , and the phone manufacturer ( the oem ) would need to package this into a new rom . the bug report you linked to is completely pointless , which is why there is no comment from google on it . android already has a working api for call recording : it is now up to the remaining soc and phone manufacturers to make it work on their phones .
com.sec.android.gallery3d.picasa.contentprovider was using 80% of my battery . i followed these instructions to turn it off .
i started having major battery drain after updating some apps recently . betterbatterystats showed this same msm_otg as what was preventing sleep . uninstalling google+ updates , and stopping picasa sync fixed it . i did not have a picasa album showing in my gallery as the link indicates , but i am 100% that the g+ and picasa connection was the culprit . the steps listed in the link are : open settings , scroll down and tap application manager tap all select google+ tap uninstall updates return to home screen by pressing middle button find google+ in apps menu and open it follow setup steps , when prompted about auto uploads choose to turn them off close google+ open settings , scroll down and tap accounts and sync select your google account untick these options if available : sync google+ , sync google photos , sync picasa web albums tap sync now at the bottom tap back arrow twice to return to main settings screen open application manager tap all scroll down and tap gallery tap clear data return to home screen by pressing middle button open gallery app , you should now find that the picasa albums are gone !
i had the same problem and then remembered that the new router was set to only accept connections by mac address . when i added my nexus one mac address to the new router , it connected perfectly .
a few things to try : ensure that the wi-fi network you are connecting to is an infrastructure mode ( router ) and not ad-hoc ( shared connection via another phone or laptop ) as android does not support ad-hoc mode out of the box . disable the Avoid poor connections option under settings -> wi-fi -> menu -> advanced . on the same screen , switch the W-Fi frequency band from default " auto " option to the one your router uses ( 2.4 ghz vs . 5 ghz ) . check your router settings to ensure it is not filtering by mac address . if it is - either disable that option , or add your phone 's mac address to the list of allowed devices . check the settings on the wifi network on the settings -> wi-fi screen . long-press on the network you are trying to connect to , select Modify network , and check that the settings for security are correct . try re-connecting fresh . on the settings -> wi-fi screen long-press the network you are trying to connect to and select Forget network option . try re-connecting to it .
i found a reason of my problem . before installing android file transfer i installed kies . after installing aft i uninstall the kies . i understand that when i uninstall the kies uninstall usb driver too . so installed kies again and aft is working ! ! ! its really cool application !
did you try to set the usb connection mode to camera ( ptp ) mode or media device ( mtp ) mode ? might help to deinstall kies . the usb cable does work on another laptop/pc ?
i am looking for the same solution and the only thing i have come up with is the sonus connect . it sells for around $300 . have not tried it yet , but seems to fit what you are looking for . basically you would transmit audio from your phone to the sonus connect . the sonus connect would be wired to the amp and the amp to the speakers .
you can not boot a boot disk for a pc on on android device ( which is not a pc ) . if you want to install ubuntu , ubuntu needs to support your device , and if it does , you can find instructions and all the files you need to download on the ubuntu website . obviously as this is an android site and not an ubuntu site , we can not help you with ubuntu installation , nor if your device is not supported . there is also an app " ubuntu on android " which gives you an ubuntu userspace , but running as an app on top of android . again , we can not help you with that on this site .
there is no situation in which viber messages spontaneously delete themselves . viber does not update without your permission - and updating does not delete messages . if this occurred on viber for desktop , please ensure that the computer that you use is a private computer and no one but you can access it . additionally , you might consider placing a screen lock on your phone so that your applications are better protected .
pocketvm pocket cloud one of these should help you
i use business calendar . it also has a free version . the agenda widget scrolls up and down my touch-scrolling ( for lack of a better term ) , unlike under widgets where you need to click an up / down button to scroll ( like prodo ) . if you click on the adgenda widget , you can launch its calendar . the agenda widget also has an add button for creating new events .
agenda widget plus allows a user to do this easily . as far as full scale calendar app replacements go , give the excellent jorte calendar a try - it too has loads of widgets and many customizable settings .
use the bluestacks help in all apps , then when you launch it select the default android browser app . works great : )
yes , it is supported by ics or higher android versions . but , it is not easy to find an otg cable on the market . if you are like me and do not like waiting for ebay to have it shipped to you , here 's a youtube link to make one yourself . requires some experience
usb host mode was introduced with honeycomb ( android 3.1 , see changelog . this clearly explains why it failed on your gingerbread ( 2.3 ) device -- and also should answer your question whether it is supported by ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) and above : yes , it should work . as ov1d1u explained in his answer , it will require a " usb otg cable " ( otg stands for " on-the-go" ) . does fine on my cat stargate 2 btw : )
yes . i have a ( cheap ) tablet with android 4.0.4 and i use a physical usb keyboard with it . i just needed an usb otg cable , a standard usb cable will not work .
personally , i have found software solutions to this kind of thing to be more hassle than they are worth . do you mind if your devices are physically close to each other ? if not , i recommend a cheap hardware solution : 2 x 3.5mm stereo male / 3.5mm stereo female , 6 inch you could buy a 3.5mm extension cable to give yourself more flexibility if you need your devices a little farther apart . all of these kinds of cables are basically the same ; search around amazon , or your online market of choice , for the deal that fits you best .
to re-s-on an htc desire , you will need the following usb cable fastboot drivers installed , available here . android flasher and appropriate hboot images available here . optionally , an appropriate stock ruu , available here . either select the one for your carrier or use the ruu_bravo_htc_wwe_1.21.405.2_radio_32.36.00.28u_4 . 06.00.02_2_release_126984_signed . exe one . ok , now that you have your tools , now for the actual doing . extract all the files in the revert to stock zip . turn on usb debugging and plug in phone . either use the " click this . bat " file or run fastboot flash hboot engHBOOToverARX.img from a command prompt in the folder where you extracted the the revert to stock files . shutdown phone and power it back up holding the volume down button , then select fastboot . it should show you as s-off and using hboot 6.98.2000 fire up android flasher and select to flash the hboot . img file restart phone again . you should now be s-on . optionally , run the ruu downloaded above . this will put your phone back in completely stock condition , perfect for warranty claims , etc .
you can install cyanogen now , and in the event of an official update , go back to the stock rom . steps to install cyanogenmod in asus tf300t : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/install_cm_for_tf300t
broadly speaking , if you have a " usb " cable that only connects pins 1 and 4 then you will get power and no data ( best buy was selling cables like that as universal usb charging cables a while back , not sure if they still do ) . likewise , if you have a cable with only 2 and 3 , you will get data but no power . if you are curious , here 's a wikipedia page with the standard usb pinout . note : micro uses the same pinout as usb a .
i am pretty sure this is called trickle charging . it is basically useless in modern lion battery as the safety mechanism in the battery should have turned off the charging mechanism when the battery is near full capacity to prevent over charging , because over charging a lion battery could cause explosion .
you could simply use a bluetooth/wifi mouse app like premotedroid . there are a bunch of others , and generally speaking they just allow your device to be used as a mouse/keyboard input . if you can pair with your pc it should work , although i have never tried it myself ( i do use premotedroid to pair with and remotely control my xoom , though ; works great ) . another option would be some kind of vnc or remote desktop client , but that is not as lightweight and some of them do not support linux ( splashtop , for example , does not have a linux server , iirc ) .
i did end up using the paid app presenter . i liked the interface and the way it dominantly shows the presentation time .
google presentation remote is great and really easy to use on your android phone . it is dependent on the chrome extension " google presentation remote " .
i highly doubt you can tell nor force the system to charge to its maximum as that is the soc that is handling the battery current , in which the kernel is periodically polling to measure the battery charge . ( you could in theory mess with the values of the threshold within the kernel 's specific battery module , but that could have unintended consequences , possibly damage to the battery long term ! ) observing battery state power limit is subjective and debatable as to each and their own , depends on what they are using on their handset - you are not going to get a concrete answer out of that . : )
assuming you are certain these games are being installed as time goes on rather than merely being part of the myriad apps samsung preinstalls on all is phones , i would consider backing up your data and doing a factory reset although it is annoying . it sounds like there is some kind of malicious code that is installed on your phone and it could be doing worse things than installing games ( eg capturing your keystrokes ) . search google for how to back up your android phone - there are lots of guides . the factory reset will put your phone on the same condition it was in out of the box software wise . from then on be very careful about what you install , what webpages you visit and what email attachments you open . good luck !
i had a similiar problem . in my case it was the android emulator " bluestacks " . i connected bluestacks to my google account and ( automatically ) activated synchronising . bluestacks provided some games and installed them on my phone . long time i dod not know why this happenes but than i saw this sync seeting in bluestacks . maybe you hava similar problem . alternativly there are apps downloading other apps . there is an app checking if this happens . but unfortunately i do not remember it is name .
i do not know if they will work in this case , but maybe you could have a look at apps like auto bluetooth , bluetooth auto connect , automatic bluetooth toggle and many more ( just look for somethinig like auto bluetooth in play store ) . maybe there are some apps that can solve your problem . as far as i know , there is no real built-in way to enable that button .
there is no such thing on android 's menus , but since android is linux based you can run a few commands on adb in order to do that ( phones must be rooted though ) . if you have some knowledge with linux command line you may know ifconfig and iwconfig : ifconfig wlan0 up iwconfig mode auto;iwconfig wlan0 essid "your SSID" channel 11 mode auto ifconfig wlan0 10.0.0.x netmask 255.255.255.0  where your ssid should be replaced with the name of your adhoc network , and 10.0.0 . x is a different ip you give each device .
it might be possible with an app , but it is not built in . can not you create an ad-hoc network on a computer , then connect the phones ?
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
in google maps , you can save locations as favorites . they will eventually show up .
there is a couple of different things going on here . the latter part of your question , the laptop-to-pc issue , is likely as you suspect — because the laptop is on a separate lan from the desktops ( each router being its own local network ) , neither side can browse for computers on the other . you very likely could access the wired pcs from your laptop , if you connected to them directly by ip address . ( say , by entering \\192.168.12.34\ into the windows explorer address bar , if that was the ip assigned to one of your desktops . ) it is merely the browsing and discovery functions which do not work , since they are confined to the immediate lan . not being able to browse for the files on your android phone , though , is an entirely different issue : you can not remotely access the files on an android phone , because android phones do not do windows file sharing — at least not by default . most likely , with your stock phone as configured by the manufacturer , the only way to remotely access its files is over bluetooth from a paired computer . es file explorer knows how to speak windows file sharing as a client , so it is able to connect to the files shared on your pcs . but to go the other direction , you need to install an app on your phone that'll act as a windows file sharing server . i am sure there are several choices available in google play . ( however , you should think twice or more before doing something like that . opening up remote network access to your phone 's files carries serious hacking and privacy dangers . it is not something to undertake casually . )
use teamviewer , the best tool also for other things ( e . g . remote control of pc from android device ) .
i do not know if it will help but give a shot to airdroid , it let 's you transfer files from android device to pc , connected over the same network back and forth . if the problem is not so complicated , this thing will handle it .
use z-device test app . check the gps signal , camera , compass , accelerometer , microphone , speakers , wifi signals , bluetooth , gsm / umts , fm radio , display , battery , cpu , memory , vibration , usb , audio / video , operating system , light sensor , proximity sensor , temperature sensor , flash sensor , nfc near field comunication , barometer , the detection of navstar satellites in the constellation jointly and individually , . . etc . .
make sure that when you add a contact , the contact type is set to gmail . if it is set to phone then it will not sync to gmail and will stay solely on the device . contact type is the first field on add new contact and is set to phone by default .
when you have a htc droid phone with sense , it seems to be required to setup your htc sense account to be able to synchronize contacts between google or exchange and your cell phone . at least , that is a statement which is to be read when starting the sense setup app on your htc phone .
try the smart swf player app .
your browser should be able to open a swf directly if you have flash installed . if clicking on the file does not do it , then your file extensions for swf need to be set up , to associate swf with your preferred browser .
an important navigation mechanism in android is called a long press . you perform a long press by pressing and holding down a physical key or touch ( capacitive ) button . if the long press is successful , the phone will provide some physical feedback such as vibration , and the long press action will take place . you can use a long press to open menus that are specific to the active item - think of it like opening a context menu on a pc . for example , performing a long press on a song in the music player application in android 2.2 will open a menu that allows you to add or remove it from a playlist . to perform a long press that opens a context menu , press and hold the select key or the trackball . yes you can increase/ decrease the time duration of the home button under the settings> accessibility scroll down to mobility . select your desired time gap from the three -long/short/medium
try disabling google now and s-voice from app manager and see if still there is a delay . or use any app from store if there is no option of disabling them in app manager . comment if worked .
i did have the same problem ! but amazingly that was due to charge it with its original charger ! i was very frustrated with those ghost touches which cause my touch screen unresponsive . samsung dealer told me that its may due to its charger so after that i used to charge it with my tablet charger which was 1 amp same as the original . . . now it looks like the problem goes away ! cz those ghost touches used to appear after every 3 hours and my temporary solution was to lock and unlock but now it passed 30 hours but i did not noticed any thing ! hope everyone problem as simple as my one !
i had a phone that did this , the second i saw it going off on its own i would turn off the screen and turn it back on . the screen would recalibrate and it would work perfectly fine for a while . what really used to set my phone off would be when i got grudge on it like water , sweat or food . it always happened if i took my phone into the bathroom when i took a shower . try to wipe off the screen before turning it on . newer phones are better at detecting when you have grudge on your screen so it is not such an issue .
my opinion is the screen might be grounded with some metallic or conductive object inside the phone . probably a loosened part due to use . you can try to wave a strong magnet ( like neodymium ) at the back of the phone . data should not be affected anyway because flash chips are resistant to magnetism . but its still much better if you can get it repaired thru warranty .
android is not designed to let you control what is running and what not . a badly developed app can drain your power overnight . in such a case a reboot can improve the situation for a while . however if you encounter pre-installed apps running you never want to use you can disable them under settings -> apps . afterwards they can not be started anymore , neither manually by the user nor automatically .
the new version replaces the old version , just like upgrading to a new windows version or a new version of ubuntu on your pc . also , it is not the case that the kernel is the same for ics and jb . ics uses a linux kernel based on the 3.0.1 release , whereas jb 's kernel is based on 3.0.31 . android-specific patches to the kernel were also added between the two versions , to support new driver features . but you can downgrade a device to an older version if you have a rom image to downgrade to , whatever kernel versions they use . the only difference the kernel version makes is that if a device was not designed to support a particular kernel version , the manufacturer would have to supply device drivers for the target kernel in order to make a suitable rom .
had exactly the same issue . fixed it : set the router to automatically assign dns . turn off pc , router , android . turn on pc , router , android after 15 sec . everything works like before now ! : )
clean all the cache using all-in-one toolbox , and restart your phone . it worked for me .
you can also just hit your volume key , and hit the settings button that shows up on the right . you can turn the system volume up and down from right there .
try silent boot from the android market . it automatically mutes your phone when you shutdown .
in system -> sound and display -> system volume you can set it , unfortunately the power on/off sound is also tied to the touch feedback sound ( ie you press a button , hear a sound ) . if that is not a problem , turn it all the way down and problem solved . .
try sgs tools from the market . it has the option to mute startup and shutdown sounds , or set custom ones . note : works on a rooted device only .
a commonly recommended app for this is doubletwist . along with the desktop app it will let you import any itunes playlists , counts , etc . as well .
i will only say that the winamp player has ' rating ' from android in their ' to-do ' list . i am hopeful for this . i will second the op 's criteria for what i am looking for in android . at this point , i think winamp has the potential for really being the ipod/itunes combo killer . to make all of the above happen somewhat flawlessly , there needs to be a true " library " type sync , and not this reliance on the last . fm scrobbling . if it can keep a small version of a library on the phone , and use that to sync up to the main computer , it could be amazing .
mixzing , i believe , does both . at the very least , it supports " semi-smart " playlists generated according to your rating tracks .
i have not looked into it much , but perhaps you should check out winamp . they have an android player in beta now that supports wireless and usb synchronization to a pc that is also running winamp .
isync does this . they also have a wireless sync . lifehacker article unfortunately ( for me at least ) it uses itunes and i hate itunes , but it does work . i think i hated itunes so much i bought an android to avoid it , but now have to use it anyway because of the smart playlists . it is the only thing i have found that keeps smart playlists , playcounts , and ratings updated . everything you said you wanted . plus you already use itunes and seem to not hate it . i think isync could work for you . : ) you should be able to use the stock music player , mixzing , or a half dozen other popular other android players in combination with the sync app which pushes playcounts and ratings to itunes .
unless the firmware vendor has modified the function which checks the proxy bypass list , specifying ip address ranges in the list is not possible — all entries are compared like domain names . also the * wildcard is not supported , but is implied at the start of the domain name , as answered here ( still valid even for jb ) . so , if you want to use the builtin proxy support , you either need to list all required ip addresses explicitly , or , if your lan has a dns server , and all local servers are under some domain ( server.lan.example.com or server.local ) , add that domain ( lan.example.com or local for my examples ) into the proxy bypass list , then access local servers using dns names instead of raw ip addresses . alternatively , if you have a rooted phone , you can install a third-party proxy app such as proxydroid or autoproxy ; they should be more configurable than the builtin proxy support code .
i do not think it understands ranges in that notation , have you tried 10.* or 10.*.*.* ?
there is no such setting on android phones , but you can use the emulator for this . install the android sdk from developer . android . com and launch it . on the ddms view undet the Emulator control tab , you will find the following options : after you have created an emulator and ran it , you can set these values according to your preferences and test how different networks affect your site .
dhcpnak is a server message , it is invalid for clients to send it . sorry i can not be more helpful , not familiar with that particular router . i would recommend turning off encryption ( briefly ! ) and sniffing the dhcp handshake with e.g. wireshark and look at what is really going on . as an aside , dhcpnak generally gets sent ( by the server ) when the client requests renewal of an invalid ip , to trigger the client requesting a new address . check that you have a dhcp pool configured and that it has not been exceeded . still should not kick out that error , but something to check none the less .
it should be visible within " disk management " ( diskmgmt.msc ) in windows . from there you can create , delete , modify and format partitions .
afaik the most common standard here is fat32 ( which usually ships as format of the only partition with new cards ) . so using that , you should be on the safe side . on the other hand : if you have no plans using the card via a card reader on windows machines , you could also try ext3 or ext4 . both should be supported by cm ( and also most other roms ) , as with current roms extfs is used internally as well . for details , you might wish to check our file-system tag-wiki , which also links to more information .
you must be referring to mobile data . take note that using mobile data on the road will incur data charges per minute or per data size ( consumption ) , depending on your plan . in the samsung galaxy s4 , mobile data can be enabled in Settings &gt; Connections &gt; More networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Mobile data . see if you can find something similar for the samsung galaxy s . with this checked , you can now surf the internet using your phone .
in my phone , gmail allows to configure how many days are to be synchronized , and specific labels are allowed to sync either within that period or completely . these labels include inbox , starred , etc . but not all mail . i think they have not implemented all mail as an actual label , but if your phone has this day setting , i would assume it should work . a workaround while it is not fixed by the developers could be adding an equivalent custom label , such as # All Mail or Archived , and creating a filter in the web interface to apply that label to all of your incoming and outgoing mail . by starting the label name with a hash , you give it precedence in label listing .
as far as i know there is no way that you can limit the ability of the phone to edit content . that said there are many steps you can take to ensure that somebody will not be able to get to the stage where they can delete your content and dealing with it if it happens : setup a pin number on your sim setup a lock screen on your phone install an application like seekdroid and give it admin access so that you can remote wipe your phone if you lose it install two factor authentication on all accounts which support it ( google , dropbox , facebook certainly do atm . others may ) make regular backups of anything you would be lost without , and store those backups in the cloud or in multiple places do not use the same password more than once . i use lastpass to ensure that all my passwords are all over 20 random characters . you should really follow all of these steps - it adds a bit of overhead to some tasks , but i certainly favour the security over the convenience .
that is an issue for the cloud service providers ( google , dropbox , facebook , etc . etc . ) . suggestion : if they have so much storage , then only an elevated login should be able to permanently delete / re-password , etc . final thought : however , there is just as much havoc in all your information being disclosed ( copied , publicly released ) , as in it being deleted .
most probably the test is inconsistent . have you tried repeating the test at least 100 times to have pseudo-valid statistic results ? and are you sure the emulator is a valid platform on where to test such low-level things ? it may be optimised for the dalvik vm . best guess is to try it on a real device , like the new nexus 5 or waiting for the nexus 4 and nexus 7 updates .
the problem lies in the number of rows on the screen . on the screenshot in the question , there are six rows designated for shortcuts and widgets . if the number of rows is reduced to five the music widget comes out as it should : screenshot ( click for larger variant )
basically the proximity sensor gives 1 if it is covered , 0 if not . so you just want to use the state to detect it , then run a task for activating the password .
it is not an absolute answer , but if you go into settings , applications , manage applications . then press menu , select filter , and make sure that third-party is selected . anything in that list did not get onto your phone as part of the standard android install . they have either been added by your phone manufacturer , your phone network , or yourself . unfortunately some standard android apps show up in that list , if you have updated them from the market ( like google maps ) and a lot of manufacturer added apps do not show up . i have got a galaxy s too , but had a htc magic running stock android before . apps that i have spotted as obviously being modified/added by samsung are the music player app , camera app , contacts app , clock app , daily briefing , fm radio , video playermemo , mini diary , my files , samsung apps ( and everything listed in there ) , social hub , voice recorder , task manager . also a lot of the " look and feel " of the phone , including the way the 7 home screens , and the applications screens work has been added as part of samsung 's touch wiz interface . tl ; dr galaxy s has a lot of custom apps , easiest way to compare is probably actually to find someone with a stock phone ( like a nexus one ) and directly compare .
and the answer is pretty simple , use cp instead of mv )
usually , read-only memory is called internal storage , and the image of the phone 's firmware and os is the rom . ( that is how we do it on this site , anyways ) . so your internal storage is 2 gb , and your phone 's firmware and os is installed on that storage space . you can flash new kernels or entire roms ( kernel + other firmware + os ) as long as they fit on the internal storage . generally , this is not a problem ; you will not find a rom image for your phone that does not actually fit on your phone .
i cannot find any official documentation on this icon , but various sources across the internet suggest that it means you have " power saving " mode enabled on your device . it looks like this is specific to huawei 's devices , and can be disabled in your settings .
what you are referring to is called tethering - using the data connection of your phone to share internet connectivity to another device . look for tethering options in the settings > wireless menu or other locations in case your manufacturer has placed it elsewhere . failing that , consider using an app like foxfi or some other tethering app . also , a search on android . se reveals a number of similar questions - please use the provided functionality . here 's an answered question that might be relevant - can i use my android device as wi-fi dongle ( ie tethering to pc through usb , but using wi-fi not phone network ) ?
you want your android device to re-broadcast an existing wi-fi network to act as a Wi-Fi Repeater . technically , its possible from software layer , but such implementations are not available for android yet . you can do any of following things now : do it with pure linux way ( android is a linux distro ) using hostapd type software . installation and configuration would not be easy , by the way . share wi-fi internet using bluetooth dun . its the easiest way . i do not know what difficulties your pc bluetooth is facing , but try pdanet or open garden . turn off mobile data and do usb tethering . it starts to share wi-fi internet on some devices . its not universal method , but see if it works for you or not . you can also use pdanet for better usb tethering .
try going to settings-> language and input figure out which keyboard is active and look for the settings page for that keyboard . look for settings like : " predictive text " , " auto punctuation " , and " auto capatilize " if you have any of those settings ensure that they are turned off . once you have done that test again . if you wish to use some of these features it may be worth it to try flipping them on one by one and figuring out which is the actual culprit that is breaking your links .
i believe this is impossible . the headset requires power from the device . android versions before 3.1 state that they can not support powering the usb bus . from the developer guide : when the android-powered device is in host mode , it acts as the usb host and powers the bus . when the android-powered device is in usb accessory mode , the connected usb hardware ( an android usb accessory in this case ) acts as the host and powers the bus . usb accessory and host modes are directly supported in android 3.1 ( api level 12 ) or newer platforms . usb accessory mode is also backported to android 2.3.4 ( api level 10 ) as an add-on library to support a broader range of devices . device manufacturers can choose whether or not to include the add-on library on the device 's system image . unless there is a custom android os that supports usb host mode , i believe what i am trying to achieve is impossible
hmm , difficult problem your only bet is rooting ; and app like droidwall which is front end for iptables . and then you would have to add rule that states block any app that is running in background . that i am not sure how to achieve .
so today it worked for me all of a sudden . i think it was because i was no longer on my home wi-fi . i was on 3g data connection . i went through all the same steps and this time when i touched the tick mark , it installed and rebooted . for anyone else suffering from this , try taking your phone off wi-fi , waiting a few minutes to make sure it is fully connected to 3g and then try again .
i had the exact same problem . this is how i solved it : hold the button on the right hand side of the watch down until the screen goes off ( about 10 seconds ) . release the button . the watch " rebooted " and came up with system update message that said swipe left to install follow instructions on screen
kindle fire does not have phone support , camera support , maps and also some few hardware support . so when your are trying to install those apps it will show \u201cyour device isn't compatible with this version\u201d  solution : look for apps which are supported by the kindle fire and then you can download it via amazon store or google play .
the kindle fire does not support google play or jelly bean . i would guess that is the root of your problem . you are trying to run an application that does not work on a device with an os that it was not meant to run . edit : if you are attempting to install them via the market web page front end then you are only doing the latter of the above . either way though the official market does not support the kindle fire , you have to use amazons app store . which i suspect also may not work since you installed an unsupported os on your device .
as you have suggested , this is a samsung-only widget . you can easily find equivalents on google play if you want one ; perhaps you will even find something you like better than your old samsung widget .
that is a samsung-specific widget . i would suggest you to install other apps from play store with same functionality . you can give timely alarm clock a try .
use titanium backup , which lets you disable/remove apps like that . or , flash a new rom that does not include gapps , download a gapps package and remove the play store , then flash that modified package .
turning off your screen via widget is possible ( and several widgets are available for that ) . but turning on the screen cannot work that way , as to access the widget , it must already be turned on . of course you could use a lockscreen permitting widgets ( like c locker pro ) . an alternative is using tasker , and defining a corresponding profile : condition : headphone plugged task : disable keyguard this is the most convenient way , as you only had to turn on/off the screen via the power button . and apart from that , you get yourself a powerful companion for your device – just check the tasker tag-wiki and other questions using the tasker tag : )
ok , i finally found it . i need to click on " edit/modify " close to the e-mail addresses in the google account setting https://www.google.com/settings/ then the hidden nickname option appears . thank you for your suggestions .
change your nickname in your google account settings .
you can find your cached videos here : /data/data/com . facebook . katana/files/video-cache nb : to open that path , you will need your phone to be rooted and a root explorer
further to answer from @pratappatil who has given the android details . this is a convention in programming , specifically here java . the java tutorials package details give details and examples . with programmers worldwide writing classes and interfaces using the java programming language , it is likely that many programmers will use the same name for different types . in fact , the previous example does just that : it defines a rectangle class when there is already a rectangle class in the java . awt package . still , the compiler allows both classes to have the same name if they are in different packages . the fully qualified name of each rectangle class includes the package name . that is , the fully qualified name of the rectangle class in the graphics package is graphics . rectangle , and the fully qualified name of the rectangle class in the java . awt package is java . awt . rectangle . this works well unless two independent programmers use the same name for their packages . what prevents this problem ? convention . naming conventions package names are written in all lower case to avoid conflict with the names of classes or interfaces . companies use their reversed internet domain name to begin their package names—for example , com . example . mypackage for a package named mypackage created by a programmer at example.com. name collisions that occur within a single company need to be handled by convention within that company , perhaps by including the region or the project name after the company name ( for example , com . example . region . mypackage ) . for an alterative angle on this the stackoverflow quesion is around naming a hobby project . the nameing could be something like rossc.android.exampleproject since i do not have a domain of my own .
every android app has access to a file space in the /data partition that is private to the app . this is where the sqlite databases and user settings ( shared preferences ) reside . developer of the app does not have to worry about the naming convention or the location of the files they want to store as far as this private space is concerned . however , when it comes to storing data in sd card ( public space ) by an app the app needs to make sure that the folder created by the app is unique and not used by any other app or by the device user . android os ( androidmanifest ) identifies an app uniquely by their package name . which you can even find the playstore urls . example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dropbox.android therefore , developers choose to use these package names to create folders to avoid conflict with other apps . this way does not guarantee that there will be no conflict but it prevent it to a large extent . another reason is this : when user moves the the application data to sd card the data from the application 's private space is moved to the public space ( sd card ) . this private space is named in the following way:- example : /data/data/com . dropbox . android . so this is moved to /sdcard/something/com . dropbox . android
could it have created the shortcut on a different page of the home screen ? be sure to scroll left and right to check every page . if you still can not get that working , there is another method that should still work . go into the app drawer ( the list of apps from the home screen ) , then go to the widgets tab . there should be a widget there called bookmark . hold it to pick it up , and then drag it to where you like on your home screen . if you need more flexibility than that , my app showr lets you create a resizable home screen shortcut with a custom icon or image . you can use any picture you like for the shortcut , and have it open the web page you set or launch an app of your choice . it can even update the picture from the web automatically : for example , if the web app is a bug tracker , and it offers an image showing how many bugs are open , you might want to use something like that as the shortcut . download showr for free from google play
the app disk usage is not quite a file explorer , but it is ideal for seeing where your device 's storage is used . it shows a hierarchical view of directories by how much storage they take up . you can use it without root to show your external storage , or with root to examine the internal filesystem and apps ' private data .
es file explorer supports all your requirements . once installed , turn on the Root Explorer option from the side menu .
file manager ( explorer ) will support your requirements . for seeing the folder size you have to long press on folder and see details . it support root mode also .
you can try it in other modes than power saving . to make you phone in vibrate only mode , hit the volume keys till the volume bars come down and shows the vibrate mode . yes when on vibrate mode all notification via whatsapp or fb messenger will be via vibration only .
i was having the same problem with the vibration for my phone even when vibration was turned on for calls/texts/etc until i realized it was because the vibration intensity was turned all the way down . go to settings , click on sound , then click on vibration intensity and make sure it is turned up .
power saving mode ( by default ) turns off some vibration , but it should only turn off the " haptic feedback " vibration ( vibration when you touch certain ui controls ) . you can change that by going to settings , power saving mode , and unchecking " turn off haptic feedback " . that is the mode i run my sgs3 in all the time . to get vibration working for text messages , you also need to enable vibration in the settings of the Messaging app itself ( i am not sure which settings you were referring to when you said that you " went into settings and enabled everything that has the word " vibrate " in it" ) . to do that , go to the conversation list in the messaging app ( not an individual conversation ) , hit the menu button , then select settings . look for the " notification settings " section and check " vibrate " . to get vibration working for incoming calls , there is a similar setting in the Phone app . launch the Phone app , make sure you are on the Keypad , Logs , or Favorites tab , tap the menu button , select Call settings . then select Ringtones and keypad tones and select Incoming call vibration . the Device vibration will let you modify the vibration pattern used ( so you can tell an incoming call from a text message / email ) . to get to the Phone and Messaging apps : press the " home " button at the bottom of the phone ( the physical button in the middle ) . that brings you to your home screen . the touch the " apps " button ( it looks like 9 square white dots , and is usually on the lower right of the home screen ) . that will bring up a list of all applications installed on the phone . scroll through looking for an app named Messaging ( or Phone ) . the icon for the Messaging app looks like a white envelope with a yellow piece of paper coming out of it . the icon for the Phone app looks like a green square with a white phone receiver on it . tap the app icon , then follow the instructions for each app above to activate vibration for text messaging and incoming calls .
i also recommend a third party app , but i would recommend hello bc in addition to sending photos , it handles group text messages the best , another big issue with android text messaging in my opinion .
for some reason net10 is famous for this issue - happened to me too . i ended up using a free third party messaging app ( handcent works for me ) and i can send and receive picture messages now with no problems . download one of these messaging apps , and you will not really tell that it is not the messaging app that came with the phone originally ; they work and integrate that well .
we have encountered this problem on a previous project i was on , a big banking application . for added security we made the app to automatically log-out after five minutes of inactivity . we found it disturbing for the user that android os would still show your personal account info in the recent apps overview . this would be visible until you really closed the app , rebooted your android or returned to the app and exited it on a screen without any banking info . after quite some research we found out that android ( since ics , so android 4.0 and up ) is using the internal screenshot feature to capture the screen for use in recent apps . there seemed to be no user option available to prevent this , only the developer of an app can restrict this . you can ask the devs of zdbox to include this feature in their app or options by contacting them at service@zdworks . com just a heads-up : if a dev does this , then the screenshot goes full black . we decided to offer a placeholder image instead , so it does not look bugged to the average user , see bottom app in screenshot below . hope this info is still usefull to you ! : )
you could use audio manager ( actually a app hider ) to lock apps , i have had no issues with it , it closes apps when you navigate out of them ( press home or recents )
i found that by tweaking the following settings , the overall performance of my phone had increased . go to settings > developer options scroll down to Window animation scale and change the value from 1x to . 5x ( if you want faster performance you can turn this setting off ) . do the same for Transition animation scale and Animator animation scale . in order to reach these settings you must have access to Developer Options . on android 4.2 and newer , developer options are hidden by default . to access them , go to Settings > About phone and tap Build number 7 times . return to the previous screen to find developer options .
osmand is the perfect software for this . i just had to download it from market , then download new york maps from the app , and then disable the internet connection from settings . mapdroyd did the same , though , after i checked it out .
google maps 5.0 has an offline mode that will allow you to view maps without an internet connection . google is now caching large areas on android devices based on what areas they frequently search in google maps from their android phone or tablet . this means people living in new york city , for example , will always have local street and area maps content . but if that is not satisfactory , there is always mapdroyd : mapdroyd stores map files locally on your device using our highly compressed and efficient micromap format which is designed and optimized for embedded devices .
take a look at these two transit map apps : nycmate and nyc bus and subway map both include bus maps for each borough which are detailed enough to get you around and incredibly useful if you find you have walked too far and you really want to sit your way back home .
any file syncing service like google drive or dropbox should do the trick , i believe . install the apps on both devices and move the music files to a folder from within the apps .
i recommend google music if it is available in your country . it allows you to sync 20.000 music files for free . or even more if you pay .
dropbox is making it seem more complicated than it really is . unlike on the pc version of dropbox , the files you see in the dropbox app are not actually stored on your tablet . it is just a list of files you could download . when you view the file from dropbox , it downloads it temporarily into dropbox 's private storage area , and then temporarily gives the app you choose access to the file . just click " save to sd card " . that actually downloads the file to your tablet , and saves it permanently in a storage area that other apps have access to . after that , the image will show up in gallery , probably in its own " dropbox " album .
what i would suggest is that you flash your device with odin , your files such as mp3 , pictures and videos would be untouched , basically every file on the internal sd memory would be untouched , if you have your contacts synced with google you should be able to get it back . but this would void your warranty sorry i assumed you could boot into recovery or had hit a boot loop , this might not work but is worth a try , you could try clean the terminals on the phone and the battery ( i have had instances where my s2 just would not boot and this helped )
you can use either the way geff_chang suggested or use android service menus in the service menu , it is located at Software info -&gt; Phone info you can always use third party apps as well .
if an installation fails , the downloaded .apk might still be left in /data/local ( where the playstore app downloads it to ) . in that case , a simple boot should clear it up . as your device is rooted , you also could use a file manager to check that location , and manually delete the corresponding file . one more hint : to avoid the " insufficient memory " / " insufficient storage " error ( see : insufficient-memory , hover you mouse over the tag and select the " info " link for more details ) , which also might be responsible for failed installations , you will need at least 25mb free space on " internal storage " / " phone storage " ( that is , this amount should be available when the installation has finished ) .
try to clear your cache using an application like history eraser and to reboot all running applications using an application like fast reboot . this usually solves the problem . hope this helps !
any time if you connect your android mobile device to a laptop/desktop , you just switch over to " notifications " and select the option which is for connecting your mobile phone to devices . click on the ' connect to storage ' option .
your android box running sshdroid , just activate it . your linux box ( gui ) you can run any ssh ftp compliance ( nautilus , filezilla , etc . . . ) for ex . i use filezilla . . . just type on host : sftp://your . android . box . ip-address on user name : root on password : admin on port : 2222 just select " ok " button whatever appears on your screen . note : you must on the same subnet mask and class for it to happen . .
sshdroid does not need root , it is optional . every app can bind a socket on an not privileged port ( > 1024 ) . i am pretty sure that your ssh client parameters are wrong , the port especially . afaik you can not add the port via : to the hostname . try ssh root@ipofandroid -p 2222 instead . if you need more verbose output of the ssh binary , start it with -v , -vv or -vvv . this helps to figure out problems .
i find ourgroceries pretty good . syncs to web site and multiple phones so you can share lists with your partner or house mates . free version has ads but they are not too over the top .
http://cozi.com/ is pretty good too .
oh , i forgot about this . my brother came to me and jammed the jack in as far as it could physically go . the problem was fixed . . .
yes . file short cut app will help you to create short cut for files . it is an app to create a shortcut to open the file . you can choose any files such as images , videos , or pdf . note - you need a separate application that corresponds to the format so you can open the file . for example , pdf files can not be opened without pdf readers such as adobe reader . supports mp3 , mp4 , jpg , png , gif , html , pdf , txt , doc , xls , ppt
that strongly depends on the app used . unfortunately , since froyo ( android 2.2 ) the options " use location service " and " permit google to collect " are connected and undividable ( before you could chose them separately ) . so if an app uses the google framework 's location service to obtain position data , it will not work without that service enabled . if it accesses gps itself , it would work with or without . only way out of this trouble would be to root the device , and then use a permission protector like e.g. lbe privacy guard or pdroid privacy protection / pdroid manager , which let you decide on a per-app basis which app is permitted to access a service/certain data ( many possibilities here , not only location ) .
you did not explicitely mention it , but from the context i assume you are using a device with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) . with that , google " pimped " the dialer . phonearena writes on this in an article called google makes the dialer awesome again : this is why you want android 4.4 kitkat : i think the best new addition though comes in the changes to caller id , because that has been supercharged with google as well . now , any time you call a number , or receive a call from a number that can be matched to a google maps business record , google will show you that business name , and possibly a picture ( though that part of the feature has been a bit dodgy so far ) , instead of just the phone number . this means far fewer mystery phone numbers in your call history , and if you are like me , it means even more than that . ( emphasis mine ) also see android 4.4 kitkat dialer will add google+ caller id and enhanced search options for a second source , and androidpolice 's google does caller id : kitkat 4.4 matches numbers against google places , and starting in 2014 , google personal accounts for a third . if it is not that , you most likely have a callerid app ( pre- ) installed which does the same : matching numbers of incoming calls against some online database .
google play requires android 2.2 or higher . since your phone has 2.1 , it will not run . you will either need to upgrade android ( which may not be possible with your phone ) or sideload any apps you want to install from now on .
you can download from softpedia . before that , however , you will need to make sure you have selected the Unknown Sources for installing applications .
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
short answer is : you can not . the feature relies on a service called geocoding , which is done on google 's servers . the only possibility for this to be done locally would be to download the entire map data to the device and use that data to calculate the coordinates from an address . this is a resource and space consuming task ( for example , openstreetmap has a dataset of 370gb ) , and not suitable for mobiles . a workaround would be to save the coordinates themselves as a street address in the form latitude,longitude , e.g. 62.244858,25.758712 in addition to the regular address and use this " address " to show the map . the catch is , you had still have to use a geocoder to resolve the address to coordinates . all address fields are sent to google to be resolved , that is why the workaround i suggested is invalid .
i finally figured it out , here 's how i did it : even though adb can not get root , and the phone it is self can not get root , as it turns out , there is in fact one more way to clear the cache without fully booting the phone . turn the phone off make sure you have fastboot working on your computer press the power button on the phone and then hold down the volume down button until you see fastboot , then hit the volume up button . open a terminal window , and type the following sudo su fastboot erase cache  and ( apparently ) voilà ! the cache is cleared ! !
that is unlikely to be possible . dalvik cache is stored in /data/dalvik-cache , and doing an ls -l /data ( as root ) shows : drwxrwx--x system system 2013-03-29 14:54 dalvik-cache  as you can see , it is owned by user system of the group system , and all other users only have " execute " permission ( i.e. . they are only permitted to change into that directory ) . digging a little deeper with ls -l /data/dalvik-cache shows e.g. : -rw-r--r-- system app_17 6416640 2013-03-02 00:28 data@app@com.google.android.apps.maps-1.apk@classes.dex  all files in here are again owned by system , which is again the only user with write permission ( i.e. . also the only one who could delete files ) . the app corresponding to each .dex file is represented as group ; but as all " other " users , only has read-permissions . conclusion : only root can delete stuff here -- be it from a regular shell or via a custom recovery like e.g. clockworkmod . or via a factory-reset , of course . . . one thing you could try , though , is booting into safe-mode . if any user app is causing the trouble , the device should boot up fine ( as all user apps are skipped in safe-mode ) . a second suggestion is to attach your device via usb and try to capture a logcat ( via adb logcat ) to get some more hints on what could causing the trouble . this would of course require usb debugging to be enabled . in case it was not yet enabled , you might be able doing so from safe-mode ( i am not sure about this , as i have never tried ) .
do this : sdk/platform-tools/adb shell and reboot your phone .
just type it in once , click it , and save it . done . you can also go to settings > language and input > personal dictionary and add your words from there .
no , there is no way to rerender a photosphere . it loses the original data after rendering . even after crashes .
not a full answer ( came here looking for an answer myself ) , but here are a couple of partial solutions i figured out so far , perhaps someone else can improve upon these . first of all , temporary files for the last few photosphere sessions can be found under /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.gallery3d/files/panorama_sessions/ . you can extract these out and use an external program such as hugin to stich them . i tried this on a couple of photospheres and though they did not come out great , i have at least something instead of nothing . i kept the files around and looking around for a good guide on using hugin . i was able to trick photo app to reprocess them , but it did not produce desirable result . this is what i did : i connected the phone to my laptop and went into the directory where the session files are ( via adb shell ) . i identified the directory for my previous session while the camera is still connected to the laptop , i started taking a new photosphere , took a couple of snaps identified the directory for the new session copied all files from old session directory to the new session directory ended the photosphere to trigger a processing . the photo app did process the old images , but it does not reread the session.meta and orientations.txt and instead uses the data from the new session ( must be cached in memory ) . the result is that you do not get a full photosphere , unless you complete the photosphere in the new session also , which i do not mind doing in the interest of saving the photosphere , except that i realized i had to capture the new photosphere in exactly the same sequence as before or the resultant image will all be out of place as it would be stiched in the wrong order . ideally , if there is a hidden task in the photo app to invoke the rendering , we should be able to trigger it on the old sessions folder , but i do not know where to begin .
there are quite a few galaxy tab roms on the xda forums , here , most of them with instructions on how to do it .
you can use adobe reader to highlight your text while you read and add bookmarks . there is an app called iannotate pdf as well . but it seems tat the bookmarking frature is not available for this app .
the problem is with stock keyboard app/service . it can not be fixed by normal means . simply , use third-party soft keyboard apps viz . swiftkey , go keyboard ex , a.i. type keyboard , hacker 's keyboard etc .
i have searched for the same thing , and unfortunately , have not come up with much of anything . what i have settled for is turning off auto-rotate , and only using it for apps where i really need rotation . i do recall there being an app which allows setting auto-rotate on and off on a per-app basis . i believe it is called smart auto-rotate .
part of what jlehenbauer wrote is correct in that adw only gives you an option to have auto rotation or to keep your home screen in portrait or landscape mode . depending on how many home screens and what widgets and types of widgets , folders etc you have on your homescreen it will determine the amount of memory your home screen requires and how long it takes to refresh it when it rotates between landscape and portrait and thus how quick it does it . the iphone does not have widgets ( the main cause ) and thus it is quicker at doing this . due to some widgets htc sense actually locks the home screen in portrait mode and does not allow you to change it . currently i am using go laucher where i have experienced what you say - the home screen refreshing on orientation , however as stated you can speed this up by removing widgets , especially any scrollable ones . try setting up one of your home screens as blank , and then see how much faster it will switch between the two states . the only time i have sensitivity options and more than just portrait , landscape or auto for the home screen is on a cyanogen rom . however you would be looking at rooting . i have not checked out every launcher app available , so its possible you might find a better alternative . in regards to app killers - no longer necessary unless you have a rogue app ( in which case would seriously suggest removing it full stop ) , all they do is drain your battery .
really the only things you could do is lock the rotation of the screen from the " settings/display " menu , so you would not have to deal with rotation , or start freeing up space on your device . this process will be taken care of by the available memory , so if you have a lot of things running , it will be sluggish . the iphone was speedy at this previously because it did not have the ability to run things in the background , and since gaining this ability has found a similar stumble . a good appkiller will help , and i find deleting old , unused apps every now and then helps system speed .
i followed this guide rooting mine : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1773659 i started at step 1 . how to install twrp or cwm : on stock firmware or custom roms - gb , ics and jb the guide even has a section for troubleshooting odin errors . be careful with odin . when you are editing your bootloader . you can brick your device if you do it wrong , and then your only option is jtag repair , which will cost you ~$50
i recently installed cyanogenmod on a galaxy note 8 . what worked for me was to copy cyanogenmod to an microsd card . then with microsd plugged into phone , boot the clockwork , and install from sd card . hope that helps ! !
total noob with this stuff myself , i have been reading around , some applications given access like admin ( ? ) , will have been allowed to install in critical locations to do the special tricks they do . to fully remove these applications the special permission change made has to be disabled by the program first , then the program itself can be uninstalled . if the program was allowed ( the special permission ) to make changes to critical section , then removed without the permission , it is possible for critical changes to be left . ( source : fails done by commenters in google play store ) anytime these high permissions are allowed , and these changes made , it should be turned back off first in the program , prior to uninstalling the program , or unexpected things could occur . it is possible that a cool trick software has been installed , and forgotten , or not un-installed properly . maybe an app that turns the screen on or off based on sencors or cameras , or phone or messages , like the proximity , or a shake , docking ? that the application has made changes , or even changes to more critical areas . lock screen app , lock screen customiser , launcher , special trick home changes , there are hundreds of less documented tricks . there are " safe mode " ways of getting into the phones which keeps 3rd party items from operating , the stackexchange-url android site has lots of information on it . also the search of stackexchange-url bootloop . we know you do not have a boot loop , but you still cant do much when this happens , so some of the boot loop information could be applied , which is this safe mode . different phones use slightly different methods for getting into the safemode , adding to the fun , finding an expert with the same phone might be a thing to do if you wanted to access safe mode .
pressing and holding the phone 's power button for a few seconds might do the trick . it switches off my android phones .
that is possible . just create a filter where mails from the adress xyz immediately will be deleted . as soon as you want to receive the mails again just delete the filter . ( when you create a filter in the gmail web interface the filters take effect everywhere ; on your galaxy , too . )
in the api it is described that the battery percentage is calculated by dividing the current level with the maximum level . this can be seen in the quote below . this leads me to believe that batterymanager . extra_level is either measured in milli amps hour ( mah ) or a value between 0-100 . this is a simple approach and not the answer that i hoped to find but it is an answer never the less . now i just need a official source that states the answer . : ) determine the current battery level in some cases it is also useful to determine the current battery level . you may choose to reduce the rate of your background updates if the battery charge is below a certain level . you can find the current battery charge by extracting the current battery level and scale from the battery status intent as shown here : int level = batteryStatus.getIntExtra(BatteryManager.EXTRA_LEVEL, -1); int scale = batteryStatus.getIntExtra(BatteryManager.EXTRA_SCALE, -1); float batteryPct = level / (float)scale;
i have a samsung charge , and was able to disable the annoying " battery full " notification by using tasker . as others have stated , the tasker solution i used is not specific to disabling only the batteryfull notification when reached , but it does limit the amount of time notifications are disabled and when . what i did with tasker : contexts-power , time between 11p-6a , battery between 99-100% . . . task - disable notification contexts - power , time between 11p-6a , battery full . . . task - enable notification . this should limit the amount of time notifications are disabled to only a few minutes , since it only takes that long to charge the battery from 99 to 100% .
since updating my sgs from 2.2 to 2.3 , i no longer get the charged notification sound , so i am assuming they fixed the issue .
try sound manager . schedule volumes of types of sounds with it ( 6 categories ) . switch off notification ( battery full , e-mail notification etc . ) volume from 12 to 7 while leaving untouched ring and media volumes and you are all set . works on my brandnew samsung galaxy s2 . slept well last night without a disturbance ! i used to swich to buzz only before going to sleep and to remember to switch it back to ring in the morning . sleep well !
you could use ' gravitybox ' ( xposed module ) that has an option for exactly that ! ( under power tweaks-> battery charge sound tick ) for information on how to install it , view a similar post here
set the global notifications to silent . set the notification on messaging to any ringtone ( not default ) . repeat ( 2 ) for any other app you want notifications for . you will still have a tone when you 1st plug the phone in to the charger , but no tone when it is fully charged . of course , this is not a perfect solution since you need to manually set every other app , and presumably some will not have individual notification settings .
from what i can find , there is no way to turn it off : no solution in the samsung galaxy s forum no solution in the vodafone forum tasker can not suppress it however , one commenter notes
i stumbled upon this question because i want to recharge my phone at night next to my bed . therefore , i do not want it to wake me , but setting the phone to silent does not solve it , as i want to be reachable for emergency calls . my solution ( which is not strictly a correct answer to the question , but might solve the problem for most people ) was using the app " night ringer free " , which enables me to enter a whitelist for calls/sms , however , all other sounds are silenced .
from the xda developers forum , i have implemented this solution successfully on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( with gingerbread . ei22 and also gingerbread . el30 ) , which has eliminated the " battery fully charged . unplug charger " notifications from my phone . the solution offers the following three features : stops the vibration . silences the sound . prevents the screen from turning on in the middle of the night . best of all , you may choose to implement any ( or all ) of the three features above . good luck !
i know it is not perfect but i use an app called " nightstand bold " and click the " mute notifications " . i use this as my clock when i sleep . this does also silence sms but i do not mind generally . it will not silence alarms though . anyway i hope this helps .
i do not want to steal from @martin sherburn , but this app that he recommended in a comment does the trick for me . it does not keep the screen from lighting up , but it does silence the notification .
i found something in these forums that involves rooting your phone to accomplish this task . keep in mind this is specifically for the droid charge . however , you may be able to apply it your phone . the basic principle involves rooting your phone and changing some system sound files with root explorer . there was another answer that involved rooting your phone and installing a custom rom , but i would wager that this is possible without the custom rom . installing the custom rom is the much more difficult step in my opinion ( although i have personally done it ) .
t-coil is a function of the phone hardware . it requires the speaker to be rigged in a specific manner to allow it to inductively couple with the coil in the hearing aid , though there exist telecoil adapters such as the music link for devices without such support . you can often find listings of what devices offer what kind and level of support for hearing aid compatibility on carrier sites , such as these listings from at and t and verizon . the ctia also has a more general database ( though it seems to be experiencing issues at the moment ) for finding devices with all types of accessibility features , including hearing aid compatibility , as well as information on accessibility services offered by carriers , and more . the global accessibility reporting initiative operated by the mobile manufacurers forum offers a similar service , though more global in scope , for finding devices with accessibility features the m and t indicates whether it supports acoustic coupling ( which tinkers with the sound to allow a hearing aid to pick it up more easily ) or telecoil respectively and the number indicates how good the support is , on a scale of 1 to 4 , with 4 being the best ( though ratings of 1 and 2 are pretty much never seen ) . as a general rule , telecoil is just about always better than acoustic , regardless of the numbers for each .
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
you can use the nexus factory images to upgrade your phone to android 4.4 ( now 4.4.2 ) . to do this have a look at this question .
there are several apps you might check ( ordered best recommendation first ) : moon+ reader pro is the best ebook reader i know . support for the important formats ( txt , html , epub , pdf , umd , fb2 , chm , zip -- pdf only in the pro , said to be the fastest pdf renderer on android ) , plenty libraries pre-configured to download books from ( you can add your own sources ) , great support , and more . just no drm ( yet ; as adobe did not answer to the developers requests ) . my clear recommendation for this one . aldiko book reader supports epub , pdf , drm -- and also can access online sources mantano reader supports epub and pdf , available in several versions , supports drm go book supports epub , txt , umd , pdf and fb2 ( drm/catalogs support : unknown to me ) there are some more on the playstore , but not all are recommendable ( and some may have escaped my notice ) .
amazon has just updated their kindle app to offer a two column layout for tablets . i was thrilled that they did this . google pay book reader has that two page layout and i really preferred that on my tablet . kindle app will also read pdf files . i do not think it will do epub but there might be a converter out there to make it into kindle format . there are several places to find good free kindle books . i rarely pay for a book anymore .
you can import/upload them : uploading the pdf/epub file ( s ) to your library go to my books click on ' upload file ' in the top right corner . choose the file ( s ) you wish to upload . getting the pdf/epub files in you app go into your google play books app . click on the button on the top left ( 'read now ' or ' my library' ) . select ' my library ' . click on the button just underneath it ( 'all books' ) . click on ' uploads ' . click the android menu button . click on ' refresh ' when you try to open the file , you may be prompted to download it .
usually this space is taken up by various things that come with the device , like resources for the os , built-in apps , and just disk information . even formatting an 8 gb sd card will only get you 7.49 gb . that same logic would leave you with 30 gb , the rest is most likely the os , and various system resources .
the 32gb are in 1000byte = 1kb logic , and the 25gb should be in binary logic , so 1024byte = 1kb . which gives at first a " loss " of about 2gb : 32gb = 29,8023gib the rest of the space is mostly the android system , reserved space for cache etc . . . one small part will be the journal of the ext file sytstem which is used instead of yaffs . so arround 200-400mb i think will be covered by the ext journal . you have the same problem with harddisks too . the firms write it in decimal logic but the operating system does it in binary . some operating systems nowadays also write the correct gib or mib or kib but not all . . .
this warning is only meant for people to not turn off the device during the flashing process . if you did not start flashing an image to this tables , and do not plan to - it is perfectly safe to power off the tablet . holding the power button for around 10 seconds should cause the tablet to turn off . you can then turn it on normally again , without touching the volume buttons .
if by " downloads available " you mean a os upgrade , that is because those are not official releases , and since kies is an official samsung application they do not provide unofficial releases . currently , the last official release for the samsung galaxy s is android 2.2 froyo . if you are referring to " official releases " and your os is &lt ; 2.2 , then you can have some variant system , for which there is no firmware upgrade , or you can have some problems with a not-up-to-date kies version . also , check this thread out !
because the updates that kies offers you depend from whom and where you bought your phone . if you bought the phone in a shop , you purchased normally a country or region specific version . these versions get the update from samsung one by one . for the galaxy s you can lookup the release status here . if you purchased your phone together with an carrier contract , chances are that you have an branded firmware . then it is the carrier decision when to release an update . you normally also get a reduced set of functionality on branded firmware , like disabled tethering . the firmware images that you find on the net are mostly leaked pre-version of the upcoming update .
it looks like a whatsapp problem . your best bet would be to raise this concern with whatsapp themselves . there is no guarantee that they had fix it , but this is not google / android issue either ( from a general perspective ) . developers should follow " best practices " when developing android apps . update 2013-10-07: this issue has been discussed in xda , and it is because of how whatsapp handles notifications ( no specific details given ) . in that thread , there is a possible solution using the light flow app .
no idea why it is doing it , but you could stop it by changing the permissions on the host file to read-only . to set a file to read-only , log in as root via adb ( or use the terminal application and log in as root ) and then enter : chmod 444 &lt;path-to-hosts-file&gt; if you need to edit it again later on , enter : chmod 644 &lt;path-to-hosts-file&gt;
the short answer is that the nexus phones are the most updateable - not only do they get more updates then the other phones , but they also get more support from the community in general . case in point , though google has announced that the nexus one will not get ics , cyanogenmod will be providing it . other then the nexus phones , i think it is best to stick to the high volume devices , particularly the flagship devices that are sold in many countries . these are much more likely to get the attention necessary to push the manufacturer to release updates and to release the drivers . and finally , you can look at the cyanogenmod list of supported devices . i tend to check this list before buying or recommending a new device .
the htc one 's camera has bigger pixels than the regular phone cameras ( "ultrapixels" ) . when you use your camera in low light , it tries to draw more light from the sensor , so the image looks brighter . the " purple " issue is caused by bad heat insulation of the camera sensor from the rest of the phone , so when you try to take a photo the heat can cause distortion of the data the image processor chip collects from the sensor and converts to digital image ( when you open the camera app it puts the screen brightness to max , so even this can cause the phone to heat up ) . when you use the camera in low light the image chip relies more on the sensor to collect more light , so this might cause only low light pictures to be affected ( especially the color black , where the sensor tries to deliver as much light possible and there just is not one , as it is dark ) . when you take a photo in normal light ( or with flash ) there is enough light and the sensor does not try to replace the color black with purple . the damage to the camera sensor caused by heat seems to be permanent and if it is in an early stage it can be fixed by a software update which just calibrates the image chip to ignore the " purple " image data . but , as you stated , this is a hardware issue and if the software update does not fix it , the phone should be sent to a repair center for the sensor and the insulator around it to be replaced . as of november - december 2013 the new sensors are made by a different manufacturer and lack the issue . source : the forum thread at xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2317507 and personal experience with my htc one m7 .
your server has to be able to communicate with the phone somehow to send the wipe message , either by a phone network connection , or if it is connected to one of its saved wifi connections . not 100% sure about the android implementation , but normally the message will queue up and be received when the phone comes into coverage . the phone also has to be switched on at some point , or it'll never be received . this is a limitation of all phones that have remote wipe capability ( eg windows phone , blackberry , etc ) . it can not send the signal by magic !
if it were me , i would remove apps one at a time to see if that made the problem go away . i realize this is a huge pain .
there are two possible reasons : a . something is wrong with your hardware . unlikely since you are saying putting device to sleep and resuming fixes this problem for a while . b . something is wrong with your software . most probably it is misbehaving third-party software . you can try to diagnose this as following : visit " developer options " under settings , and enable the following : 1.1 show touches - you will see if your touches are registered on os level at all . 1.2 show cpu usage if you see that your touches are registered , but cpu usage is high , try the following options , also under debugging : 2.1 show all anrs 2.2 do not keep activities 2.3 background process limit : no background processes setting " show all anrs " may point you to a misbehaving background process . and disabling background activities may help you understand if the problem is a background process at all . the settings above are useful only for debugging , disable them as soon as you fixed this issue , as they may interfere badly with legitimate software that needs to run in the background . install android sdk on a computer , connect your phone and use " adb logcat " to see a logging trace of your phone . it may provide invaluable insight into what is going on behind the scenes there .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
i also contributed a lot of time to the adb problem . ( galaxy p7510 vs win7 64bit ) after struggling with non-offical drivers , android_winusb . inf , 64bit jdk , and even having virtualized a 32bit os . . , finally i found a work-around ! just come back to share with anyone concerns . reference : connect to android with adb over tcp the above instruction requires a pc which can adb to your tablet over usb . better work-around is root your device firstly , and then download a adbwireless utility , so you can switch your tablet to adb tcp mode even without usb connection at all . hth !
first got to the driver installation settings . it should ask you if you want windows update to automatically install your drivers . choose " no " ! ( you will be turning it back on when done so do not worry . ) second go to system properties and in the upper left click on advanced system properties . click on environment variables and create a new one . you want your variable name to be devmgr_show_nonpresent_devices and the value to be 1 . third head to the device manager and under the view tab check " show hidden devices . " now uninstall all the android related drivers , especially the ones whose icons are gray . restart your computer but do not change your settings back yet ! instead open a command prompt window in the folder that houses the android drivers ( . inf files ) you wish to manually install . now copy the following and paste it into the command prompt and change the part at the end that reads &lt;file&gt; to the name of the driver .  rundll32 syssetup,SetupInfObjectInstallAction DefaultInstall 128 .\&lt;file&gt;.inf  if your mouse spins for a second and your desktop icons flash it is a successful install . you get a message if it is not . repeat for all drivers . change back your device installation settings to " yes " and go about your business cause we are done here ! now you can attach your phone to your computer .
my question is is there a way to force a particular android apps for android version below 4 to run in the background when the phone is sleeping ? it depends on the app . if it can run in background , just press Home button , or open any other app ( i.e. . : without exiting this app ) , it will be running in background . i should be able to call those android apps that i specific to run in the background to come to the foreground for me to interact with . just open that app again ( i.e. . : switch to that app ) . it will start working in foreground again .
it is up to the developer of an app to specify what it should do in the background . apps have two kinds of component . ( actually , there are more kinds , but they are irrelevant to the question . ) the first , activities , can display on the screen , and can only run in the foreground . however , when you leave an activity with the home key , it gets an opportunity to save its state , so when you next run the same activity , it can appear in the same state you left it . ( for example , an email app might display the same email you were looking at before , instead of going back to the inbox . ) the second kind , services , run in the background , and do not display on the screen . they have to be written in a different way to activities , to make sure they do not run down the battery , and they have some control over when they start and stop running . if an app does not save its state , or gives an error when you come back to it after using a different app , you should report that to the developer of the app , so they can fix the bug .
in short , you are correct . disabling in-app purchasing completely via In App Purchasing option makes password-protecting under the Parental Controls settings redundant . it is definitely confusing , and could have been better accomplished by having just one setting with 3 options : disable , allow , allow with a password . it is possible that these two settings used to work differently on older versions of this app , and developers decided that keeping the settings separate would be less confusing to existing users than combining them .
there is a lot of apps for kids , where you can set a mode and only allow certain apps on child mode and you being an adult administrator can unlock other apps , i have used one called kids shell it got the job done for me
how do i password protect uninstalling apps from the play store ? this is not possible as of today . i have seen a few apps to help me along , but they do not protect from the play store being launched from inside a game through a commercial for example . such behavior is not made explicitly available to third-party apps , the ones that do exist today can only go so far in providing an " app-locker " . how do i password protect either the entire play store , or the removal of apps ? you can not , at least not in a way that accounts for all scenarios . you may keep searching for " app-locker " apps that attempt to do this and hope you find one that fits your needs . have you tried paranoid android 's lockit instead of going down this route , i would recommend you setup multiple user profiles on the tablet ( the assumption here being your tablet is running android 4.2 or greater ) . in a multi-user scenario , if one user uninstalls an app , it is only uninstalled within their profile . you may read more about it here
you can identify the app responsible by long-tapping the notification and clicking " app info " on the pop-up menu .
against common sense , google and htc decided that the dock and n1 phone would use a proprietary method to set up the bluetooth connection . but if you can work around that annoyance , it is still a simple bluetooth connection . here are the steps http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=43401809postcount=25 ( i will not copy here because i am on mobile . anyone feel free to edit it ) it involves using the linux shell on your n1phone . sorry if you can not do that i doubt there is a solution . ( i may write an app if a see myself doing that often tho : ) as a final lesson , do not buy stuff from those companies again if you want standards , convenience and interoperability .
stock gallery is a system app which can not be disabled if you are not rooted . titanium backup pro can freeze it , but only if it gets root access . rooting will violate your warranty , but you can always get your warranty back after un-rooting device . there is no way for anyone to catch you after that . in case , you are unable to find an un-rooting method , you can flash original firmware . its the ultimate solution . so , you can go ahead to root your device .
you can use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / go launcher etc . all of these have options for hiding apps from the app drawer . unfortunately , the gallery app will still appear in share and send to menus in various apps . no way around that . if you would rather certain folders remain invisible to the gallery app , place a blank file named .nomedia in the folder to keep it from being displayed in the gallery . unsure if quickpic will also have same functionality .
although the number that is making the call ( initiated ) is a random number , be assured the number that shows on their caller id is your google voice number , unless you have a different setting in your voice . google . com set up or on your phone . i noticed mine did this too when i called out from my phone the other day , but my client saw my gv number chad
your best bet would be to reflash the rom , since system reset only clears the user data , it will not restore system apps . a quick google search revealed this tutorial on how to reflash stock rom : how to flash original firmware on the lg optimus one p500
as long as your google account still is configured on the device ( and the latter is connected to either wifi or the mobile network ) , the simplest solution would be to visit the google playstore , log in with the same account you are using on your android device , chose an alternative launcher app ( e . g . holo launcher ) , hit the " install " button , and approve its permissions . a few minutes later , the app should be installed on your device -- and you again have a working home-screen . there is a big mis-conception about factory-reset , as the name is misleading : it will not reset to " as shipped from the factory " , but simply remove all settings and user-installed apps -- so it looks like " fresh from a factory " . for details , see the factory-reset tag wiki .
assuming this is google books , this behavior should not carry on past these few books . alice 's adventures in wonderland , great expectations , and pride and prejudice are downloaded by default , to give a feel for the program and some reading examples . no additional books will be downloaded without your telling the application to do so .
haha i too just had the annoying google downloading books taking up space on my droid , here 's how you delete them , to delete a book in your collection of books ( including these automatically downloaded books ) , select the menu icon located alongside any book in your collection then select delete from library ( problem solved ! hahaha ! google we do not want these books forced upon us ! ) . i found this info here : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2851658?hl=en-gb
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
afaik not much other than the frequency bands they operate on : st17i : ( i = international version ) dual-band umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a : ( a = american version ) tri-band umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900
i had the same issue with my nexus 4 and its definitely a hardware issue for sure . . . avoid factory reset and rebooting of your phone becoz it wont change anything . . but on a temporary basis u can put the display setting of auto rotate on and when there is issue to swipe in portrait you can auto rotate your screen in landscape through an app swipe it and three four time down and then it would start working in portrait form also .
this is a hardware issue most likely . the only way to solve this would be to send the device back to the manufacturer .
have you tried moving your apps to the sd card ? go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Downloaded tab then tap on any 3rd-party app and then tap on the Move to SD card button ( if available . ) this should move most of the app to the card , thus freeing up space on the /data/ partition . not all apps support this method , but do try it on the largest space hogs like flash player and adobe air , for example . unfortunately moving apps to sd card this way does not touch the apps ' cache or dalvik cache . to move those you had need the old-school " apps2sd " hack . the basic idea is to re-partition your sd card and create a 2nd partition with ext2/3/4 format . the contents of /data/ folders are moved to the sd card 's ext partition and the phone 's internal memory is therefore freed up . then a script is added to android which mounts this partition at boot time and links /data/app , /data/app-private , /data/data , and /data/dalvik-cache folders to their corresponding locations on the sd card 's ext partition . there are some apps on the market that automate this ( except re-partitioning the card , which you will need to do manually . ) try link2sd or simple2ext for example . of course make sure you have a nandroid backup of your phone before trying anything . there are obvious pros and cons to this method . the pros are the ability to greatly extend the phone 's storage for apps , while keeping the internal memory relatively free . the cons are inability to cleanly un-mount and remove the sd card ( since the apps are mounted on the 2nd partition that the os is not aware of , ) and possible slow-downs in launching apps depending on the speed of the card . there sd card will also be subjected to more wear and tear , since it will be used by the system for reading/writing more than usual .
the answers to how do i copy pictures onto a folder on the home screen ? provide a couple methods of creating shortcuts ( it requires another file manager ) . as well , the root explorer file manager allows you to set the default path when it opens ; you could set it to the path of this folder , so you would not need to browse to it .
native google apps do not use password ( which you entered before activating 2-step authentication ) everytime to log in . they only need it for the first time . after the first authentication , an Auth. Token is downloaded which is used for subsequent logins . as this auth . token is not your main password , verification code is not required at all . so , your apps continue to work without asking anything . to invalidate this auth . token , you will have to change your main password . do it and you will be asked to enter password in android device . and , this time , your main password would not work . you will have to generate and use application-specific password . native google apps do not prompt for verification code . they only seek passwords which would let them authenticate .
the fact that your tab is not being recognized by the pc is telling me that there could be an issue with the usb drivers . try uninstalling all samsung usb drivers ( including the kies utility ) and then re-installing kies from here . further , if you want to only root the tab , follow the steps outlined in this thread : prerequisites : 1 ) kies software downloaded from here and installed , and tab connected even once 2 ) usb debugging enabled 3 ) superonceclick downloaded from here process : 1 ) connect your galaxy tab with debugging mode disabled and sync with kies even once 2 ) disconnect it and enable debugging mode from settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging 3 ) connect the tab again to pc and click on home button so that tab comes out of kies connection 4 ) launch superoneclick . exe 5 ) click on root and wait for 5-10 mins if you want to install custom roms like cyanogenmod for example , you will need to flash a custom recovery first by following the steps in this post : download odin from here and extract it to a folder on your desktop . download the custom recovery from here launch odin3 v1.7 . exe to open the odin application . on odin , click on pda . navigate to the location where you have downloaded cf-root-tab7_xx_oxa_jq1-v3.3-cwm3rfs . tar to from above and select it . this is the most important instruction ever and we really can’t stress how important this is . make sure that the re-partition tickbox is unchecked ! ! ticking this is a surefire way to brick your device . power down your p1000 . with the device powered down , press and hold the volume down + power buttons until the device boots into download mode . connect the device to your windows pc using a microusb cable . odin should now recognize your device and the id:com should light up yellow . click on start . again , make sure that re-partition is unchecked ! ! download your favorite rom ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) . copy the downloaded rom zip file to the sd card on your device and disconnect the device from your pc . boot into clockworkmod recovery . to do this , with the device powered down , press and hold volume up + power until it boots into recovery . select " install zip from sd card " . navigate to the location where you downloaded the rom zip , select it and then select " install " . optionally , download and flash the gapps package compatible with your rom .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
if it is auto-completed by google chrome , please follow the following steps , go to your google account dashboard . this will list all of the information collected on you by google . scroll down to Web History and search for your credit card entry or other entries to be removed , and remove it from the history . or you can go directly to your web history . further , in dashboard you can scroll down to `Chrome Sync and click on Manage Chrome Sync . click on the Stop and Clear button to clear all the Autofil and Omnibox History and to stop syncing the data with google server . steps 3 and 4 will merely stop google from collecting data on google chrome 's omnibar ( i am not 100% certain on this ) .
annotations are unfortunately not supported on android at this time : notes annotations appear on standard youtube players and embedded players . annotations do not appear on custom youtube chromeless players . annotations do not appear in video playbacks taking place on mobile , tablet and tv devices . someone from google has evidently acknowledged this feature request , but i do not believe there is any kind of timeline for its implementation ( or official word that it , in fact , will be implemented ) .
i got the same problem . received two messages with " request failed " and am curious where they are from . i noticed that they always seem to arrive shortly after google calendar sms . so maybe that is somehow connected . as you might be able to see - the sms is sent to you and not from you . in previous days i got the google sms sometimes twice . so maybe google tried to fix the problem - what is left is a false request from google using your number with their calender application , instead of replying to google that the request is from it gets send to the alias number - being your number . i guess there is nothing to worry about . but anyway i will try to remove my number from google - i saw that somewhere you can just remove all sms notifications - that might help .
the last part of your question is easily answered , as there are a lot of permission scanners available on the playstore . for added benefit , i will just mention one : appbrain ad detector also scans for contained ad modules and more : appbrain ad detector ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as you can see in the screenshots , such an app would turn up in " has access to your messages " , and for sure in " may cost you money " . there are a lot more permission-scanners out there , some even explaining what those permissions stand for and what they mean . take a look e.g. at rl permissions , guardian droid , or aspotcat ( app by permission ) -- and check their related apps for more candidates .
the app 's homepage at http://digitalsquid.co.uk/netspoof/ lists the requirements needed for the app to work : requirements network spoofer runs on android devices with the following requirements : which are rooted ( ‘su’ ) . have an sd card ( or internal storage ) with > 450mb spare space . which has wifi so i would start by double-checking how much free space you have on your device . then it lists the currently supported ( and unsupported ) models : supported devices currently network spoofer has been thoroughly tested on these devices : samsung galaxy nexus htc nexus one t-mobile g1 it is reported working on these devices , as well as working on most other devices : lg optimus 2x huawei u8150d htc hero droid bionic samsung galaxy s / s ii samsung infuse 4g however , network spoofer doesn’t currently work with : droid / droid 2 / droid x motorola atrix many other devices should and probably will work , but please report any odd behaviour or crashes , so i can get this working with more devices . your device unfortunately is not on the list of currently supported devices , which means that the app 's author does not guarantee that it will work for you . if you follow the bug reporting link there are ways there for you to provide the dev with more information , so that they can try to get things working on your device . but before you go there , have a look at network spoofer 's faq page which does list some common problems , and some ways to get round them , or what additional information you can provide to help get the problem fixed . finally there is currently an open bug report about network spoofer not working on an s4 , with the same error message that you are getting , that does list how the reporter of the bug got it to work : i had the same problem when trying to run bt5 on my phone using the complete linux installer app , but solved the problem by changing the script from the file bootscript . sh ( attached ) to the combination of the 4 other files ( installbt first , then startbt , and bt , then stopbt to unmount everything ) . the chroot command is located in the bt script . that could be worth trying ( you will need to visit the bug report to see the attached files ) .
the easiest solution is to not have a credit card linked to their account . even if you did still have a pin for protection , they could still use the card online with any place that takes google wallet . the pin ( and now password ) really only protects purchases from the device itself . there are a few options that come to mind for them to have paid apps : second google account one option is to add your google account to their phone , and use it for all the purchased apps . when they want to buy an app , they switch over to your account , and then you put in your password to buy it . the downside of this method is that they could easily change the sync settings so they get your contacts , email , etc . temporary second google account alternatively , you could temporarily add your google account , make the purchase , then remove the account . the purchased app will remain on the device and should work , and they will not have access to sync data . but the app will not get any updates , and you will have to do the same process any time they want another app . third google account or you could create a third google account that only is used for purchased apps , and not for emails or contacts . they would still need your password to buy the app , and you would not have to worry about them activating sync for your information . and since the account would remain on their phone , their paid apps could be updated as well . prepaid/gift card another option is to put a prepaid card , or a google play gift card ( min $10 ) , on their account . they can purchase up to the limit of the card , either for paid apps or in-app purchases . alternative app stores you could also try using a different app store , such as amazon 's app store . it has most of the apps that google play store has . it does not have pin/password protection for paid apps ( but it does have that option for in-app purchases ) , but amazon gift cards can be bought in denominations as low as 15 cents . you could just buy the specific amount to cover the app they want , then gift it to them so they can buy the app .
performing a factory reset on an android device does not remove os upgrades , it simply removes all user data . this includes the following : apps downloaded from google play store , or otherwise side-loaded onto the device ( even if you moved them to external storage . ) preferences and data for all apps , downloaded or pre-loaded on the device . this includes call/sms/mms logs , contacts , save games , etc . personalized system settings ( e . g . saved wi-fi networks and passwords , etc . ) any google accounts you have added , along with saved credentials . the factory restore does not touch the following : contents of " external " storage ( micro-sd card , or for devices without it a part of internal memory that is set aside for this purpose ) such as web downloads , photos and videos you have taken with the device , music you have copied over from your pc , documents , and other media . exception is the apps that were moved to " external " storage . core components such as system apps* ( along with apps pre-loaded by your carrier and/or manufacturer into the system partition , ) android kernel , and bootloader . these core components are what defines the operating system version . network unlock status . * keep in mind that if you have updated any system apps via play store , those updates will be lost , and the apps will revert to the version that ships with the os .
yes , you will lose your updates , along with any other installed app that did not come with stock . but you will be able to re-update the apps via google play , and you will not lose any purchases you made ( they are stored forever on the google cloud ) . i am not sure why you are concerned about it , though . i can understand not wanting to lose your settings and data , but the only downside to losing app updates is the time and bandwidth required to re-update them afterwards . edit : you are probably asking about os updates . your phone does not keep an original os image . thus , once you update your os ( either by ota updates or by installing a custom rom ) , you will not be able to revert to the older android version . doing a factory reset should just reset the phone to a clean slate of the current android version .
if you are looking for a gui you should take a look onto droid explorer . basically it is a graphical frontend for adb especially developed for rooted phones . i know that it runs under windows ( .net) but afair it also runs linux using mono .
the android debug bridge ( adb ) can do pretty much everything you want . it is part of the android sdk , just download the sdk and enable usb debugging on your phone . you can get a shell with the command adb shell  and you can get files from the phone with adb pull  all the commands are documented in the first link i gave . another way to get any file from the phone would be to use any of the backup utilities available and back up your whole phone to your computer where you can examine it . as you already rooted your phone you might already have a backup utility installed , or you can easily install one , e.g. titanium backup root or nandroid . i have no experience with those two though , i can not tell you anything more about them . the kernel i used to root my phone included clockworkmod recovery with a backup program already integrated , so you might already have that available too .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
i got similar problem with any android based on 4.4 with my i9305 , any system got stuck on boot animation , tried mokee , omni , cyanogen and few other roms plus stock jb ( however this one was bootable just by factory reset after installation ) , with the same result ; finally i was able to go further after format /firmware folder in cwm 6.0.4.7 or any other suitable recovery , actually i formatted everything excluding folders wiped by factory reset . do not forget wipe dalvik cache i think this can apply for any sg3 or other new phones from samsung
i replaced the power button , and it solved the problem .
i had the same bootloop problem on t999 uvdlja . i tried about 100 solutions , including flashing every possible rom known and unknown . finally , the solution was very simple : odin cwm flash rom + gapps wipe cache , data , dalvik cache install rom install gapps ( this is the part which i would always skip for later - big mistake as gapps missing caused the boot loop ) restart , et voila ! ! ! !
i had same problem with logo loop . . i somehow screwed my efs folder , but do not actually know how . . . anyway i tried like 150 different thinks to fix it that i googled out but non of it worked for me . . finaly i download orignal stock rom but the old one with 4.0.4 android . flashed via odin and only then get rid of logo loop and phone turned on normally ( it took allmost 5 mins . . ) then i restored my efs folder . than rooted the phone , installed cwm and made nandroid restore of my original rom . . not sure if this help , but saved my ass : ) wish you good luck
try removing the power button . i had the same problem and saw on a youtube video that changing the power button was a good solution . as i could not find a spare power button on , i just decided to remove it and it actually worked ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq-u-q_ndoo
install any cwm recovery on the device , and it will work .
i tried everything but do not have a bootloop , just stuck on samsung logo . this was the last thing i tried . and the only thing that worked . i even had to take the battery out when it was done after another logo stuck . http://forums.androidcentral.com/ambassador-guides-tips-how-tos/300296-guide-samsung-how-flash-stock-rom-via-odin.html
it could be the power button is stuck or dirty . you will need to open the phone and clean the power button . if you don feel comfortable doing this take it to you carrier . i had the same issue and this was my fix .
install myat and t app and log into her online wireless account that should be see up on at and t website . then check usage from there . it tells me my phone minutes , text messages and data . i use very little data as i am usually connected to wifi , but because i am on a limited data plan , this app comes in handy .
daniel , she can also manage her data usage with the power control widget and apndroid . apndroid gives you a widget that lets you disable apn connections , which functionally disables data . and the power control widget , which needs no installing , will let you turn background data on and off . disabling background data saves battery and data use .
netcounter will keep track of data usage . it may not be 100% accurate , but it would be a decent estimate .
at and t has a number u can text to track how much is used . goto your phone and type *3282# and call like making a phone call and it will send a text message to you showing how much has been used and how much left . hope this helps .
looks like i have to eat my comments on the question . zdbox is yet another app that you can use to track your data usage , and it appears to have some pretty powerful/fantastic additional features .
another app which can be used to do this ( though it is a paid app ) is spb wireless monitor .
in addition to nanne 's answer , i believe android also defaults to using wifi when both connections are enabled . so if you have a wifi network saved , your phone will use it when you return so you do not need to keep checking . ( this assumes wifi is enabled and there are no network problems , of course ) . you can also shut off data use by going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks and un-checking use packet data or similar .
you could just check the logo on the top bar ? on the right you have time , battery , signal and either g/3g/h or the wifi logo . this image ( random googled ) shows the tab with the wifi logo while this rather bad ( also random google ) image shows it with 3g
nanne is correct : your status bar should show you any network connections . if you really want to ensure that you are conserving your 3g bits , install apndroid and keep data disabled except when you really need it . apndroid gives you a nice screen widget . you might also find this question on tracking data usage helpful .
i also agree with nanne but will two suggest two other ways of monitoring your data connection . . . you can add the power control widget to the home screen . it comes stock with android and it will lets you easily toggle the wifi among other things . when wifi is on , 3g will be off and you will have a visual representation right there . there are 3rd party version of this widget that actually let you toggle the 3g connection specifically . if you have a limited data plan as you do , beside just being diligent about monitoring your data connection , you can automate the monitoring process with something like phoneusage pro . this app allows you to set daily , weekly or monthly limits for data usage and it will notify you when you hit those limits . since theres sometimes a lag in registering data you could set up a notification to let you know when you have used 750 mb of 3g data in a month and then you will know it is time to start using wifi more frequently .
configurations for most devices , you can only modify the volume of the earpiece , bluetooth , media volume or call volume if you are currently using that feature . so , the best is to use your device " menu " button when you are using the bluetooth earpiece and check if said option exists . alternativly , use the volume up/down from your device while with the bluetooth earpiece in use to try and control its volume . one user at droidxforums mentioned a working solution for him : turn off the bluetooth on the droid x . place a phone call like normal . adjust the call volume to the max and then hang up . turn the bluetooth on the droid x back on and activate your voice command . it will work . you can adjust volume up or down in that fashion . apps if to no avail , currently , there are a few apps available from google play store to deal with issues like this : recommended for custom rom : volume+ free and the donate version volume+ ( volume boost ) gives great results in controlling volume settings separably for each sound output available . recommended for stock rom bluetooth volume worked as promised to control the bluetooth sound output , ideal for boosting in call volume . this are the ones i have used with excellent results , you can find others at google play store .
try running this command from your pc : adb shell bmgr enable false  if you have more than one device or emulator running/connected , you will need to add the -s DEVICE option .
found it ! the culprit is this app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vladlee.easyblacklist calls blacklist listen to this : if you add any number to the blacklist of this app , and uninstall this app after that , the number will be kept hidden and block . i.e. there is no way you can unblock the number , you can only do this by installing this app again , and removing all phone numbers , and then uninstalling the app . to be of more general use -- if something similar will happen to you , go to google play website , check the history of installed apps ( which blocks calls ) . install all of them back , and then check their blacklists . clear the blacklists , and then , with clear list , uninstall them . it should do the trick ( hopefully ) .
sounds like an encoding problem . have you tried importing the . vcf into google contacts ( on the web ) and then syncing your phone with your google account contacts ? that might provide better results ; android does not play nice with multiple languages right now .
i have followed the steps mentioned here . it is using . vcf technique only . i had to transfer nokia c3 contacts to sony xperia and it worked for me . create a backup file in your nokia phone . for that go to menu > settings > sync and backup > create backup select only " contacts " for backup . it will create a backup file at a location you specified . copy that backup file in your pc . rename its extension to " . zip " or " . rar " ( make sure to uncheck " hide extensions for known types" ) then extract this file . it will extract all your contacts in root folder named "32" in " . vcf " format . copy this folder into your memory card then go to " contacts " in your android phone . press on the 3 grey dots on the upper or bottom right of the screen . select import from the list . next , select import from > sd card / external memory . it will search for " . vcf " files and popup you the choice to import specific files or all ( select " import all vcard files " to import all contacts ) wait for a while and its done .
yes , you can , but in my experience it does not work well and you can not downgrade afterward . i would recommend that you do not flash that t-mobile updated rom .
there is no need to organize your files in any other theme . android is indexing the media file and since api 1.0 player should query the media store which is using this index .
some of the slowness may be due to the speed of your storage media . if it is built in storage than there is not much you can do ( apart from what matthew read suggested ) if it is an sd card , maybe check that it is not a class 2 or something . perhaps try and get a class 10 to speed things up . beyond those changes it is down to the device cpu speed
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
you can use the root explorer to change the keyboard layout file in /system/usr/keylayout/ this site explains it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1336114
you can use this app to do it . no need for rooting . dvorak is not available as a predefined layout ( yet ) but you can customize your own layout using the advanced settings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apedroid.hwkeyboardhelper edit : this morning i published version 2.7 of the app which supports dvorak out-of-the-box .
that is dependent : the kernel , along with the appropriate driver chipset support for usb otg the general consensus , if the kernel is modded and has support for otg provided the handset supports it , then it will work alongside with the appropriate otg cable with power support . it might need custom modifications to android to make it aware of otg facilities if running on pre-honeycomb android versions . however , since honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) and upwards , there is usb facilities integrated into the framework which makes otg mechanism even easier .
just commenting cause i found this by googling for an answer , and actually i achieved exactly what the op wants , with tasker and secure settings . no caveats here , working fine . using it both on a nexus 4 and n7 on cm 10.1 . first of all , have the slide to unlock enabled , then enable your pattern . when secure settings disables pattern unlock , it goes back to what the phone was set to before . <code> profile : display off ( 7 ) event : display off enter : slide/pattern ( 12 ) abort existing task a1: secure settings [ configuration:pattern lock disabled/wait for unlock package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings continue task after error:on ] a2: wait [ ms:0 seconds:0 minutes:5 hours:0 days:0 ] a3: secure settings [ configuration:pattern lock enabled package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings continue task after error:on ] if [ %screen ~ off ] a4: wait [ ms:0 seconds:1 minutes:0 hours:0 days:0 ] a5: secure settings [ configuration:pattern lock disabled/wait for unlock package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings continue task after error:on ] if [ %screen ~ off ] </code> the " continue task after error " setting is probably not required , i was just testing and left it there . two key settings are on tasker , disable beginner mode on settings so you get the task properties icon , then there , change collision handling to " abort existing task " . in secure settings you need to install and enable the helper or the pattern unlock will work but may be unstable ( it was on my n4 ) . note that in a3 and a5 i enable pattern and disable it again . this is done because if you just enable it , it will ask you for pattern twice in a row , cause you set in secure settings ' pattern unlock to ask you for pattern the first time . if you do not set it to ask you for it , then the pattern can be bypassed by simply turning off the screen twice .
this is not possible . the best you can do is : go to Security uncheck the Power button instantly locks option above that , set the timeout for Automatically lock to 5 minutes now whenever you lock the phone by using the power button , it will not ask you for a passcode unless you let it be with no activity . the screen will turn off , but if you press the power button again it will come on and not ask you for a password unless 5 minutes have elapsed . note : with this setting , any button can unlock the device for the set timeout , including the volume button .
i was able to set up what you want with one caveat : you have to use a pin or a password , not a pattern . my solution depends on the apps tasker ( trial version here ) and secure settings . secure settings requires root for some of its features . i do not know if this is one of them . if you are not rooted , you can try it and see if it works . posting a complete how-to on tasker is beyond the scope of my answer . instead , here 's the official documentation and links to user-created guides . my solution involves setting up two tasker profiles . the first one sets the pin or password after a timeout . the second one clears the pin/password once the screen is unlocked . here are my profiles : once you have got tasker configured , go to your phone settings and set slide unlock ( and set he timeout to be whatever you find to be an appropriate amount of time for the slide lock to come up ) . note that when the password/pin is enabled , you will first have to slide unlock , and then enter your pin/password .
adding to scott 's answer , this should even be possible without the addition of secure settings , just with tasker alone : event screen off task keyguard off wait [ ms:0 seconds:0 minutes:5 hours:0 days:0 ] keyguard on collision : stop running task so what does this do ? whenever the screen is switched off , keyguard will be turned off ( that is the one locking the screen ) . then it will wait for 5 min , and turn keyguard on again ( re-activate locking ) . if the task is already running ( i.e. . you switched the screen off for the 2nd time within the 5 min window ) , the running ( waiting ) task is aborted ( collision ) , and the " counter " starts over again . and what is the catch here ? this profile looks simpler , there must be one . and there is : this probably disables the " slide to unlock " as well -- so as soon as the screen is switched on , there is no protection against unwanted input . so what do we do ? adding a second condition : state : sensor -> orientation -> face up fine . you probably never put it into your pocket face-up unless you are lying on your back : ) so if you only put it on the table and switch off the screen ( i often do while reading my news feeds at breakfast ) , it is fine and simple .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
i would generally not expect /? to provide meaningful output , because it is really a dos/windows thing . linux/unix command option are typically passed with hyphens , either a single one for short flags ( for example , ls -l ) or two hyphens for verbose ones ( e . g . --help ) . two possibilities that you can try : if you are using a version provided by busybox , you can use busybox ls --help . doing this without the call to busybox at the front of the command may not yield any results ( e . g . cyanogenmod just responds with unknown option '--' if i try ls --help ) . the linux man page for ls is readily available online . the options there are probably not all implemented in the android binary , but it will give you a bit of an overview . you can also check the man page for busybox , which has all of the commands it implements as well as the options they support . i am not sure if the android version implements all the same commands/options , but it very well may .
try reboot -p to shutdown the phone .
my lg optimus 5 ( e455 and e450 ) also has a pre-installed application called cell broadcast , with cb enabled . i disabled it .
yes , you are justified and they are being sneaky . once a set of permissions is allowed , it can install new permission into that same set without getting approved on update . but you can retake control . if your rooted , you can download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums . xposed installer http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 " xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . all changes are done in the memory . " must be rooted playpermissions xposed module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/playpermissionsexposed-fix-play-store-t2783076 " this module aims to fix this problem for users who care about permissions . it'll do the following : 1 . make the play store show you all of the app 's permissions . 2 . require you to manually update apps with new permissions ( regardless of the category ) . " xprivacy module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xprivacy-ultimate-android-privacy-app-t2320783 " xprivacy can prevent applications from leaking privacy sensitive data . xprivacy can restrict the categories of data an application can access . this is done by feeding an application with no or fake data . there are several data categories which can be restricted , for example contacts or location . for example , if you restrict access to contacts for an application , this will result in sending an empty contact list to the application . similarly , restricting an application 's access to your location will result in a set location being sent to the application . " modules require xposed framework to be installed to function properly .
you might want remove the external sd card before giving the handset . it is safe to change your google account password associated with that phone . basically what they try to do is a factory reset , in which case , you should not be worried about the stuff on your phone .
i assume you have a screen like this one ? there is a way to disable the so called " fullscreen landscape keyboard " . some custom roms have feature an option by default , but not cyanogenmod . what you could try is to download the xposed framework and disable that fullscreen landscape keyboard through xposed modules like " gravity box " or " xblast tools " . those two modules also feature a lot of other useful tweaks . i hope i understood you correctly and that this will be helpful . edit : those two modules i mentioned above may be a bit confusing at first . so i would rather recommend this module instead : no fullscreen keyboard xposed - android apps on google play
i do not know what was the issue behind it , but i upgraded my arc to 2.3.4 and surprisingly this made it work . just added it as an answer in case someone does come across any such thing .
instead of entering a password every time you sync or access your mails - which will also be more insecure , because you enter the password often and in public - think about a good screen lock ( pin or password ) and a remote wipe solution . changing your google account password is always a good idea in case of a stolen android device . according to oleg ostroumov comment , the device will stay logged in for ~hour and then request a password .
in addition to what flow says , and i think this is a superior solution : use application-specific passwords the idea here is that you can create an application-specific password for any non web-based application that needs your google credentials ( think android phones , mail clients , im clients , etc . ) you create a credential for each purpose and use this instead of your google password -- this does not require special cooperation by third-party application developers . you can keep track of all issued application-specific passwords , and revoke them on a case-by-case basis if necessary . so if your phone is stolen , you can easily revoke access to your google account and the attacker will no longer be able to log in as you . please note that some applications might leave behind contact lists and offline email which will still be on the device even if it is not associated with a valid google account . you will need a remote wipe application for this purpose . you can find this on your google account settings page . look for authorizing applications and sites , and take it from there . see also this video from google about 2-step authorization and application-specific passwords . while at it , enable 2-step authorization using your android device for an extra layer of security when you log in from an unknown computer/device .
i do not think there is anywhere to cite where google has said that putting your app on the market is not exclusive , but i am sure it is allowed , since there are a lot of different alternatives to the market and you can even download versions of apps available on the market through other means . in certain cases , like tasker , getting it directly ( not through the market ) is even encouraged by the author .
have you tried using a different music app ? you might get better results from say doubletwist or winamp .
i got curious enough about this that i actually wrote my own little program that captures the " media button " events that are driving this functionality . i was able to determine that the car is doing something that translates into a " media_play_pause " keycode to start the playing . then when you tell it to play or pause while it is on , it issues another " media_play_pause . " but when you turn the car off ( or turn off the audio in the car ) , it issues a " media_stop " . the music players ( both winamp and the default music app anyway--i did not try others ) respond to the media_stop by resetting the song position to the beginning and ceasing to play the music . so to get what i want , i would have to somehow intercept the stop command and turn it into a " pause " instead . or somehow get the music apps not reset the song position when they receive as " stop . "
the icon in question ( on the very left of this image ) is Vibration mode on the one plus one . technically ( i guess ) it is the ' phone profile ' icon , in this case vibrate .
i do not think so , sorry : ( but since you have titanium backup , reflashing should not be a very big deal : ) there are also some free apps on the market that can freeze other apps https://market.android.com/details?id=com.anttek.am
if your device is full rooted ( not just shell rooted ) , try using root explorer app . mount /system with read-write permission and then paste com.samsung.apk file in /system/app/ . reboot the device . . . done ! remember to set permissions of the app to rw-r--r-- before rebooting .
based on your situation , if all means does not work , just reflash the firmware via odin . you do not have to factory reset ( i.e. . your data will still be there ) , but you will lost root . just perform the steps you used to root your phone before this . i suggested this because certain apps cannot be restored even though you push it via adb or paste it in the system partition .
you do not mention which phone or android version you are using . on my motorola droid ( android 2.2 ) the built-in e-mail application allows me to connect to my employers exchange server . when i created the account , i had three options for connecting : pop3 , imap , and exchange . there are other e-mail clients out there that may also connect to exchange .
you could try k9 mail . i use it for non-exchange accounts and it works great , so i know it is a great email app in general . i believe it has the ability to connect to exchange servers , too , so . . . there you go !
head to settings scroll down to find application manager scroll to the right until you reach the page all locate badge-provider click on clear data , if you cannot click clear data then first hit force stop , then you should be able too . restart your phone ( source )
mouse cursor graphics can be located in the framework-res.apk . specifically , res/drawable-x/pointer_arrow.png inside the apk file where x ( suffix of drawable ) is pixel density class of your device .
unlocking the bootloader will void your warranty . the first situation is not covered by the phone 's warranty , but the second might , according to your country 's laws . for example in finland , the repair company has to show that the problem is directly caused by flashing in order to deny the warranty claim . it is possible to get the phone repaired , but you have to fight with the repair shop and possibly with samsung to get it done , and it could get tricky . having said that , flashing is pretty easy as long as you follow the instructions to the letter and do not rush . bricking is pretty rare if you are cautious , so i would say go for it : )
looks like toggle mobile just does not work well with my setup . i bought a £2 sim card from lycamobile a couple months ago , and it is been working flawlessly with no setup changes . not much of an answer i am afraid , but i would rather lose my remaining toggle credit than use several more days on this .
enabling quick settings made that popup disappear ( source ) . it is at settings-> system-> status bar-> quick settings . hth
this is a symptom of a programming or integration error in the custom rom . system ui is the name of the process that draws things like the soft home/back/recent buttons and the notification tray . when this process crashes , the soft keys and notification tray , along with anything else it is responsible for , will stop working . the error could be in their ui customizations , or in something fundamental like the gpu or framebuffer drivers or the kernel . you should report this error to the developers of the custom rom so that they can fix it . they will certainly need more detail to find the problem , such as what device you are using , what settings you changed to make it happen ( reproduction steps in technical parlance ) , and they will probably ask you for more information too . this answer tells you about getting crash logs using adb logcat and the bugreport command . of course , if there is already a newer version of the rom , the developers will probably not be interested in your bug report unless you can also make it happen on the latest version .
this is possible with tasker . however , i am not sure you can read out a subject line , since an sms does not normally have a subject line . it does have a body . create a profile . in the profile tab , create a new profile (+ button) &gt; Event &gt; Phone &gt; Received text . click back button ( to create the profile ) . assign a task to the profile . after you click the back button , a dialog will pop-up . click New Task . name it ( e . g . read sms ) . in task edit screen , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , type " message received " . you can also edit the pitch ( of the voice ) or its speed . click back ( to create the action ) . if you want the text body to be read , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , click the label button to the right , select Text Subject . when you receive a message , you will be able to hear " message received " , and the text body ( if you added an action for that ) .
try custom messaging apps like go sms pro or handcent sms . these will allow you to customize the notification alerts for incoming messages from specific numbers ! hope this helps ! : )
the problem with my device not showing up with the fastboot devices command resolved itself . i was then able to flash a custom recovery . the only thing i did different was , i rebooted my computer and symlinked the adb and fastboot commands in my bin folder .
in the more recent updates to the galaxy s iii ( at least android 4.1.2 ) you can modify the notification panel at the top of the notifications screens that you get when you drag from the status bar . open settings , ' display ' ( under ' device ' heading ) then in the ' general ' heading choose ' notification panel ' . here you should be able to choose which quick setting buttons you want to appear and one of them is the toggle for ' screen rotation ' .
i do not think that an app can change the power button menu . the same is true for the " power widget " , a strip of toggles at the top of the notification area that some roms offer . you can , however , get something very close with the help of widgetsoid -- in this case the toggles are inside an ongoing notification instead of part of the notification area . auto-rotate is one of the toggles included , of course .
have you tried notification toggle from the google play store ? it will let you change the rotation lock from the notification screen .
notification toggles in your rom are related to the framework . apk and settings . apk . so you technically need to edit them to enable/add other toggles . you could try swipepad for launching/performing quick tasks .
go to your phone 's Settings . under Accounts , add the existing google account . after you go through the wizard ( and making sure email is synced ) , go back to the gmail app . when you trigger/click the hamburger menu , you should be able to select between your different gmail accounts .
edit : after update to the question my answer is not valid for this case , i thought that the phone was not booting right after flashing new rom . leaving my old answer in case someone might have the issue i have described earlier . as far as i know until your phone boot there is no way to check logs . though i think your phone might have some problems booting due to some cached information which was not wiped before flashing your rom . i had similar issue and wiping caches fix my boot-loop on galaxys4 - cyanogenmod 11 . all you need to do before flashing your rom , is to turn your phone in recovery mode , then wipe cache , and dalvik cache , after that you can flash your rom . i can not tell you exactly how to do this because i do not know which recovery you are using . this operation will not delete any of you personal data , only some apps cache , after rebooting your phone should start preparing apps and then boot normally . in case its still not working you might try to wipe cache and dalvik cache again and additionally make factory reset , this operation will wipe all your data from your phone so if you got important information on your phone make sure its the last possible solution , after factory reset flash your rom again . also some custom roms are not working correctly with every recovery , so make sure you are using supported recovery . ps . also i advice you checking this forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/ for any information regarding flashing roms/kernels etc . disclaimer : though this worked for me , and i think it should work for you too , i am not taking any responsibility for any damages to your device , nor lost data .
install the android sdk and plug in your phone . go to a command prompt change directory to to your adb folder type adb logcat &gt; logcat.txt this creates a text file in your adb folder and would tell exactly why your phone is not booting .
open up my accounts application from application tray . select the corporate sync account you wish to modify . your corporate exchange account settings will be displayed select remove account to remove this corporate exchange account from the handset . seen here troubleshooting page in case of further problems .
i just upgraded as well and had the same thing happen to me . however , in my case i am still connected to an exchange server . i know our it guys are very open with not locking down our phones with stuff like this and i have had windows mobile phones connected to the same exchange server with no need for a pin number . open phone settings open location and security settings go to select device administrators mine currently says " corporate sync " is one of the device administrators , but does not allow me to remove it . you may be able to remove it since you have removed the connection to the server . i suspect either the phone was not enforcing the settings set by the exchange server correctly or that there has been a bug introduced in the new version . note : i know this wont work for the person asking the question , but might be helpful to others . i was able to remove my exchange account , change my password back to pattern instead of pin , re-add my exchange account , and the phone did not force a pin to be set .
for rooted phones only well i have had the same problem as the original poster ever since i updated it to froyo . my exchange account i previously had on the phone was using a remote administrator certificate that i could not remove . yesturday i worked out a simple solution using r/w access to the /system/app folder . using a free root file explorer named super manager . i navigated to /system/app and renamed the file policymgrprovider . apk to policymgrprivider . bak . this removed the remote administrator policy and allowed me full control over the lock screen . after i switched it to no lock i went back and renamed the file to policymgrprovider . apk . no problems what so ever . i did rename the file bluremailengine . apk to a . bak at the same time , so if its not working disable that app as well long enough to change your lock screen settings . i know you do not want to root your phone , but unfortunately its probably the only way you will get that stupid pin lock gone .
i tried the suggestions here with no luck . the solution i tried only works on a rooted phone . background : removed exchange/corp sync account , screen lock remained , and could not be disabled . solution requires a rooted phone , installed a terminal emulator , installed busybox - need to edit one or two files with unix ' vi ' command droidx : open terminal emulator . su cd /data/system vi device_policies . xml open a line below policies add escape out and save file :wq check list of files with ls command ls the droid 3 had a file called mot_device_policies . xml which additionally needed the same changes as described above . the changes comment out the policies and after a reboot , you can turn off the screen lock !
android 4.4 makes it easy . it allows you to remove this ( at least for me it did ) , by selecting the option , Clear credentials (Remove all certificates) from the security menu . immediately , i was able to set no password/lock-code on my device again . hope this helps !
fwiw , i just tried the steps posted above by mru and they did exactly what i wanted - removed the corporate account and freed my lock screen . that said , there was one very minor glitch . i tried to remove the pin requirement immediately after i removed the account , but the system would not let me . as you can imagine , i was disappointed . but i went in awhile later , and the restrictions had been removed . i had to enter my pin one more time , and that let me reset the security to my preference .
this problem is due to your email server setup . server is setup to delete mails from the server once they are downloaded to your outlook . your android email client only shows mails that are on the server , hence you can not see mails once they are downloaded . you may have an option where you can disable deleting downloaded mails , however my corporate mail server does not allow me to do this and always deletes downloaded mails , so i am not sure about this .
i have found that evernote is one of the share menu options from scrapbook . if you share the text and images of a scrap note , it will share to evernote as any other note .
no , you can not replace anything on air command . if your phone is rooted , then there might be an app that allows this , however , i know of none .
as recomended by ce4 above , i just followed the steps laid out in this tutorial . samsung galaxy s : full update guide you can download the rom from get . cm here ( original samsung galaxy s variant ) or here ( samsung galaxy s ( b ) variant ) , note these are only for i9000 ( not i9001 or i9003 ) .
as far as i know , every os makes the change at the officially scheduled time for your timezone . this is different in different timezones , but if you have previously observed your windows clock changing at a particular time , you will see any other os changing at the same time . the exact time is set by the government : programmers do not just pick a time they think would be nice .
first , that setting is enforced by the os ( so it is not for the app to decide whether to observe that setting ) . put in easy words : android will not let an app access the network unless it is running in foreground ( i.e. . the user is interacting with it ) with the restriction enabled for it . explained with a plastic example : restrict background data on the google play store app ( as i did ) , it will not anymore check for updates in background while you are on mobile data . but it will do so when you are using wifi . also , when you call up the app to install something , it will work as long as you keep it in foreground ( i.e. . not switch to another app while it is still downloading ) .
sending to voicemail is a carrier service , and what you can configure depends on the features your carrier offers . if you are able to configure this , it'll be via the " call forwarding " settings . on my nexus 4 running stock kitkat , you can access these by opening the phone app , tapping the menu icon , then settings , then call settings , then call forwarding . on uk mobile networks ( i presume it is the same worldwide , but i am far from certain ) , the behaviour when you deny a call is controlled by your " forward when busy " setting , so you will want to disable call forwarding for that case . that'll also , obviously , disable voicemail when someone calls you and you are already in another call . for contrast , " forward when unanswered " configures what happens if you let the call ring out , and " forward when unreachable " covers your phone being turned off or out of signal . some networks do not respect how you configure this through the phone menu . this may be because they do not support letting you have that choice , or it may be because you need to configure it a different way . this is frequently by dialing your voicemail number and pressing * or # to get a menu , but each network operator will have their own ways .
the way font handling works is your android device has files in the system/fonts folder that control the font for certain aspects of the android system . one of them is the clock , the text , etc . in order to change these you need to rename your font file ( let 's say its helvetica . ttf ) to android-clock . ttf to change the font of the clock . do this for all the files in the system/font folder to change all the font on your phone . now , the japanese characters . . . i am not sure if the characters are handled differently than the english characters . i assume they are not , and this is why when you change the font they look strange . it is probably because the font file does not have the ability to change how these characters work , and is not sure how to deal with them . you may have to find a font that is compatible with both english/japanese characters .
this is because pentile matrixes do not render full pixels , but instead convert the pixels for subpixel rendering . the pixel is set either around a red or a blue subpixel , depending on the desired color value , as can be seen in the image represented by the diagonal rectangles . the advantage is that fewer subpixels are needed to create a certain dpi , but the image quality is not as good as in traditional rbg matrices .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
tap the widget so it opens the news and weather app . tap the overflow menu and go into Settings . tap Weather settings check or uncheck " use my location " as necessary . clear out the value under " set location " as necessary
your handset is not damaged , not totally . but you do need to get some professional help , someone who is willing to carry out the procedure in restoring it , provided that someone has the necessary tools at their disposal . however , you can fix your imei using a highly specialized but expensive repair box such as z3x , nspro , to name but a few . mostly , smartphone users do not have access to them and only repair labs or specialists have them .
there might be a number of explanations , first you might have set your handset to ignore 3g networks when connected to a wi-fi connection . to check this , try deactivating the wi-fi and see what happens . if the problem is still there , then check whether use 2g network is enabled , and disable it . try enabling 3g go to applications icon-settings-more settings-mobile networks-mobile data if there is a tick on the mobile data , then its supposed to work . so switch off the wi-fi first and try whether it will work . hope you get to solve this let me know if you do . it might also be a provider problem like stated by some , either check the apn settings with the provider , or try getting a friend to show you the apn settings . you could also try getting a different microsimcard to see whether it will work because that might also be a problem .
it seem like the line provider problem to me . . try to check the setting-more-mobile network-access point name check the setting there . . or download new access point name . . if this not fix the problem . . u need to call the provider line to help u fix the problem . thx
what exactly did happen there for that to occur ? the only way this can happen is by going into settings > storage , scroll down to the bottom and it says " unmount sd card " , at this point it is already unmounted so that would show by now the following " mount sd card " ?
please provide more specific detail . is the error warning appears on the playstore or when you try to open whatsapp ? what galaxy note pro do you use ? if you are using galaxy note pro 12.2 wifi only . based on this whatsapp faq your device is unfortunately not supported .
its happening to me as well since yesterday . never happens with dell but first time in hp . read somewhere that enabling fips in wifi setting in laptop will solve this problem will check and revert .
this is a documented bug related to tethering between intel wireless and qualcomm s4 based mobile phones , leading to disconnection or bsod . it has been documented here and discussed here .
well , it does not really answer my question , but upon further reflection , and without any good information available , we have decided to stick to only the officially supported locale list and to just be careful about how we translate for those locales . for example , we will provide two sets of spanish translations , es and us , and will be careful to make the us translations appropriate for the wider latin american spanish-speaking audience , rather than being us-specific .
from prior experience in building aosp before , the language strings for all aspects of the system , are stored in xml file , found in the aosp source framework/base/core/res/res . inside that directory in the source , there is values-xxx/strings . xml and values-xxx/do-not-translate . xml , where xxx is the iso country code based on the standard guidelines . this gets built and generated into framework-res . apk found in the rom 's live system under /system/framework . on an existing rom , its possible to ' sort of ' add translations into it by decompiling it but the effort would not be worth it as the xml data is compiled and " gets lost in translation " . i say ' sort of ' very loosely , as either the outcome would be it may work or it may not work , but the effort would be big and possibly break existing core android functionality . you can most certainly add a language add-on for the keyboards but that is about it . from the aspect of developers , where localization is concerned , the principle is pretty much the same as in the aosp source . so if the developer wants to add in french language support , he/she can simply create a values-fr/strings . xml and shove in there , the french translations and so on . of course , there will be variants such as canadian french , swiss french , for example . so their files , would be values-fr-rca/strings . xml , values-fr-rch to cite the example . this is where cm has the most languages support and are in a state-of-flux due to users spotting mis-translations etc . only google provides the core languages - such as italian , french , german , spanish , english ( both us/uk ) to name but a few .
try Settings &gt; Display &gt; Animation . i turned mine off and did not see the " old style tube tv " animation any more .
i do not think so . while you are ( they are ) on to something with the high amount of untapped cpu cycles accessible via android ( and other mobile ) phones - the limiting factor tends to be that users do not want their batteries drained to compute fractals ( or something of the sort ) . if you were to create a service , however , that worked only while the phones were charging , that would be a completely different matter . however , doing so greatly reduces the time that would be available to tap those cpu cycles . [ edit ] - and further notes . . . at one point i had investigated ( fairly heavily ) creating a distributed database system that would reside on mobile phones to support basic apps that did not want to rely on a rest service . ultimately , it came down to the lack of unlimited power that made it not worthwhile . the goal still seems a bit of a holy grail in mobile application programming - create a distributed system that can take a service and database schema , and then add in a discovery and hash system to keep track of live nodes that had data . moving all of that information around could bog down a 3g connection - but a few years from now that will not be much of an issue i think .
after a lot of experimentation and backwards and forwards and disabling and enabling various things , i have got it to the point where i have not seen that error popup for about a week now ( which is a huge improvement over it appearing every 10 minutes ) . unfortunately logcat never seemed to show any obvious , enlightening errors when the force close messages popped up , so there was nothing to work on there . various posts on web forums suggested that going into accounts and sync disabling sync on calendars and contacts , then clearing the data on the calendar and contacts app should help , but it did not seem to for me . in the end what i think solved the problem was : completely deleting all my non-primary google accounts off the device ( i have a primary google account , which is a google apps one , plus another google apps account and a normal gmail account ) disabling all of the sync on my primary account clearing the data on the calendar and contacts apps leaving it an hour before re-enabling the sync on my primary account leaving it a day before adding back my secondary accounts , and enabling their sync not 100% sure which of those steps solved it , but after doing all of those steps in that order my problem has gone away .
as can be seen in this video from the google i/o conference , in jelly bean applications can no longer read the system log for other applications , they can only read their own log . this has broken most ( all ? ) system log readers , here 's a blog post from a developer of such an application talking about how it has affected his application . the only way to have an app read other apps system log entries when using jelly bean is to root the phone . although other apps can not read the log files it is apparently possible to do it from the pc , try giving logshark a go .
the easiest most simple way that will give you definitive results is to remove all apps and install them one at a time until you install one that starts your problem . if you just installed an app recently and think it may be questionable , uninstall it and see if your problem is gone . this in all honesty is a lengthy process .
rehearsalassistant is what i ended up using . it is ok for now .
you can use the tapemachine recorder ( it is a paid app ) , it can record in high quality audio format . here 's the link to market
also tape-a-talk works well and has a free version .
dictadroid full or lite is also a good choice , here 's the advertisment text from google 's play store : dictadroid turns your android phone into a professional , high-quality dictation machine and voice recorder . use it to record voice dictations , notes , meetings , music , or any other audio and share it via email , mms , box , or dropbox . dictadroid is very simple to use and has many unique features , including : - pause/resume while recording or playing - insert/overwrite recording modes - record/play in the background or while screen is off - save audio files in wav format - share via email , mms , box , and dropbox - bulk delete/share operations - assign new or existing photo to a recording - use in any orientation ( portrait/landscape ) - sort recordings by date or title
i was able to install google play services by browsing to its page at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms and then logging in , clicking install , and choosing my phone . come to think of it , i might start installing more apps this way , from the comfort of a desktop browser . : ) anyway , i am able to use the google+ app again . i am still puzzled by the " no connection " business and having to periodically downgrade play to market to install anything from my phone running android 2.2 , but i am glad i did not have to root it and install cyanogenmod as suggested by some friends .
when i have been unable to log-in to the google account on an old phone or something , it will often work by logging-in to youtube with the same credentials . youtube is usually a default installed app . open it up , go to the account settings and log-in using your gmail credentials . i get no futher problems with logging into gmail . it does it at the same time as youtube . this sorts it out for me . hope this helps someone .
it should work with maps ( + ) ( or its ad-financed free version maps ( - ) offline navigation ) . this app was developed for exactly this purpose ( even before google labs introduced the " pre-caching " feature ) . i never tried it myself , but the comments look promising as well . maps ( + ) ( source : google playstore ; click image to enlarge )
nope - there is no way at this time of writing to download maps for google maps other than using google maps itself . if it denies downloading due to selection of large area , there is no way to do it other then using another app . if you would like to use a different mapping app , still using google 's offline maps or other maps like openstreetmap , you may try using trekbuddy . to know more about it , you can read about it from its wiki page and/or see these questions : how to have my phone guide me through a specific route how to get maps for off-line usage ? how to import gps coordinates track for using offline
i have not ever found a way in any the settings to adjust this . i think the time is hard coded . i completely agree with you about the time before it would close , for this reason , i disable it unless i am testing something and need it for a specific test .
the find command works well in adb shell . the syntax is find /path -name file_name . for searching read only areas you will need root . if the find command is not available on your particular device , you might need to install busybox ( search the market . ) for example , adb shell find / -name *maps* will find all files that contain word " maps " across the entire file system .
here is a guide for resetting the samsung galaxy ace : http://forum.gsmhosting.com/vbb/f777/guide-samsung-galaxy-ace-hard-reset-1247841/ if you are a fan of youtube , here is a video that has the same info : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhykjinjopm it is basically the same way you reset all of the android devices : settings --> privacy --> factory reset --> reset --> yes , erase everything you might want to try to see if you can update your os before you do a factory reset , just to make sure an update would not fix the problem .
no , you are pretty much out of luck . once you update , you have that version and cannot go back . i do not know your android knowledge , but , if you have the apk file for a previous version , you can " sideload " the application on to the device ( unless you have at and t ) . but that is a bit more complicated if you never done it before . it requires the drivers for your pc , copy the file to the sdcard , and then " open " the apk file with an file manager , which will then launch the package installer .
i guess it will be fixed in a future update but until then , have you tried contacting the developers for an older version . i am sure they will be appreciative of any feedback you give and it would be easy for them to provide you with a previous version directly . if you are feeling brave , i found the following two sites that might have what you need as a direct download , may need something like astro file manager ( free ) to install and will need to enable unknown sources in the settings . http://www.freewarelovers.com/android/app/winamp http://getandroidstuff.com/?s=winamp+android i do not know how reputable the sites are so i would try my first suggestion initially .
there is an app available in the market called buttonremapper , and the developer has a thread open on xda that you can find here . there is a version specifically designed for the samasung galaxy s ( which i think is what the nexus s was based off ? see my edit below . ) so you might want to try that version first , but i think your best bet is going to be trying this app and seeing if it lets you do what you want . oh , this app requires root access . all the standard disclaimers apply . edit : based on this link they seem close but have important internal differences . i am not sure how that will affect whether or not that app made for the galaxy s will work for you .
i am guessing you have tried double clicking it ? on my phone ( dell streak ) , a double-click skips to the next track . might just be doubletwist that , though , i am not sure .
your battery status may be off for a while , but will return to normal as you use the device . in general it is good to do several consecutive full discharges and full charges , which will restore the stats about how long the battery lasts . there is nothing you can do beyond that .
you have said that you partitioned before installing link2sd but not before installing data2sd . data2sd also requires extra partition just like link2sd . the reason link2sd being not effective is because it moves all but data to sd-card . if any of your app uses huge data it will fill your internal space quickly . try going to settings -> apps -> sort by data size and see which apps are on top and try clearing their data . this will free some space for some time but also clear that particular app 's data . as you have pointed out installing dalvik cache to sd would be best . in my custom rom i have to open terminal and type a2sd install and supply option y , n , y . most probably this will work with your rom as well .
i would check what is taking up so much of the internal memory . i use sd maid app , and use these functions : corpsefinder , systemcleaner , appcleaner , duplicates , biggest files . when i could not install google maps after reflashing my cm10.1 with the latest nightly , i used the biggest files and delete some files i would downloaded before ( other nightlies that i have saved ) . i also deleted some files that were no longer being used . when i was done , i was able to install google maps .
manually backup all the data with the help of below mentioned steps so as to make sure that just in case if the data gets lost or corrupted , the same can be restored with the help of below mentioned steps . make sure that you don’t use any sorts of pc suites like htc sync to back up the data as it won’t help you restore the data smoothly . sms – use “ sms backup and restore app ” contacts – sync with the gmail application call log - call log and restore images , songs , videos , files – copy to internal / external sd card apn and mms settings – note down from the path “applications > settings > wireless and network > mobile networks > access point names” enable the usb debugging from the path “ settings > applications > development > usb debugging ” make sure that the minimum battery life should be 30% so as to ensure that the phone doesn’t get turned off in the middle of update . disable / uninstall all the security suites installed in your phone . let’s head to the procedure which will help you update your phone with the latest firmware of jellybean 4.1 firmware . procedure to update at and t htc one x with jellybean 4.1 firmware : 1 . download the official jellybean 4.1 firmware update from here to your computer . once downloaded , you need to place the same in your device’s root or in the phone’s storage and not in any of the sub folders . 2 . now , disconnect the device from computer if you have connected the phone and then turn off the device so that it can be entered in the recovery mode . to enter htc one x in the recovery mode , press the volume down button and while doing this , press and hold the power button for a period of 10 seconds till you see the fastboot screen . 3 . in fastboot mode , use the volume keys to navigate to the recovery option and then press the power button . after this , you will see the htc logo on the screen and the screen will go blank with an exclamation mark and a triangle . 4 . now , press and hold both the volume up and down key and then while holding them , press and release the power button . after releasing the volume rocker key , you will get a blue menu along with a set of options which will indicate that the device has been successfully landed in the recovery mode . 5 . now , select “apply update from internal storage” from the option and press the power button . you will need to select the update file which you have placed in the phone storage and press the power button to confirm the same . it will take around 3 -5 minutes for applying the update and once it’s done , you need to select the option of “reboot system now” for rebooting the device in the normal mode . source note:do it at your own risk , no one can held responsible .
yes , you can now install the stock android keyboard from the play store - it is called google keyboard .
there is no official way of installing the default keyboard if it is not installed by the manufacturer . however , there may be unofficial ways using files stripped from other devices or compiled from aosp . there are some keyboards on google play , see for example keyboard from android 2.3 , which claims to be like the default keyboard from android 2.3 . another way of getting the default keyboard may be installing another rom . i think hardware makers would install their own keyboards if they think that they are superior to the default one , for example because they better work on the screen size of a device .
sorry guys found the part of the answer myself , hope it helps someone else who has a blonde moment lol although it did not solve the inability to get more notification sounds through the phone features by hitting the " get more " button it does allow you to add your own downloaded sounds , a good place to get them is http://www.zedge.net . however if anyone can help with the d/l notification sounds through the phone 's " get more " button issue it would be appreciated . change the ringtone , notification sound , and alarm from the personalize screen . choose a ringtone or notification sound from where ever on your pc connect your phone to pc and transfer it to your ringtone folder on your phone , on your phone slide the notifications panel open , and then tap > personalize . on the sound tab , tap sound set . choose a sound set you want to customize ( ring tone , notification or alarm ) , and get your new sound by hitting the + add at the top of the screen and choosing your new sound and then tap apply . all done htc one x automatically saves your choices to the current sound set .
please visit http://www.twofortyfouram.com/support.html q : i see the shortcut setting opens apps . . . how do i kill apps ? a : android treats memory differently than a desktop computer . when leaving an app , it is paused rather than killed , so that returning to it later is faster . if android needs more memory , it will automatically close apps that have been paused but have not been used recently . because android manages memory automatically , " task killer " apps are not necessary . google has blocked " task killer " apps for android 2.2 and later . while it is not possible to " kill " apps on android , the shortcut setting can be used to simulate this behavior by bringing the home screen to the foreground . to do this , simply create a new shortcut setting that opens the " launcher " or " home " app ( on htc devices , the launcher might be called " htc sense" ) . when the setting is fired , it will bring the home screen to the foreground , pausing whatever application was previously on the screen .
this is very application-specific , ( for torque ) , so maybe not that helpful for others , but the author from torque answered my question : Send an intent - 'org.prowl.torque.REQUEST_TORQUE_QUIT' and it should shutdown gracefully  looks like i need a little programming . well already planned doing a bit more than just my " hello world " i did until now : )
check first your microsd card if it is properly mounted and most importantly have .mp3 in your music folder . i had far too many instances where others copied only the shortcut of the mp3 file to their folder , then came looking for me telling that their phone does not detect the music :o the folder where your music is stored also must not have a .nomedia file present or all files will be ignored . lastly , try rescanning your memory card using this app
in short : both llama and tasker have the wifi network connected/disconnected state where you may trigger tasks/actions . tasker also has a wifi near state so that you do not have to be connected to a network for a task to trigger , whereas llama does not .
in tasker create a new State based context and choose Net as state category . then choose Wifi Near as net action : this will bring a screen where you can input data about the wifi access point you are interested in . if you are near the desired wifi access point then you could just press the scan button ( the button with lens symbol at left end of the text SSID ) . this scans the near by access points and lists its details . simply select the one which you are interested in . now you are good to go to add an entry task and exit task to whatever you want .
do you use a nexus 4 ? this should not be happening with your phone as nexus 4 is quite a fast one . it happens with slow phones especially when you have battery saving apps installed . try formatting your phone and deleting apps you do not need .
rooting your phone will void the warranty from both the carrier and the manufacturer . no matter what happens to be wrong . if they found that the phone 's rooted then you will have to face the consequences . * so your warranty will be void automatically with root . *
your friends just got lucky . thats it . no manufacture in this world will provide you warranty services after you have rooted the device .
if you are able to transfer the split files from your pc to your android device , which most probably will , you can use this app to join the files . also make sure you split the file using 7zip on your pc . hope this helps
on galaxy s3 , sdcard refers to internal storage , ext sdcard to an sd card to be plugged into the micro sd slot . usb storage refers to an usb stick that would be connected to the usb port using a dedicated usb otg cable .
have just noticed this too on my ( original ) galaxy s since it got the gingerbread update , presume that this is something that samsung have changed in their gingerbread build , as the s2 comes with gingerbread from the factory . on the galaxy s ( and i presume it will be the same on the s2 ) they have a built-in storage ( either 8gb or 16gb in the original s ) that looks like an sd card to the os , but is actually built into the phone , there is also a micro-sd card slot , that can take normal micro-sd cards . previously these showed in the phone as " internal sd card " and " external sd card " , since gingerbread they are now shoing as " sd card " and " usb storage " . it looks like " usb storage " is the built-in storage space ( 8gb on my phone ) , whereas " sd card " is the separate sd card that plugs into the slot by the battery and you can plug the card in yourself ( i have got a 32gb card in mine ) . most apps do not know that there is two separate storage spaces , as this is a samsung thing , not an android thing . media files copied into either location will be picked up ok by the media scanner , so you can put your music , etc where you want without any worries . some apps , like the camera app , have been modified by samsung to know about the multiple storage locations and will let you save to either ( configurable in the settings ) others do not , and will only save to the " usb storage " space . i have not had a chance to play with kies air since gingerbread , so can not help you there ( but i will try to over the weekend and update ) . but for file manager apps you should be able to see the folder /mnt/sdcard which is the " usb storage " and looking down that you should see a folder called external_sd which , if you open it is your micro-sd card . for any apps that let you pick where to save files , saving to this location will ensure its on the actual sd card .
nope ! usb storage is a partition of the phone internal memory . seems it was done to separate the os and its data from other type of data .
you reset your phone means there will be no apps in that . to find out what is occupying your phone memory goto settings -> manage application or settings-> storage option to find out what is occupying space in your device . another way : if you have any file manager application installed in your phone go to internal storage and find out the things which occupying space in your phone . it may be any files such pictures or videos .
check this link . install the su binaries from here than update to latest version . hope this helps .
you should be able to download the latest supersu from chainfire . push that to your nexus 7 using adb push and install it from your custom recovery . i am guessing you have that already ?
unlike the note 2 , the s4 does not have the " available buttons " section in the notification panel . so , you cannot remove the items .
you need to re-flash your recovery in fastboot . make sure you use the correct recovery for your device and carrier . ( i can provide links if needed . ) your rooted so i will assume you have successfully achieved s-off which requires proper adb drivers and fastboot . boot to fastboot ( hold power + vol down ) and connect usb cable flash nameofrecovery . img ( from same directory adb and fastboot are in ) by typing fastboot flash recovery nameofrecovery.img
yes , firefox wastes too much space ( especially when showing open tabs ) , maybe they fix that someday . in the meantime , have you tried with chrome for android ? it has new gestures to switch between tabs : in chrome for android , you’ll be able to : swipe horizontally across the top toolbar to quickly switch tabs . drag vertically down from the toolbar to enter into the tab switcher view . drag down from the menu to open the menu and select the item you want without having to lift your finger .
i have not tried this , but since android is not so different than the underlying linux system , you might be able to do the same thing as described here . the device file name might be different though and you might need to be rooted .
link to stock browser apk the link contains the apk for the stock browser . alternatively , as you have chosen you can build the stock browser from source also . how to build stock browser from source code , stackoverflow generally you can also use the avd for testing the browser , but not if you need multi touch and other ' phone ' related functionality . chrome is now the stock browser for nexus devices , and most oems ( manufacturers ) include their own version of the browser .
cyanogenmod has a good overview with many devices and a full update guide per device ( captivate as example here ) . here is an explanation of commonly used terminology ( fastboot , adb… ) . there are some differences between manufacturers/brands : google : very easy , with standard tools ( adb , fastboot ) sony : rather easy , all standard tools + special tool ( flashtool by androxyde ) , locked bootloader that needs an unlock code from website ( not possible for all branded phones ) motorola : rather hard to mod , locked bootloaders samsung : rather easy , unlocked bootloaders ( except for some branded phones )
i appreciated the presentation video of rom manager , the best known app to backup a phone and install a new rom : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=psmi8kmbney
i have an siii on ics and when i add an event to the calendar i have a " privacy " option which allows me to choose default , private , or public , however i sync my calendar with google calendar and not with exchange .
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
the blue dot is because of gps and not because of wifi . gps does not require internet connectivity to work when it locks onto your position . how does it know to update ? when you go off course then the app will try and update your route with a new route ( which needs internet ) .
what do you want to do with linux commands ? . you can check for devices in the i2c bus and you will get to see the debug messages . if you want to test something specifically please mention it .
saw this on another site : ryan answered 4 weeks ago i was having the same issue after i updated my galaxy s3 to android 4.3 . i think i just fixed it . here 's what i did : from the home screen , click the apps icon open the " downloads " app in my case the files that kept showing up in the notification pull down were in the other downloads tab click the " clear list " button at the bottom of the screen after a restart i did not get any more notifications . source : just did this myself .
after you have enabled encrypted storage , the password is the same as your lock screen password .
you can download an app like quickpic that is a local gallery viewer and delete only local copies that way . it is probably the easiest way . i have no idea why google photos has no options to delete only the local copy , forgetting such an essential feature is such a google thing to do .
when using the photos app it will do that for you . if you use the gallery app it will only manipulate the local images , therefore deleting the local ones . the gallery app comes with nexus 4 .
you can unlock phones a few ways : 1 ) buy an unlocked phone 2 ) unlock via 3rd party software that will more than likely result in a voided warranty 3 ) wait for carrier commitment to be up and then ask them to unlock . the thing with trying to unlock phones from different carriers though , is that verizon is cdma and att is gsm . so with that , you can unlock the phone yes , but whether it will work on att ( be it at all or how well ) is up to you . my guess is that voice/text will work fine , but you will not get any data until you edit the apn and then it is up in the air .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
have you tried a sideload ? i found i could not do anything after loading an initial release of the ubuntu for phones os and a sideload revived my galaxy nexus .
the plugin you are using is deprecated ; tasker now has built-in support for shell commands ( under misc-> run shell ) . you can use root with this also . edit : it is too bad that did not work for you : ( the last option i can think of is using secure settings plugin . this can run shell commands too , and has the option of returning stdout and stderr to tasker as well . good luck ! also make sure that in your superuser app you have set it to ask for permissions ( or even automatically grant it - turn that on , run tasker for it to get su permissions , then set it back to " ask" ) .
starting with kitkat , you can make one app the default sms app . by default , on a device with google apps , that is hangouts , but you can install as many sms apps as you like . if they have been developed/updated for kitkat , they should be fitted to be used as " default sms app " . of course , if you do not need one of the pre-installed apps , or do not want to use it at all , you can go to settings→apps and see whether it can be disabled ( some pre-installed bloatware is protected against this ) .
s2e moves the whole applicator folder to your ext partition . if you want to move specific applications you need to use something else . something else in this case can be link2sd . you can pick apps and even data to move .
it looks to me you need the usb driver on your pc . search huawei site for " usb driver " . also set " usb debug " on ( on your phone , that is . i do not know if this alone would solve your problem , though ) .
my phone is amoi n828 and i have a similar problem . my workaround is disable the usb debugging : ) then reconnect your phone to the computer : ) hope this help .
install Sony Pc companion . go to folder in which flashtool is installed mostly C:/Flashtool . you will find drivers folder in which you will find Driver.exe click it select the driver for your device click install . windows will give you error select Trust the vendor . it is better to turn off your antivirus . once installed enable usb debugging mode and connect
try this app : utter ! although it is in beta , the reviews are quite promising . you should definitely give it a try .
iirc , one difference is that odin can change the filesystem to a different " format " . for example , there are rom for the galaxy s devices that would change the filesystem from rfs to ext4 . if you did a nandroid of the device , before you flashed the rom , then decided to go back to the " stock rom " , your filesystem would still be ext4 . this could cause issues if it is not a filesystem that the stock rom can deal with , or expect . as for , " is it better " , it does make it easy for samsung owners to go back to complete stock , but nandroid is still a full backup of your device at that time and could , essentially , work just as well .
a quick google-fu , which took less than 2 seconds yielded this hit where i got the information from , fyi - keywords without quotes " android gps offline maps " possibly two that might be of interest - navfree navfree is a completely free navigation app that offers turn-by-turn directions , spoken and on-screen instructions , offline map use and address search and live search via google and microsoft bing , among many other features . the maps it uses are available for free download from the navfree store . the map data is stored on your device so there is no need for a constant data connection while driving . it also allows you to browse maps anytime , anywhere without paying for data connections , which means no costly roaming charges when abroad . and the other - mapdroyd mapdroyd features world-wide off-line maps powered by openstreetmap . experience true unplugged vector maps avoiding expensive network connections . apparently , there is a way to do this - as documented over on xda which enables you to create your offline maps for storage and to be used by the likes of google maps etc . . . hope it helps ! : )
asus released an update , and it is been 2 weeks since it happened
follow the following steps exactly . start up your rooted and unlocked nexus 7 . install " es file manager " from the play store . start " es file manager " and go to " settings\root settings " and tick all boxes . go to http://d-h.st/e57 and download the file from your nexus 7 . go to your "/sdcard/download/" folder . long press on the " media_profiles . xml . zip " file and select " extract to " . leave as default and hit " ok " . go to "/sdcard/download/media_profiles . xml/" long press on the " media_profiles_new-3fe47816232d5037339532623a9019f88d6ab143 . xml " file and select " rename " . rename it as " media_profiles . xml " . long press again , and select " copy " . navigate to "/etc/" and hit " paste " in the top bar ( 2nd last icon ) allow es file manager to overwrite the existing file . long press on " media_profiles . xml " and select " properties " ( might need to scroll down ) . tick every single box and apply . restart and launch your camera app and select video . then hit the circle in the bottom left and hit the settings button that appears in the middle of your screen . it should already read "720p hd " and you can press that to change between that and "480p " . any questions , please do not hesitate to ask !
i am also using the same device . also upgraded to jelly bean . well , to your above queries , just remember that higher ram usage in jelly bean is actually supposed to " utilize " the device properly . logically , we buy device with high ram for what ? so that we get faster performance . but there is always tradeoff between performance and features . jelly bean offers more features but takes more ram . regarding rooting the phone . it is always a grey area . while rooting voids device warranty , it also enables user to control almost every aspect of the device . but do it if you are willing to invest time understanding the intricacies of rooting . cheers !
i think uninstalling angry birds and then reinstalling it should fix the problem .
that means something 's wrong with the package setup . for your reference , here are a few links with more detailed information : android duplicate provider authority - stack overflow android duplicate provider authority problem - stack overflow angry birds seasons summer pignic now available | angrybirdsnest ( search for " duplicate provider " on this page , should appear around the middle ) duplicate provider authority error when installing k-9 mail - google groups recommendation : contact developer ( for security reasons both developers , in case somebody faked the signature ) . it is most likely a copy-and-paste error during the packaging process , so the developer might release a fixed update soon .
the least tricky way is : take your 2gb card out of the device , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your computer copy all contents from the card to an empty directory on your computer safely remove the card reader , replace the 2gb card by the newer , bigger one , and attach that to the computer copy the contents of the directory from step 2 . to the new card safely remove that card again , and place it into your android device when in doubt about the hidden stuff , use linux for the copy process . you can even boot it from a livecd . from a terminal command , use cp -R /path/to/source/* /path/to/target . on the other hand , if using windows and you can see the files/directories starting with a dot ( watch out e.g. for the .android_secure directory ) , they should be copied along fine . see also : how do i switch my android device 's sd card without causing problems ? changing sd card just a simple copy and paste app2sd - changing the sd card how to upgrade / swap sd card without losing data and installed apps ?
as gathrawn already indicated , the answer to your question is covered by how to backup an android device ? . as far as the kernel is concerned , two of the answers apply : using adb pull to do a file system copy as described in this answer create a nandroid backup from within your custom recovery as detailled in this answer both variants require your device to be rooted , and for the nandroid backup you will need to have a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod ) installed .
i am having precisely the same issue . i was comfortably getting 18ish hours , and now roughly 9 . android os was at somewhere around 75% usage , where normally it rests cozily below display usage . i have swapped in my spare battery and things appear marginally better , but i am not so sure just yet . i am pondering the possibility that a hard power off might have helped also ( vs . a regular reboot ) check out this article also , it seems very familiar and his was a faulty antenna .
the solution : ok here is the deal . . . i researched this as it happened to me just that way a few days ago . . . . but first , some background . i bought the samsung galaxy 3 from radio shack-my carrier is sprint . the device has not been rooted . had pretty good luck with the samsung epic ( galaxy s ) . installed : juice defender pro-almost doubled my battery life until . . . . 4 days ago , i awoke at about 6 am to see that the battery had been charged , so i disconnected the charger . went back to sleep , and about 8am , was horrified to see that the battery had somehow drained to 23% . . . it had drained 3/4 of its capacity in just under 2 hours ! well that aint happening . after some very tedious research , i was left with a few possibilities : 1 ) bad battery or device ( no kidding ) ( 2 ) make some setting changes ( i did that . . . i set my display to minimum and not to auto , and made a few other changes ) but the thing that did the trick was uninstalling some apps that i just installed . once that was done , the phone ran fine . the problem is that some applications , especially third party ones , will not always work properly , and/or can drain the battery . the only way to know for sure is to uninstall them . . . wait to see if it helps , and if it does , then install them again , and see if the problem returns . i elected to not reinstall the applications . i figure that i can try others , and today , i only install one app at a time , and if the phone behaves properly , then it stays . there are many things one can do to extend battery life . i love juice defender pro . it does what it says it will do , and was worth every dime i paid . there are other things you can do like use airplane mode when listening to mp3 's . i went on a motorcycle ride , listened to music for 3 hours , and only used about 8% of my battery life to do it . anyway , i hope this helps . try getting rid of apps that were most recently installed before the issue occurred . it was the solution 's for me .
are any apps showing suspiciously high cpu use ? you can check with seepu , or with ' top ' command at the terminal or adb-shell .
link2sd will not move apps to sdcard but it will link 2nd partition with system 1 ) format your 2nd partition of sdcard and try it
i would go with tasker for this . tasker can react on a lot of events , an incoming sms being only one of the many . you can then have it parse the sms text , and react on keywords . there're probably already som " profiles " out in the wild which you could adapt ( just check with a google search ) , you also can find more details on sms notification management - tasker wiki . this is probably the most flexible solution . to sum up alternatives already mentioned in the comments : go sms offers a filter feature , as sparx mentioned sms-filter can check the sms body and display notifications ( again from sparx )
i would suggest switching to an alternative mail app -- k-9 mail probably is a good choice . i use it for about 2 years now with a mail server having an " untrusted " ( self-signed ) certificate , and never experienced what you describe -- so this should solve your issue .
i am running cm 6.1 as well and i have a bug in my market that if you have , may solve your problem . my app updates get stuck sometimes and i have noticed if i cancel . an update the app no longer shows up as needs to be updated , or even installed , although it stays in my dl list . you could try starting the update then cancelling mid download . for me these apps in limbo do not give the update notification .
i do not think there is a way to disable market update notifications for a single app right now . in order to disable update notifications for all apps in the market , open the market app , press the menu button , choose settings . in the notification drop down , select do not notify me .
m3u files store playlists . the m3u files you are trying to run just has a list of urls to the radio stations . you can only play m3u files on your media player if the player supports playing them . try the live365 app . it works great for me . huge range of stations , both free and paid .
try tunein radio , it has both stations , and it is great ( and free ) !
when in the message window , " long press " the image ( hold your finger down on the image for a second or two ) and a menu should pop up giving you the option to download or save the attachment . when you go to your gallery you will usually see attachments you have downloaded in a folder called " downloads " or " messaging . "
i have a galaxy s4 running android 4.2.2 in messaging in the message i have been sent a photo . . underneath it says mms i tap the photo and it goes fullscreen i tap the ( anachronistic floppy disk ) save icon i can rename it i hit ok and it responds with : attachment copied to device storage it is now saved to : internal storage/download i use dropbox to grab it from there it does not appear in my gallery : ( if i accidentally long-press i choose save attachment for the same thing
the serendipity rom only contains camera . apk and camerafirmware . apk . i would think that the version you are trying to copy over is being renamed by the system on reboot and the original camera . apk is being restored . what i would try : get the non-cwm version of the camera . apk and put it on your sd card on your phone , use root explorer or similar to mount /system/app/ as rw rename /system/app/Camera.apk to camera . bak or something copy in the new apk from the sd card remount /system/app/ as ro , you may want to make sure /system/ is ro as well try to use the camera . if it works , reboot and see if it still works .
try another player for the device of try the same video file in a different format if possible . this will determin if the the video or not . it is most likely that the vlc player does not support that file format as well . your best chance is to t another player like mx player or bsplayer ( googled that ) . video players for mobiles are more limited on what formats they can play . reference/guide for you : http://www.real.com/resources/mobile-video-player
comparing confirmed chinese translation of these four symbols ( yes -- it is a manufacture date ) with izzy 's answer , which states , that li+ batteries have a self-discharge rate of approximately 5–10% per month , we end up with conclusion , that even with most optimistic scenario , li-ion batteries stored in store or warehouse without cyclic re-charge ( which most likely never happened ) are completely dead after 20 months at most . which is equivalent to less than two years . which leads us to a conclusion , that 2,5 half year old li-ion batteries are completely useless and should not be purchased nor used .
have you tried flashing clockworkmod via fastboot ? i believe the samsung devices use their own version of fastboot , the cyanogenmod site will give you more info on how to install : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/install_cm_for_jfltecri i have found that doing it manually is usually more effective than using some sort of automated program ( i assume loki is , never heard of it ) .
without root access on the device , probably nowhere . with root , most likely in /data/data/com.google.android.apps.magazines . if the app stores data on sdcard , it should be found below Android/data/com.google.android.apps.magazines .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
es datei explorer is more than just a simple file explorer . it offers a bunch of additional features , which explain most of the permissions you have listed . i am using this app for years already and can assure you : it never abused any of the permissions ( especially i never saw it making " phone calls " , and yes , i supervise such things ) . but for the things you list : storage : what do you thing where your files are , um , stored ? all file managers access the " storage " . otherwise they could not write there , so you could not copy/move files . phone calls : this is a permission group , not the permission COST_CALL itself . the only permission from that group which es file accesses is read phone status and identity . so it can detect whether there is an incoming/outgoing/ongoing call ( and see the remote number ) , as well as check your device 's id ( imsi ) . not sure what for the app needs this , though . network communication : this app can also access the network ( feature list : remote file manager ) . so you can e.g. use it to copy files from/to your computer , e.g. using windows shares ( also known as samba , smb , cifs ) . a feature i really enjoy quite often . so nothing bad about this ! system tools : again a permission group . here the app requests : modify system settings , connect and disconnect from wi-fi , set wallpaper , install shortcuts , uninstall shortcuts , access bluetooth settings , prevent phone from sleeping . all mentioned permissions are explainable from the app 's feature list , though the " modify system settings* is a little unclear . hardware controls : once more a permission group . only used permission here is control vibration . so no danger from that , either . so the point is to look behind those " permission groups " what permissions are really requested by an app , and cross-check that with its features . if something 's unclear : ask , as you did : ) " better save than sorry " is a good attitude ! if you are still concerned , and rather want a more minimalistic solution ( as you do not need all those features ) , there are plenty alternatives . but i personally can warmly recommend you this app , from my own experience : it is easy to use , and never let me down in years . no " permission abuse " either .
if your phone is not rooted , then you can not access the " os " or the " programms " . when you plug your phone , you can only browse its internal and/or external storage in a file explorer . if you are not rooted , you can use adb to browse the " os " , but you can only view it and you can not access /data folder . if you are rooted , you can access and write all to the internal parts of the system , but it is dangerous if you do not know what you are doing . in every case , you can not see it through windows explorer .
as shywim wrote , direct access from your windows pc is limited to certain directories – by default . but there are some helpers available to give you more details . some examples include : davdrive lite – make the local file system available via webdav . this would require another 3rd party tool on your windows pc ( some webdav client ) ftpserver – a small and lightweight ftp server . i am not sure how much of your internal storage can be exposed with this without root . airdroid – access your files ( and much more ) via your web browser on the pc . airdroid is a feature-loaded remote maintenance tool for your android device , and does much more than just let you copy/paste files . as you are using windows : myphoneexplorer client might be worth a look as well . it requires a pc companion ( available for free on their website ) , and offers you a lot of additional features to maintain your android device remotely . of course , there would be other means . also already mentioned was adb . for this , you might want to take a look at qtadb as graphical frontend – and at is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to get adb set up without too much overhead .
you do not mention which android version is running on your device . with &lt ; 4.0 , chances are close to zero : without root access , you cannot access those places . with 4.0 and up , you theoretically would have the possibility to use adb backup ( see e.g. our backup tag-wiki ) . thing is , you have to approve that from your device by tapping " ok " on the authentication popup – which is not possible with a broken screen . tl ; dr : it is not possible .
summary of comments , as requested by the op : if your device is running android 4 . x , you can simply go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , scroll to the app , oben its entry , and hit the " disable " button -- et voila , it is " gone " , and will no longer appear in any other place . if you need it again at a later point , it will still be at the end of the list , so you can enable it again . note though , that some manufacturers / rom builders decided to preventing some apps from being disabled . nothing you can do in that case without root . if you rooted your device , on the other hand , apps like e.g. titanium backup ★ root would let you freeze those apps as well . note also gathrawn 's comment : if you do not configure the email app , it will not run . some homescreen replacements ( aka " launchers" ) allow you to hide unwanted apps from the app drawer ( e . g . go launcher ex ) , so you at least can ban them in some way .
it is possible that the usb cable is designed for charging only ( i.e. . not a data cable ) , or is of poor quality . off-topic : although not a usb cable , i have encountered otg cables that could not detect a usb drive . in this case , it was a poor ( or defective ) otg cable ; other cables were able to detect the usb drive . related posts ( external ) : all micro usb cables are not created equal ?
if you buy a nexus phone , you get official instructions from google on how to root the phone . i would recommend you hold on a couple of months for the phone that will replace the nexus 4 . i have had a nexus 4 for half a year and it is pretty good for the money i paid for it .
no . most phones come with " stock " roms , possibly stock android or stock manufacturer-modified roms . most manufacturers , if not all , will not give you root access because they do not want you to play around with your phone , which may give them headaches ( a metaphor ) in case you go to them to fix it . some may not even fix phones that are rooted .
try the app purchased apps . you can now browse and install your previous application purchases . it shows only applications that you purchased , you do not have to dig through hundreds of free apps anymore .
https://play.google.com/apps should show all the apps you have purchased under my apps . you had probably have to work out which one of those apps is the one you are thinking about though
i think what you want is the my orders page . this is reachable from the play store web site by under the " gear " menu in the upper right . i see all of the things i have purchased from google play , including apps , music , etc . for what it is worth , there does not appear to be a way to get a list of your orders from within the play store app . however , i do see a list of transactions in my google wallet app , although admittedly they are not all necessarily from the play store .
your google wallet shows all the transactions you made within google’s websites . since it’s your bank statement that shows a payment to google , it could be a range of things you paid for . visit wallet . google . com and in the transactions tab you will find all the purchases with name , date and value . when you click the transaction it shows you what you purchased , and even the credit card you used .
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the user dictionary is a background service that can be disabled . if you are running a similar device look into the following : settings\app manager\all\user dictionary click the disable button . if you are using a different device or system this could get you started in the right direction .
while the permission might make sense , the explanation does not at all . to my knowledge , READ_PHONE_STATE has nothing at all to do with a firewall or networking . it is a read permission ( so what could that have to do with passing a firewall ? ) , giving access to your imei/imsi and phone number lets the app figure out whether a call is in progress if a call is in progress , gives access to the phone number of the remote device i bet the app has the INTERNET permission as well ( confirmed as per google play link you provided ) . the app is free of charge . minimum android version is 2.0 , so READ_PHONE_STATE was not forced on it ( it is enforced for android versions up to 1.6 ) . so i rather assume it carries some ad module which requires this permission : the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE is very common to those ( it needs to obtain the ad information , and most likely uses your imei to identify you -- in a positive sense , to see what ads have already been shown ; but of course it could as well be used otherwise ) . if you have already installed that app , you can verify this using e.g. lookout ad network detector or trustgo ad detector . you could also check with addons detector to see if it carries any other module piggie-back ( e . g . for analytics , which again would explain READ_PHONE_STATE to identify your device ) . second thought : why would that app need to get through the phone 's firewall ( if there were any ) ? is not it supposed to do connections to the outside ? if that would require anything else but the INTERNET permission , what should the INTERNET permission stand for ?
this is probably largely a preference thing , but a couple of things i can think of off the top of my head : the built-in tethering may only be usable with an extra fee on top of a normal data plan , whereas third-party apps with work regardless . i am not really privvy to at and t 's plans these days , so i can not say for sure in your specific situation . this mostly only applies to stock roms , as a non-stock rom usually also subverts any kind of tethering fee ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) . many third-party tethering apps will give you a display of data in/out when running so you can keep track of your data usage . some also display battery level and temperature . the built-in wireless tethering provides wep/wpa encryption and the like , but some third-party apps support additional security such as mac address filtering and the like . not all devices are supported by all third-party apps , but the stock tethering should obviously work on your device if it is enabled in the settings . third-party apps may in some cases require a custom kernel in order to function the way you would expect ( in infrastructure mode ) and will create an ad-hoc connection on unsupported devices/kernels ( not really ideal ) . the built-in tethering may have better widget integration . on cyanogenmod roms , for example , you can enable/disable the wireless hotspot from the power control widget , whereas you had need a separate one for a third-party tethering app . if you do not need the " power " tools and such then the stock tethering should function fine . i have generally used that on my evo and i certainly have no complaints about stability or speed as compared to other apps i have tried . from that standpoint i have not noticed any real difference .
enable usb debugging from settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development then connect your phone to a machine that has superoneclick installed . open superoneclick , click the root button and . . . viola : )
sorry , this answer is slightly off-topic but still important for your use case . the thing you are most likely to have to worry about is heat . having the screen on will generate heat , and you will need to plug into an external power source which when charging the battery will also generate a lot of heat . this could damage the internal components ( including the screen ) over a long period , but unfortunately i do not have any evidence to support this .
it does not work with my hp wireless printer :- ( at the moment google cloud print requires a pc connected to the printer - hardware manufacturers are supposedly going to release printers with the software built in - but seeing as the software is nowhere near complete . . . it could be years and you will need a new printer ! the hp printer has its own method for mobile printing though . hp have a system where you send a special address your documents as email attachments and the printer will print them . the same printer works fine with iphone directly . my wife just taps print and it prints her documents . . . i think android needs to get printing using existing standards asap .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
it does require a samsung printer . from the android market description : compatible with samsung wireless and networked printers only thanks for mentioning the app . it did not come pre-installed on my phone and i do have a samsung wireless printer .
there is really no way to answer this question . there are devices out there that got to version 1.6 and are at the end of the line . i have a droid with froyo ( 2.2 ) and do not expect to get any more os updates . it all depends on the hardware and , most importantly , how much effort the manufacturers and/or carriers want to put in to update the device . if the past is any indication , the answer there is " not much " . they seem much more interested in selling their new phones . while google and the manufacturers recently met and said that there will be more of an effort to support and update devices for at least 18 months , we have not seen the results of that . while they occasionally backpedal on announcements of " no more updates " it has not been very frequent . if past performance is any indication , i think you can expect a few point releases , and perhaps a full release ( to version 4.0 ) but beyond that i do not think is going to happen . this is , of course , speculation , and this is now a fairly long non-answer answer to an unanswerable question .
if you have wifi access in your place and the tablet is rooted , you can try adbwireless to see if adb runs well in your tablet . if it works then the problem may be your broken usb cable or usb connector .
are you in the groups permission to access this , on mine ( arch 64bit ) its and my user id is under the group called ' androiddev ' to add your user id to the group , sudo usermod user_id -G androiddev -a
that depends on your android version and device , but based on what you said it seems like you should be able to . you can try volume in settings , or you can download volume control and control various different volume levels and settings . several attempts to get this are posted here , but it does not seem like some devices have it .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
i like slider widget - volumes . a small widget that gives control of the screen brightness and the sound volume directly from your home screen . you can easily manage those with the widget 's slider or your hardware buttons . with a double click , you can also use the buttons to toggle . slider widget shows 6 categories ( e . g brightness or ring volume ) , which you can choose from 7 categories ( more below ) . you can also change the order of the categories displayed in slider widget .
if you do not need them anymore , then you should be able to delete them . i am not familiar with zinio , but is there a way to safely delete the magazines within the application ? i would try that first . deleting these files may cause app instability if it is expecting them to be there ( when they are not ) . try moving them somewhere else ( do not delete them just yet ) and see how the application behaves with them " missing/moved " .
no ! no ! no ! do not you dare ! your phone does not know your password . when you log in it is issued an ( oath ? ) authentication token so it does not have to deal with passwords . this is not an omission , they did not just forget that someone might want to change their password , i am 100% sure that this was intentional . the moment you start dealing with passwords for a second more than absolutely necessary you are doing it wrong . this would be security hole the size of the marina trench . you had either have to : store the password on the device let users who do not know the password change it . if you are considering the first one you might as well tell as your password now - it is so bad i can not even find words to explain it . the second one is just as dangerous . rooted users ( and thus apps ) can access your authentication tokens . but that is alright since they are easily revoked and they can not access your authentication settings . now , if you allow users to change passwords using anything other than the web interface and let them not have to enter their password you have the aforementioned hole in your system . one can write a malware that changes your password . so be a good lad and use your browser .
not a perfect solution but you can change your password by opening you google account/gmail on your phone browser .
it is not possible at this time . should it be ? i think so but like a lot of features that i think google should implement , they do not necessarily agree .
check out connectbot . An SSH and telnet client, and terminal emulator for local shell. Supports multiple sessions, including running them concurrently.
try juicessh . it works perfectly and manages all connections and files in a secure way .
since this shows up in some searches i might as well throw this answer in . i use better terminal emulator pro as it has better support for things like the asus tf300 with the dockable keyboard . including supporting the tab key that others sometimes have issues with . it does cost money though . it does support ssh keys though they do have to be converted since it uses dropbear ( as many others appear to ) as the backend .
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
its the data option you need to dial ##data# and touch edit then enter your 6 digit msl codeyou get from your carrier . then touch more then touch hdr/1x selection . from there you chose your preferred method it probably was on evdo only but check cdma or cdma lte if you get 4g . now you touch back button til you asked to recycle phone after that you should see signal bar once restarted . hope this helps .
this is usually because you have very low signal ( ie no bars ) but are still connected to the network . does it ever show any signal bars or is it just when you are in certain locations ? can you provide a screenshot of the status page ( go to settings > about > status ) which shows the signal strength ? this might help to see how much signal you have . edit : your signal strength values look way off . . . on my nexus 4 ( and all other android devices i have owned ) these values are more like -85dbm 14asu did you flash a new radio when you went to cyanogenmod ? i would suggest looking for the latest radio available for your device ( probably start on xda ) and see if that makes any difference .
looks like this feature was disabled in the latest version of swype : http://forum.swype.com/archive/index.php/t-6439.html phargarten 06-22-2012 , 11:16 am hey swypers , we have changed the delete behavior a bit -- and while it took me a day to get used to it , i have to say it has sped up my swyping a bit . so here 's a couple changes we have made to the deletion behavior : pressing delete after swyping a word will delete the entire word . we find that swype is rarely off by a little . if we do not guess the word you want , you probably want to delete the whole word and swype again , rather than deleting a few characters . so delete after a swyped word will delete the entire word . for this reason , the long press " delete word back " function has been removed . remember , you can always press the swype key to highlight the word next to the cursor . swype another word to replace the highlighted text . cheers and happy swyping ! peter@swypesupport
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
you might try an application like tasker . it detects state changes and events and allows you to change settings or take other actions based on that . it is really quite powerful in that regard . here 's a link to the app market https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskermfeature=search_result please note that i am in now way affiliated with the company . i just like the product .
if your phone is rooted , i would highly recommend droidwall . it is a firewall application that allows you to restrict access to internet by application . it has separate permission settings for wifi and cell data , which allows you to restrict the data usage by the connection as well . chances are though that you will also need to be running a custom rom or kernel that has " iptables " module built-in . in terms of minimizing data usage in general , there are several settings you can play with . i would recommend going all manual by disabling " auto-sync " and " background data " options under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync . then take a look at interval update settings in all 3rd-party apps you use for services such as twitter ( twidroid , seesmic , etc . ) , facebook , e-mail ( k-9 mail , e-mail , gmail , etc . ) , rss feeders ( newsrob , feedr , etc . ) , and others ( widgets , weather apps , etc . ) most such apps let you configure the update interval via settings . either make them all disabled/manual , or use the farthest update interval they allow . also disable any notifications in these apps so that they use even less data . you might also be able to use some apps/widgets that toggle the data connection ( without affecting the cell signal ) and only enable it when you need to use apps requiring data ( retrieve e-mail , catch up on tweets , use browser , refresh weather status , etc . ) and then toggle it back off when you are done .
as far as i am aware , you can not actually sync the birthdays to your contacts . it is however possible to sync your facebook events ( including birthdays ) to your android calendar . all you need to do is add your facebook calendar to your google calendar . you can find out how to do this here
as other said , you just can not . because , every new version of android comes with its ' new feature written within its ' package ( which we know as firmware ) so , if you want to have those there is no way . but , still , you can have some taste of newer version of android on your old one by replacing your stock application with 3rd party application . in some cases , those applications are way better then the stock one . for example you can use a 3rd party dialer and sms app replacing the stock one . how to ? well off-course you have to be rooted . then use any app that can uninstall system app and make any 3rd party app as system app . in my case i depend on link2sd to do this job . this is the only way you can get the flavor of newly release features on your old stock firmware ( android version ) . hope that helps .
short answer : no ! that would cause the handset to boot-loop or cause f/c ( force close ) as ice cream sandwich and later , their apps are relying on the v4 . x framework . by bringing it across to gingerbread could spell disaster and " weird " issues with the handset . however , bringing across gingerbread 2.3 . x apps across to ice cream sandwich should work , ( paradox ahead . . . ) as ics upwards would have compatibility layer within their framework for running apps that target below ics ! hope this part makes sense !
i was frustrated for a long time with the same problem . an app called wifi fixer seems to have fixed it . hope that helps you too .
looks like you found a null pointer dereference in dexopt . you should report this on the official android bug tracker , though you may find it is already fixed in a newer version . as for your immediate problem , you might have to boot into recovery and do a factory-reset from there .
did you try to delete the data of the play store under settings-> apps-> all-> play store ?
also try logging into the play store on your pc 's browser .
i do not know why did i read " black in time " , which makes no sense : but as you wrote " my phone was in a back date " – check your time settings , please ! if your device time is too far off , certificates will cause trouble , which finally results in exactly that : no secure connection possible , and you cannot access your account . in cases like that it often helps to set the time manually ( must not be to the second , if it is a minute off it is still fine ) . then try again . you can set time adjustment to " automatic " again later . background : certificates have a " livetime " , including a start and an end . if your device is outside this frame , the certificate is either only valid " in the past " or " in the future " , but not " now " . so your device will reject it . without a valid certificate , the google play app will not be able to establish a secured connection , and thus give you an " unable to access " ( or similar ) error . same applies btw . to other apps using secured connections – including the web browser when accessing sites via https . the latter you can use to check whether you have tapped into this trap : start your web browser , try accessing e.g. https://www.google.com/ , and see what happens . if you get a " certificate warning " , that is it .
there is no easy way to control the mentioned scenario , since you may get away from your phone , leaving behind the device used to alert you . i have been playing around with an app , that basically runs a task when a certain action occurs within your phone . the test i performed , was having my phone playing a really loud sound if my phone gets disconnected from the bluetooth earpiece . it works , i go away from my phone and as soon as the bluetooth gets out of range , the phone starts to play the music . i hear the music and remind myself that my phone was left behind . of course that if you use dragon v2 bluetooth headset , it will only get out of range after 100 meters , which is roughly 10 times more distance than a regular bluetooth earpiece . : ) tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
sure you can remove the official facebook app in fact i also uninstalled it by resetting to factory setting and wipe user data . and then i link facebook account to accounts and sync . it works perfect for me .
have you tried haxsync ? i use it to sync high-res profile pictures to my contacts , but i also use the facebook sync , so i do not know which one syncs the phone numbers and emails .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
short answer you cannot do that without having your device rooted , as the file permissions will not allow you to list contents there . you will be able to change into /data/data , but you will not see a single thing there . longer explanation while one might be able to access /data/data without root ( i.e. . change into that directory ) , permissions are set to forbid listing its contents : this is what happens on a device without root ( output created just now on my cat stargate 2 running android 4.1.1 ) . repeating the same on my htc wildfire running cm9 ( android 4.0.4 ) and having root access enabled looks a little different , and should give us the wanted details ( output cut to the necessary stuff ) : adb shell root@android:/ # ls -l /data drwxrwx--x system system 2013-02-27 02:01 data  as it is clearly shown , /data/data is owned by the user system group system , with this user and group being the only having full read/write/execute access . everybody else only has execute permission , enabling all processes to change into that directory . this is necessary for the apps to access their data : they know their package names , and such an app named com.foo.bar can directly jump to /data/data/com.foo.bar which it owns and has full access to .
simply use a file manager app like androzip file manager keep in mind that you cannot edit the files if you do not have root access . it is not harmful only to read the files though .
you can do it with es file explorer ( only if your device is rooted ) step 1: press menu button --> select root explorer step 2: ( a prompt will popup for giving super user permission ) allow permission step 3: ( another pop-up ) click on mount r/w , by default there is read permission ( do this only if you need to write something , else leave it ) step 4: access any system folder
i had the same problem . turn off your phone and then press both the power button and the volume down button at the same time and it will do a factory reset .
i ended up being too reluctant to downgrade again ! apparently lg have finally released an australian update so i just downloaded a stock p990 froyo rom , installed it via cwm , wiped data and cache , and everything works fine now ! it even fixed a bunch of issues i was having with usb drivers .
after restoring your backup of the original firmware , in recovery select Wipe Data/Factory Reset  this way you have the original firmware ( except for the recovery partition ) but without any user data .
i have experienced this problem myself . when you install cyanogenmod it changes the filesystem type to ext4 . however , your stock 2x backup almost definitely used the ext3 filesystem . if you want to revert to a stock rom on the 2x after trying cyanogenmod then the following tool can convert your filesystem type back to ext3: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1021549 just download the zip and apply it like a normal rom in nandroid or clockworkmod . once it is done just restore your backup as normal .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
the apple high-power charging method is vastly different from the rest of the world ( my htc , the wife 's samsung , etc ) . so do not assume an apple fast charger will work on anything but an apple .
this turns out to be more complicated than just the amperage rating of the power adapter . this xda post says that the tablet itself may ' step down ' to 0.5a charging if it cannot detect the right support in the usb host . there are some additional details in this post but i do not grok them . that thread led me to this slashdot comment which seems very useful and knowledgeable . if i understand the story correctly , unless the tablet can negotiate with the host device , the amount of power it can draw is limited . a physical " hack " ( now part of a usb standard ) in the adapter can make it clear to the usb client ( the tablet ) that there is no host device ( its a wall wart ) , so it can charge faster . without the hack , the device is limited in the amperage it can use . more details on the usb charing spec are on wikipedia . i just verified some of this with my samsung galaxy tab 10.1 and the no-name 2a usb wall charger i have . if i plug my tablet into this " unapproved " usb adapter , then i get a little red " x " on the battery charge indicator in the system tray . additionally , i get the " media scanner running . . . " alert ( which i think means that the tablet thinks it might be connected to a computer ) . i cannot tell at what rate ( 2.5ma , 500ma , 2a , etc ) the tablet is actually charging at , though . if i plug the tablet into the ' approved ' wall wart , i get no such red " x " , nor any " media scanner " alerts . all that said , in practice , i have found that the tablet will charge up on my no-name usb adapter . i am not sure if that is because i tend to turn the screen off ( and i do not have 3g ) , and thus the power draw of the sleeping tablet is less than the 500ma , or if its actually getting the full 2a . i think the upshot is that any reputable wall charger or anything labeled as " compatible " with an iphone or ipad will probably support the usb charging spec , and thus will fast-charge a samsung galaxy tab . but i am just guessing . it would be nice if there was an official usb logo or label for chargers that supported this mode . . .
i have no idea if there is some kind of separate " minimum " spec for this , but the oem charger is ~2a ( so 4 times the usb2.0 spec 's 500ma ) :
5volts 2amps for samsung tab 2-or look at the back of your tablet its there its also on the chargers specs , do remember the specs of the original charger and match it to the new charger .
luckily rooting the motorola defy is pretty simple and does not require any extraneous measures . please see this link for a tutorial on how to root and install a custom recovery ( ie . clockworkmod ) on your motorola defy . as far as installing an ics rom , after doing some research it appears there is not a fully functional rom available yet . however , if you are willing to give up a feature or two , you may be able to get a stable release running on your phone . please refer to the xda wiki page specifically for the ics development status on the motorola defy for more information about the project .
i know that chrome for android ( not the android stock browser ) does have websocket support , and you can set a default homepage , not sure about fullscreen mode though .
i know that dolphin was a web browser specifically designed for the android platform . it was so successful it was then introduced for ios devices . i do not know if it will accomplish your needs , but if it can not then . . . you can get it from google play store . alternatively you may like to try maxathon cloud based browser http://www.maxthon.com/
motorola charm has a proximity sensor located on the upper left corner ; as stated in motorola charm product support site , external lighting conditions will affect this sensor . my suggestion is : each time you need to use the touchscreeen while making a call , try to " trick " the proximity sensor illuminating it with a flashlight or led , so the sensor " thinks " that you have moved away the smartphone , thus re-enabling the touchscreen circuits . if you do not have any of these items on hand , look for a place with bright light toward which to move yourself/your phone .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
out of the box , no . lg 768 user manual lg devices do not have the full device encryption capability with the stock rom , but you can always install an app to deal with that : sse - universal encryption secret space encryptor ( s . s.e. ) password manager , message ( text ) encryption and file encryption integrated in the all-in-one solution . store and manage all your passwords in one secure place protected with one master password . keep your messages , notes and other texts safe from unintended readers . securely encrypt your private and confidential files or whole folders . wiping ( secure delete ) feature is included . everything is encrypted using strong encryption algorithm : aes ( rijndael ) 256bit , rc6 256bit , serpent 256bit , blowfish 256bit/448bit , twofish 256bit and gost 256bit ciphers are available . other utils : password generator , clipboard cleaner , algorithm benchmark , . . . minimal permissions . no ads . cross-platform ( windows , linux , mac os x , . . . ) gui version and command line version of the file encryptor is available on the application home page ( download section ) . this software is open source project – we have nothing to hide , so you can have securely hidden everything you need . ( as open source , this software is published under tsu - §740.13 ( e ) encryption export license exception )
it would depend on the device . some devices have/had some real serious issues with their gps . the galaxy s is one of them . it can take 10 seconds for it to get a gps lock or it could take a minute ( or even more ) . if you never have any issues with your device , then i would not recommend running an application like this . if you can get a gps lock within a few seconds or so and it is accurate , then i would say just leave it alone .
no idea what that app does . if your gps is not locking as fast as you like , one option is to redownload the gps assistance data . an app like " gps status " can do this for you . here 's a qr code for it .
no . if you do not uninstall the existing app , and you use adb install to install the new apk , the existing app data will be preserved . note that you can only do this if the package names match and the old and new apks are signed with the same developer certificate : if the package names do not match , then both versions will be installed side-by-side , and the new one will not have access to the old one 's data . this might happen if the developer has slightly different variants for the app depending on the distribution channel ( e . g . a variant for google play , and another for direct apk download ) . if the signatures do not match , then installation will fail with an error message telling you that is what went wrong . the only way to fix that is to use an apk signed by the original developer .
mine 's working the way you expect it should . i had a problem with duplicates when using services to help keep my contacts " clean " and to import from other services . in particular soocial kept giving me dupes . so , the first thing i would do is make sure you are not using something like that . i suspect that something is " out of whack " ( to use a technical term ) with the synchronization data . i would try the following : make sure the data in google contacts is in tip-top shape . merge duplicates , get everybody in the right group , etc . export all contacts ( just in case ) then , delete the contact data on the phone . you will probably want to turn off synchronization before you do this . then turn synchronization back on . everything should be copacetic .
well , since no one answered , i will answer with what i eventually figured out . i just installed a new music player , because i hate samsung 's . i used widgetlocker to put widgets on my lockscreen , and phantom music control to get a better-looking widget to put on my lockscreen .
you can use droid@screen to see the screen on a computer . since you have stock ics , droid@screen should be enough to boot into stock , remove the cm10 install and/or do a factory reset .
q : is there a workaround ? a : open a link from the gmail app ( goes into chrome ) , open a new tab and leave it empty , then go back to gmail and click another link , it does not replace the first one in chrome . you end up with two non-empty tabs open . is that a satisfactory workaround ?
if your phone is rooted you can solve this via a shell command : mount -o bind [ path to new location ] /mnt/sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . music/ ( replace [ path to new location ] with a folder on your external sd-card ) it will basically redirect every access to the default folder to the folder which is specified . you probably need to do this every time you reboot your phone , so you may be interested in putting a script which does that into autostart . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1785245page=2
i found that i was just able to use a couple of sym-links to solve this problem . all you need is a rooted device . i have written up a simple guide here : http://charleswilkinson.co.uk/2013/07/24/using-external-sd-card-with-google-play-music-app/ however as requested , here is a summary for posterity : prerequisites : your phone must be rooted . you must have a terminal emulator installed . you must have a file explorer app installed . you should know what a terminal is . read here to learn what a sym-link is . steps : go to settings > applications > google play music . ‘force stop’ the app and clear all app data . open your file explorer of choice and create a directory ( folder ) on your external sd card called ‘googlemusic’ . inside this directory create two more : ‘files’ and ‘cache’ . open terminal emulator and enter the command : su - the superuser app will ask you to grant root privileges . hit ‘allow’ . enter the following commands in order : cd /data/data/com . google . android . music ln -s /mnt/external_sd/googlemusic/cache cache ln -s /mnt/external_sd/googlemusic/files files you’re done !
go to settings> accounts> google> location settings and turn " let google apps access your location " on .
i used to face the same problem for long time . but now i have got the solution . very easy : go to menu &rarr ; settings &rarr ; advanced &rarr ; protocol and choose http only . it works for me : )
wi-fi is used for just wireless networking ( not necessarily for internet sharing ) . so , if you get bars on wi-fi , it does not mean you have got internet access . wi-fi can be used to share files or gaming , for example . in your case , i suppose . . your school 's campus wi-fi would be providing internet ( the only purpose they advertise wi-fi campus ) . if you are unable to get to the internet , it means access control of wi-fi router is blocking you . why ? ask wi-fi administrator . the probable reason : you have not registered your device . but , before asking wi-fi administrator , use fing - network tools to check tcp connection with external host . if there is really a problem , contact wi-fi administrator . there is nothing more you can do . disclaimer : i answered after presuming that your apps can connect to internet over other wi-fi networks .
i have seen some lame wifi gateways ( especially at hotels ) that only intercept correctly for top-level urls like "http://www.somesite.com", but more specific urls like "http://www.somesite.com/this/that/another" do not work because they get redirected to "http://192.168.0.1/this/that/another" which does not work on the lame gateway . so , try browsing to "www.google.com" or any other bare url to trigger the login page .
you did not specify whether you are using opera mini or opera mobile , opera mini uses compression proxy server to optimize the page for your device ; and this almost invariably breaks in-browser wifi authentication page since the browser will try to connect to its proxy which it can not do because the gateway blocks access to the proxy until you authenticate . opera mobile by default do not use the compression proxy , but if you turn on the turbo feature then it will use the proxy . you still can use opera mini or opera mobile with turbo if you authenticate using the regular browser then switch to opera . if you are using opera mobile , then switch off turbo temporarily for the authentication page .
possible drawbacks as for the " drawbacks " part , there are different things to consider : windows cannot read ext4 mac/linux/*nix should have no trouble with it using mtp , windows will not have any trouble either if your rom supports ext4 , there should be no local problem you might want to switch to a different rom one day -- that rom might not support ext4 ( unlikely , but not impossible ) there are several situations to consider , as well : if you one day get trouble with your card which cannot be solved " locally " ( e . g . the card no longer mounts locally , or cannot be mounted via mtp/ums , or you need to do a recovery of accidentally deleted files ) , you might need to attach it to your pc using a card reader ( ext4 &harr ; windows : fail ! ) if you lend your device to somebody only having windows , he might encounter problems if you one day sell your device , you have to keep this in mind , too though for the last two situations , the solution might be simply to remove/replace the card , or re-format it ( in the last case ) . how to do it still here ? ok , so the drawbacks seem to be negligible . there are multiple ways of how to get your card formatted with any file system : use a card reader on your linux-pc or mac , and the mkfs command with the -t ext4 option ( and additional parameters ) use a terminal app to do this locally on your device ( see my answer on how can i format a flash drive using terminal emulator ? for details )
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
where are you hearing this ? the nexus s can absolutely support video chat , it has a front-facing camera . whether a video chat app supports the nexus s is a different question . google talk is supposed to support video chat in honeycomb , hopefully it will be released for gingerbread and support the nexus s as well . the nexus s can not take hd video due to software restrictions , from everything i have read ( example ) . i think it just was not prioritized since the nexus s is a " developer phone " . ( if you meant to ask if it can play hd video the answer is yes , depending on the format and such ) .
i do not know whether samsung includes an own solution -- but there are several apps available on the playstore which can work with exchange : k-9 mail probably is the most popular mail app . it supports exchange via webdav . touchdown for smartphones is said to work very well with eas , and syncs emails , contacts , calendar and tasks with your android device moxier mail ( exchange ) also claims to do there are several more apps available -- but these three should get you started ( well , i guess you got started meanwhile ) . . .
i know this app on the google play : wireless headphone that does exactly what you want . you need a 3.5mm-to-3.5mm audio cable and connect your tv 's headphone output to your laptop microphone input . and then you can listen to the audio on your android phone .
i had an htc desire some time ago , the solution for this kind of problem is to use any app2sd method . the idea behind app2sd is the following : 1 . partition the sd card to add a 512mb partition . 2 . symlink the directory /data of your phone to that partition . with that , you will have a " virtual " /data of 512mb ( enough to install a lot of apps ) and the phone will not be whining about free space . you will need to have a custom recovery in order to achieve this ( root not needed ) . you can check some apps2sd scripts in the xda forum . you will only need to follow the instructions there , but is as simple as partitioning the sd card ( you can do that from the recovery ) and flashing a zip file .
with ics and up ( i.e. . android 4.0+ ) , or if you consider rooting your device , there is something else you could do : freeze the marketupdater using androids manage applications ( ics and up ) -- or , before ics , e.g. titaniumbackup optionally uninstall all updates to the playstore app alternatively , maybe even better ( depending on the version of market/playstore app pre-installed on your device ) -- but requires root ( as the legacy play store needs to be installed as system app ) : freeze the marketupdater as above freeze the playstore app along =:-0 install legacy play store instead :- ) no more updates ( as that legacy play store will not be updated -- it is an older version of the playstore/market app , patched to be used in parallel to the recent version ; it has some features which were removed from the current versions ) , and a less-overloaded playstore app are the results .
i have this very problem , occasionally it'll make it half way down before sticking , and it is driving me nuts . someone pointed out it is most likely to do with ram usage , clearing of which does seem to help for a period of time but is not a permanent fix . i have tried changing launchers ( from zeam back to touchwiz to launcherpro ) and applying a lagfix , both of which seemed to work , again for a time , but it has since come back . i have uninstalled my newest applications and have not nailed down an exact culprit but there must be something hiding in there as this is a relatively recent occurence .
i have a galaxy s captivate , and do see this occasionally . it only happens for me if i try to pull the notifications down while the phone is very busy doing something else , like installing/updating an app . it goes away for me by simply just pushing it back to the top then pulling down again .
i do not know if this is your problem or not , but i occasionally get this on my droid x . for me , it seems that it is stuck if i try to slide down from the notification bar and nothing happens . however , if i start sliding down from the " pull-down bar " , then it will move with my finger ( i.e. . starting on top of the " pull-down bar " rather than on the notification bar ) . another possibility is that your touchscreen could have some " dead areas " that cause this . can you reproduce this in landscape mode as well or is it only in portrait mode ? perhaps an app to test all touchscreen areas might help identify whether or not this could be the culprit .
i have found a workaround ! ! ! first some details . this happens on the galaxy s when you try to open the notification bar during high load . a reboot will reset it . but if you do not want to reboot : do this quickly : tap the notification bar , just before releasing it tap on the bottom half of the screen , release the finger from notification bar , release the finger from the bottom half of the screen . this will trigger the notification bar to fully open itself !
or you could just hit the menu button and select " notifications " . . . just sayin . . .
update your phone to gingerbread and this problem will go away . i upgraded my galaxy s to 2.3.3 and have not ever since seen this problem , which still happened with 2.2.1 froyo .
i am using aerosync it works well and it is free and unlimited storage on any number of device but no cloud storage , it is having client for all platform . but you can sync a folder i do'nt know whether it can sync the internal changes in a file or that file with the newly edited version
if you want an app for android that supports the ubuntu one cloud , then try es file explorer it can be found in the google play store for free . it is a file manager but has cloud features as well . instead of having a different app for each cloud service you use ( dropbox , ubunutu one , skydrive , google drive , etc . . this rolls em all into one and it supports a decent number of clouds . hope that is what you were looking for . !
dropbox is doing the trick for me ! now i can edit the same file both in vim on pc and in " db text editor " on my android phone . all synced in second in both directions . instal db both on your ubuntu and android . make link to any folder inside ubuntu one folder on pc ( say " my texts" ) and move such link into your dropbox folder on pc . put some file to " my texts " and try to edit on both devices .
i use an app called foldersync in conjunction with cryptonite . the former can synchronize any directory on your sdcard with a number of cloud providers . the latter handles encryption . you would use encfs on the desktop to run the encryption there .
it works similar to dropbox . you put a new text file into your ubuntu one folder on your pc , you check the app in your phone , and that same file will be there waiting for you . it works both ways .
this has happened many times to me , and every time it has been a bad cable . if you have one , try finding another usb cable to test it with , and see if it works . often some connection goes bad in the cable just from use and wear and it will only charge and refuses to transmit data . the other possibility ( this is known to be a problem with the evo 4gs , but i do not think i have heard of it on the galaxy s ) is that the usb port on your phone has been damaged or gone bad . this happened to my dad 's phone ( evo ) and they sent him a replacement . let us know what happens after you try a new cable !
regardless of an android device being a phone or tablet , i believe , that to make use of the core google apps you will need to tie directly to a google account . i am user of a moto xoom ( wifi only ) and this is absolutely true . so i would suggest adding a google account with the device ( settigns - accounts and sync ) .
in short , you have a non-google-approved device . that is why there are no google apps on it . and you can not download from the market unless you have the market installed on your device . there are ways to get the market on your device anyways , though . ( see this question ) . however , none of those ways will have a " reputable link " for you to download . you are going outside google and possibly the law , depending on your jurisdiction .
looks like this is a very common problem , and i guess the google guys are on it , but so far , no solution . i bought an archos tablet and for two days i have been trying to download and install a good browser . i tried every single solution i found in every single forum on line ( believe me when i say that it is a very common problem ! ! ! ) . no luck . what worked for me was quite simple : i found a website where you can download the same apps and they actually can be downloaded . you do not even need to create an account ! ! try it : http://www.freewarelovers.com/android . maybe you will find what you want . i did . good luck !
could not find a way to do this every time the app starts . i did discover that if multiple accounts have new messages at the same time , the app starts on the " accounts " page . it seems when you start the app it opens the account with new messages automatically , and only opens the " accounts " list if multiple accounts contain new messages .
there are few ways you can reset your android phone without losing anything . backup most your stuff on your sd card , and synchronize your phone with a gmail account so you will not lose any contacts . if you do not want to do that , there is an app called my backup pro that can do the same job . you can read more about how to ensure you do not lose any important information with a factory reset here .
if you do a factory reset , your sd card will not be touched . your pics , etc will all stay put . if you have selected your google account as the default way to store your contacts , they will all repopulated from google after you set up your phone . if you want to be sure you are saving settings , etc . download titanium backup from the google playstore and do a full backup . after you have reset your phone , reinstall ti and then do a restore from back up . super simple !
resetting your phone to factory settings will clear all the data on your phone memory , that is your contacts , calendars , applications downloaded from android market . factory resetting can be done in settings ( navigation : settings -> privacy settings -> factory data reset ) data backup can be done in settings ( navigation : settings -> privacy settings -> backup my data ) . backup data can be restored after resetting . certain applications give the option of data backup , if you have installed any apps from market , check for the option . data backup can also be done using the software cd provided with the phone . your photos , audio mp3s , and videos will usually reside in sd card and will not be erased . but its better you take out the memory card , and then go ahead resetting .
there is an app my backup pro which you could use . from the description it allows you to : backup ( with schedule option ) to our online secure servers , or sd card , your applications , photos , music , videos , contacts , call log , browser bookmarks , sms ( text messages ) , mms ( message attachments ) , calendar , system settings , home screens ( including shortcut positions ) , alarms , dictionary , music playlists , apns , and more . . . you can read more about it here .
i just a got an email from the heimdall dev , he said it is not compatible with the galaxy mini . thanks guys for your replies .
the official google play music app will download music as untagged , numbered mp3 files , as you said , and uses an internal mapping method to know which mp3 is which . however , the app offline music importer should do what you want . it is free for the first 50 songs ; after 50 it costs $2.49 to unlock . a description from their app page : why you need this app : when you make your google play music media available offline , you are storing cached music files in a special folder on your device . the media provider service within android can’t see the music in there . even if it could , the file names are meaningless and they don’t have any id3 tags . the service would not know what the song title is , what album it belongs to , what track number it is , not even the artist . the files are just raw music . for all those reasons , you can’t play those files properly in any other music player except the google play music player . this app gathers those meaningless music files , applies the proper id3 tags and artwork , moves the files to your /music folder on the sdcard , and updates the media provider . all your imported music will be available to any music player installed on the device .
just a note to help someone else with this on a samsung s5 lte could not be downloaded due to an error . ( 403 ) everything was going great with my brand new s5 , until i turned on the download turbo . note , prior to turning on the booster , i was installing apps successfully over a wifi connection . i turned on download booster hoping to install apps from previous phone quicker . natural enough thing to do when you have 30 apps to get through , would not you think ? all of a sudden i could not download anything from google the play store . oddly , the galaxystore ( a wierd extra play store that comes with galaxy phones ) worked , but most of my apps were not there , and those that were did not know i had purchased them . after perusing the web , and resetting things and changing google accounts , etc . , i finally tried turning of my wifi connection , and switching to only 4g mobile data . of course the s5 's download booster was off now . as if by magic , everything in google play store started working again ! okay , so maybe something in the download booster tries to make multiple connections to the google play store server , and it does not like that . so i turned off download booster , and turned on the wifi , and turned off the 4g mobile data connection . back to plain wifi , as per the data connectivity configuration that was working in the beginning . . . alas , google play store would not work again ( same error ) , even with only wifi on now . back to 4g , switch off wifi , everything works on google play store again . consternation ! in summary : if you have an s5 and you turn on the samsung 4g + wifi booster and connect to google play store , kiss your connectivity to google play store via wifi goodbye forever . you can still connect with just 4g mobile data ( as long as wifi is off ) . it is almost as if the google play store server remembers indefinitely that you once tried to connect with wifi and 4g together , and forbids your wifi connectivity henceforth .
download . apk file of google play from here . if your device has the option , first select ' uninstall updates ' from your app manager for google play app . then install this . apk file and then try using it . ( you should also remove your google acc before uninstall/install ) . let me know if this worked !
it seems there is a problem with google play . please take a look at the issue tracker .
remove google play store from the multitasking menu and try again
got it ! ! ( just had the same problem after updating from 4.3.2 to 4.4.2 ) go to settings - apps - all - and open google play store click on " force stop " then " clear data " then " clear cache " go back to settings - accounts - and remove account and add it back again ( available for kk ) or change it to the same actual password open market place and install a brand new app ( never used before ) and then install and update every thing you need : ) i9100 - cm11 kk 4.4.2 gapps- kk- 20140105
settings -> data usage -> press menu key -> auto sync data in settings go to accounts section--> google and select your account and check what ever you want to sync
you do not need android running to do a factory reset . try following the steps in this video to reset your tablet .
compiling applications does not take considerable processing power in general . i did it on my 286 all the time . the op wants gcc on his phone . look for c4droid ( c/c++ compiler ) in the google market . then install the " gcc plugin for c4droid " from the market . ( these do cost a couple dollars ) . from the market description : " it is a plugin for c4droid , that allows it to compile c and c++ source code using gcc . it contains gcc 4.7 with bionic ( android libc ) . source code had not been modified , so you can compile it yourself , if you want . " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.droidc https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.gcc4droid here 's another package that includes gcc from the market : " debian kit " - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dyndns.sven_ola.debian_kit
android applications are compiled in a pc and then installed on the phone . in order to compile an application you will need a considerable amount of computational power and a compiler , in this case , a c compiler . in other words , you need a computer to compile the application . you will need to download and install in your computer the android sdk , the gcc compiler and other tools and then you will be able to compile the application for your phone .
you can write , compile and distribute native code as an android application . look here for more info about the ndk . if you want it done without the official framework and application packaging then you will need to look into cross-compiling the application for the arm architecture .
i can not understand why i have to pay $3 for c4droid as it is just gcc with editor . use new free c/c++ ide and compiler on android . it has a lot of included c/c++ examples and tutorials . blog link , google play link . you can also use cctools as it is almost c4droid but free .
the app terminal ide has a built-in gcc arm compiler for android . you can install it , move it to another folder and then uninstall it . but make sure you have enough free memory .
manufacturers always specify the size of the chip here ( 4 gb ) . as that is the bigger number , it is also the better seller – and it is not a straight lie , as it is " internal storage " . but the fact they do not put in big letters is , that this storage is split – and only a part of it is available to the user directly . details are described in android folder hierarchy here on our site . a short abstract , concentrating on your issue , and for that simplified : " physical internal storage " is split into multiple parts , including . . . /system: read-only during " normal operation " . this is where the os is stored , and this is also where all the bloatware is installed ( which is what makes it so hard to remove ) . especially with samsung devices , this part often takes up half of the " chip " – which might already explain where your missing 2 gb ended up . /boot and /recovery: two special partitions for technical reasons . their names already indicate their usage . /cache: again a speaking name . /data: this is what is shown as " available space " to the user . here you can install apps , and they can store their data here . there is basically nothing you can do to gain additional internal space – unless you want to risk voiding your warranty , and have enough knowledge to " act behind the scenes " ( root the device , re-partition internal storage ) – which then might prevent system updates ( as they might check for the correct partitioning ) , so you are on your own with those .
i have made an app that supports a lot ( over 30 ) different layouts and for the latest version ( version 2.7 ) i have added the dvorak layout . it does not require root . you can read more about the app here : http://www.apedroid.com/android-applications/external-keyboard-helper
if your phone is rooted i think that you can write your own keyboard layout . i am using my own layout ( on sgs i9000 ) for some chinese blouetooth keyboard that i bougth recently . layout files are in /system/usr/keylayout/ directory . layout file that is used by my keyboard is Broadcom_Bluetooth_HID.kl . i think that layout used by built-in keyboard will be qwerty.kl - you could modify it and check if it is working . remember to make backups of original files before changing it . . .
the problem with recording is dependent on the kernel if that kernel has the capability to do so within the audio hardware driver ! that aside , another aspect , this governs actual phone calls , is that audio is a mutually exclusive thing , lift handset , audio , speaker is routed to respective hardware pieces , if not in call , audio and speaker gets routed to speaker ( combine that with headset and another route is made ! ) now i do not know if that principle applies to voip over wifi ( as have never tried it ! ) another thing , depending on where you are , this will be dependent on jurisdiction of your country , two way recording could be seen as illegal and may/could be equivalent to wire-tapping , ianal ! check first , if that is " ok to do " , then check with the party involved first if they actually mind being recorded , if not , then you could end up in trouble for invasion of privacy and recording their conversation without their consent i am loosely saying that as its a questionable thing to do and do not know legalese but its something to bear in mind .
this probably is too late to be of help to the op , but this question is valid and could be useful for others . found this : http://community.skype.com/t5/video-inactive/record-video-calls-windows/m-p/3012#m44 but it pertains to windows and not the phone environment . unfortunately on android , skype itself would have to have this feature for the best overall success . related topics with good answers : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url direct link : droid@screen an on-phone solution to recording audio would have to simultaneously record incoming mic audio ( from you ) and outgoing speaker audio ( from other ) . however , you could simply record the stream externally and use a movie/video editor to synchronize the video and audio streams .
you could do that with tasker . this app matches defined conditions with tasks -- i.e. you can tell it to execute a task ( which is a set of actions ) whenever a ( set of ) condition ( s ) is met . under conditions it lists " orientation " . as actions , it e.g. describes : vibrate on notify : whether to vibrate with a system notification . vibrate on ringer : whether to vibrate on an incoming call . so you could create a task named , say , novibrate , which says : vibrate on notify : off vibrate on ringer : off then create two profiles faceup and facedown ( there is no " or " connection possible with conditions , hence you need two profiles ) , each with the respective orientation , and have them execute the novibrate task . what happens then ? as soon as the phone is faceup or facedown ( where " face " is the display ) , vibration is turned off . and as soon the orientation changes , the prior setting gets re-activated . problem solved with the 6-letter-solver of ( almost ) all android problems : tasker : )
sorry , min , but that is a built in feature that i believe one cannot change . could you cover up the screen with something at night or just turn it over ?
do not know if you have done this , but try turning off the stay awake setting while charging ? from the home screen , tap all apps . tap settings . tap developer options . tap to check stay awake .
some of these may meet your needs better than others . not all are free . autosquare checkin assistant 4squareminder hopscotch
the old http post task method with tasker does not work anymore , ever since foursquare updated their api . this fsintents app does the job though . works really well ! https://market.android.com/details?id=com.joaomgcd.intentsfeature=search_result
your getting into tasker or locale territory here ( both are apps you can download from the marketplace ) . both apps allow you to configure anything you want on your phone and would probably allow you to configure this . you would need to setup gps points and actions that are triggered by entering those gps points in either app . keep in mind this will increase battery usage as your gps will have to beacon ( per how you configure it ) to determine if you enter those locations . might actually take less time and be all around easier to make a shortcut on your phone to foursquare and just open it . rather than go through and program one of those apps which would take some time .
i would also suggest radii auto checkin .
tasker can do it , using the foursquare api and the http post task in the http post task , fill out the form as follows : server:port -> user:pass@api . foursquare . com path -> /v1/checkin data -> vid=362349 private=1 facebook=0 twitter=0 vid is the numeric id you can get from foursquare . com by looking up the venue . i have it set to not share auto checkins with others . you can also use a tasker variable for vid and define the vid from other events . . ie , i have my office assigned by ' cell near ' , same with the park where i walk my dogs . . i just call the named tasker task and it checks me in when i get to that location . i follow it up with a ' notify ' action to let me know it checked it , and what venueid ( this was mainly for testing . . ) you will want to use a phone number login for foursquare , not a emailaddress . . the @ sign in the email will confuse the http post function .
i made a newer app that does exactly what you asked : check me in non commercial and free to use . the problem i had with the tasker approach is that it does not include your location in the http request , a tasker checkin is not valid for your mayorship .
drm stands for " digital rights management " , and mainly is used with sold ebooks/pdfs and the like ( and also for sold music files plus maybe even videos ) . those keys are to identify your id as to prove if you have permission to access those documents . if you never bought any of those " crippled " documents , chances are you do not have to bother .
hard to tell for sure without " direct access " , but here are the most likely answers : there are no files in that directory , so nothing to remove you cannot use rm to remove directories ( that is what rmdir is for ) that will most likely fail as well , since /system is usually mounted read-only ; ) the original command succeeded at last : most likely some file was created there in the meantime .
this sounds like something that you need to make sure your operator has enabled on your contract , normally with smartphones a data plan is a data plan , once you have got one they give you a ( monthly/weekly/daily ) bandwidth limit which you can use either on 3g or gprs , the operator does not care which you use . it sounds like you do not want to pay for a monthly data limit , you want to get a metered contract where you only pay for when you use it ( normally charged by the megabyte or by the hour , or something similar ) . you can then turn the data connection on or off depending when you want to use it . the exact setting for this can vary from phone to phone , but is normally under something like settings -> wireless and network -> mobile networks -> use packet data . on many phones you can also switch to only use gprs or 3g ( sometimes called gsm and wcdma modes ) but all that does is control the speed of your connection , not normally how you are charged .
i borrowed a friend 's fitbit and tried to sync it with my nexus 10 . i enabled bluetooth . i then installed the fitbit app and logged in as him . there is no option anywhere to sync the device . i then logged out , and created a new account . on a compatible device , once the account is created , it prompts you to sync a fitbit device . this question is never asked on the nexus 10 . circumstantial additional evidence comes from the large number of unhappy reviews citing device compatibility on the fitbit app page . so it is confirmed that despite the probable existence of the necessary bluetooth hardware/software , at the time of writing fitbit devices cannot be synced with the nexus 10 .
you can do that with the nook , first thing is to get access to the nook sdk , ( not just android here ) : https://nookdeveloper.barnesandnoble.com/ next , you will want to disable the home button , stack overflow has a good thread on this : stackexchange-url lastly when setting up your nook-esk kiosk be sure to set it up in a way to keep it plugged in . kiosks should always be powered , and a full battery drain will reboot the whole os .
rename the file with the appropriate extension and find out ( ie rename img1 . dup0 to img1-1.jpg and open it ) . in the case of the image files i think they are the corresponding thumbnails since the size is small
if you have access to a linux/unix pc ( including osx ) , you can use the file utility to identify the file type . for windows , you can install cygwin to get a unix environment that will have this utility .
adwlauncher ex has this feature as well . it can display either a generic folder icon or a circle with the apps within it much like stock ice cream sandwich . to change from folder icons to the preview icons : go to your home screen hit the menu key go to ADWSettings go to UI Settings go to Folders make sure Show Contents is checked
this will not help people who are still waiting for their phone to be upgraded , but the stock ice cream sandwich ( android 4 ) launcher has something similar built in - it shows a cascaded view of the first three icons in the folder .
any phone that supports nfc has the necessary " chip " already ( that is , the hardware supports that kind of transaction ) . the crucial factor is the software running on the phone . unlike with magnetic-stripe and chip-and-pin credit card transactions , there is no one standard : there are several competing contactless payment systems . google has google wallet ( but only in some countries ) , paypal has one , orange ( a phone network ) runs one in the uk . in addition , most bitcoin clients ( such as bitcoin wallet ) can use nfc to exchange payment details , but you still need a network connection to actually carry out the transaction . if you sign up for one of these payment systems , and you install their app on your nfc-capable phone , then you can use your phone to pay at any shop that supports that payment system . there is no extra hardware for you to add to the phone .
if you have an nfc chip ( and a secure element ( se ) , but as far as i know all current nfc phones have both ) then theoretically you should be able to pay for goods using google wallet , however only certain phones on certain networks are supported and it can only be used in the usa . edit : just to make it clear it may still be possible to pay for goods via nfc using your phone without a se but if you want to use google wallet then you will need both . it is feasible that companies could have their own custom payment application where you load credit onto it and have an id/cryptographic key stored in your device and then pay using that . i do not think this is too likely however because of the security implications of someone else using your id/key and also , what would the benefit for the merchant be ? they now have to support this nfc payment infrastructure and it saves them only a small percentage of money on credit card fees .
all batteries have some self-discharge so whatever their charge was initially they will discharge when sitting on the shelf . also most batteries effectively " die " if they undergo very deep discharge . this is why all batteries are shipped charged - either fully or partially . so when you buy a battery ( or a device ) the battery will always be charged to some level which will depend on the manufacturing process and the time the battery spent on the shelf . this is why the battery level showing " full " chargealone is not a sign of the phone being not new .
it is not uncommon that rejected/refurbished phones find their way back to the market as " new " ones . but in my ( and at least al everett 's ) experience , batteries are almost always shipped with some charge . i would not worry , as long as there are no other indicators that your device was pre-owned .
see wikipedia on lithium-ion battery technology ( especially sections " cell life " and " safety" ) . in short : cell life is best at ~50% charged safety requires the battery to be charged to above 3v ( and below 4.2v ) the best consumer experience would be to charge the battery to 100% the liion battery discharges itself during shipment/storage the battery 's internal charging level detector may be incorrect and needs some cycles to self-adjust as a trade off , it is charged to ( my guess ) 60% and then shipped . it is not full and may be even almost discharged when the customer gets it , thus tell them to charge it the first time . i guess the manual does not say it is empty , does it ? it is the best tradeoff between cell life and the customer 's first user experience with the device .
it’s very important to make sure you perform a backup of all your data before attempting to install this ! step 1 : make a backup of your all data . step 2: download the base firmware necessary ( your 's 4.0.4 stock firmware ) step 3: download it , after unzip the file . step 4: go to open odin 3.04 ( if you don’t have it you can download it from here ) step 5: restart your device into download mode , for make this press power and volume down buttons . step 6: connect phone and wait until you get a yellow/blue color with port number in odin software interface . ( if your system did not detect usb , re-install usb device driver/kies ) step 7: add the firmware_name . tar . md5 to pda , verify re-partition is not ticked , start flash , don’t touch anything and wait a few minutes . done . note : do it on your own risk
i highly doubt it is to do with being ' pre-paid ' or not . more likely , it could be from a number of reasons . such as internet connection where carriers can limit the download file size . i personally know that dl'ing larger files over the carrier network will fail unless it has a ' resume ' or some sort of authentication feature .
the internet permission should affect how your app runs ( or if it is visible on the market ) but i would not expect it to affect installation . do you have any additional permissions that you require ? is your app set to download by wi-fi only ? is it possible that you sometimes access a feature that you have not requested in the manifest ? for example , if you do not have access to a 3g network to you query the connectivitymanager to get a different connection ? your app may exhibit certain behavior only when it encounters a specific network configuration . you will have problems only when your app tries to use a permission that it has not requested . if your app is paid , it could be a problem with the customer 's payment method ( carrier billing may be a problem with prepaid ) . i sometimes see repeated attempts to purchase an app of mine , which are all declined .
quote op 's comment : thanks logos for the quick response , well actually its my office phone , i have rooted this phone and the only other apps i see are busybox installer , teeter and superuser . the weird thing is that with my office wifi i am able to access internet not apps , – amrit jan 7 at 10:56 it could be because your office wifi may be blocking that apps . ( eg : facebook )
solution which worked for me is by installing the configuration settings . call up the customer care and ask them send you the configuration settings . since you reset your phone old configuration settings would have been erased . once you install the configuration settings you will be able to access internet for all the apps .
that is a stumper - have you tried calling up your carrier and making sure that it is not an issue with them ? have you installed any permissions privacy management apps ? they might be blocking internet connectivity by default . failing that , the only suggestion i would be able to make is to do a full factory reset . . . not very appealing , i know .
have you tried evernote ? you can create notes in the phone and read on the web , and create on the web and view on your phone . the sync works perfectly !
this is a known bug in the android os . a senior at and t engineer let me know that this is a problem and hopefully it will be fixed soon . it is not a at and t , verizon or t-mobile issue . it is a problem with android : ( edit : he let me know that there is an app on the google store called " touchdown " that is a workaround for this issue .
might be a very good idea to reboot your device before continuing troubleshooting this . that /etc/fstab error should not have occurred , so likely there are some strange things hiding out if your ram right now .
i have found that android experiences random hangs and lockups when there are less than ~20mb of internal memory . in particular , i have found that on startup there will be a few force closes from the latin keyboard and the system ; also the phone becomes noticeably laggy . when there are less than 10mb , the phone is so laggy that it becomes totally unusable . you might want to clean up your internal memory and see if it helps with your problem .
there are a lot of apps in android market which offer import from your google reader subscriptions . the best of them according to lifehacker is doggcatcher podcast player . beyondpod podcast manager also offers import from google reader . but acast ' s description claims that the app has integration with google reader , not just import ( sorry , can not test it myself , this app crashed for me ) .
i would have to double-check on the reality of the sync/import part of the question , but you may want to look at beyondpod . it claims that it will sync read/unread status , but i have not used that capacity . i have used it for years ( on winmo long before android was available on a phone ) and have loved using it .
i assume you are talking about the home and launcher screens . the launcher is exactly that , a place for your to launch apps from , while the home screen can be populated by shortcuts , folders , and widgets which make content richer and more accessible . perhaps a defy owner may be able to suggest a reason as to why there might be lag and what to do about it , but it might just be a bit of struggle for your phone to load all the apps you have , which is dependant on memory size and cpu speed . perhaps a replacement launcher would be faster . the top two seem to be adw and launcher pro , of which i think launcher pro might be marginally faster . you might also want to try go launcher and zeam . do some research and testing . as well as being faster , their are often highly configurable . for instance , the feel of the native launcher on my samsung galaxy s2 is very ' tactile ' and ' organic ' despite the power of the handset . however , adw allows me to set the speed of the homescreen and appdraw so that it is snappy as hell . i can also create differing app draws , excluding unnecessary apps and allowing it to load faster .
i just bought the phone yesterday after reading a lot about it . my phone does not have any lag in the app launcher ( the screen with the shortcuts for the installed applications , vertical scroll ) and has about 50 shortcuts and it is quite responsive .
what you are describing as the horizontal scrolling is the home screen . it is there to hold shortcuts to apps and widgets . think of it as your pc 's desktop . the vertical scrolling list is the list of actual applications that are installed ( like opening c:\program files ) . when you add new apps , it might take a second or two for android to load their icons into the cache . so long as you do not install hundreds of apps , this should not get exponentially slower . i suspect that demo unit probably needed to be reset since dozens of people handle it every day . i have not played with the defy specifically , but i have a wide selection of phones running different oses at my desk and none of them are terribly slow in the launcher app .
there a quite a few sip clients last time i looked , but you need some sort of id you have to purchase elsewhere to make use of them . skype is supposedly coming soon and i think is available right now for verizon android phones . ditto fring . its a great app and probably one of the easier ones to use . plus you can do video conferencing with fring .
try fring it is all in one , unfortunately they do not support skype anymore , but ther is sip , gmail , msn and many others .
there are a number of sip clients available such as sipdroid , csipsimple , and linphone . sipdroid includes an option to create a pbxes . org account linked to your google voice account , allowing you to make and receive calls to and from pstn numbers for free , assuming you are in the us . ( after the account is created , any sip client can be used with the pbxes . org account . ) if you want to setup your own asterisk server , you can configure the trunking with google voice yourself . or you can use any other voip service that provides sip/pstn trunking . an alternative option is groove ip , which is a google talk client with voice support . this uses xmpp/jingle directly between your android device and google talk/voice . the free version only supports wlan networking ; the paid version works over mobile networks .
i do not know of any way to physically combine the two fields . however , the most recent update ( 11.1 ) added the following : one field does it all you can now type both web addresses and search queries in your browser 's address field . or , if you prefer , you can still use the search field with your favorite search engines . so if you start typing into the address bar , you will now be given the option to perform a search for whatever you entered . you just tap on the " search : [ text ] " item that appears under the address bar :
as per advice from narayanan , i replaced /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg with another .ogg file . the next time it was triggered , the new file played . i then tried placing an empty file at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg , but this did not work . finally , i downloaded a slient .ogg from here , placing it at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg . this worked perfectly .
i see sparhawk wants to disable the warning sound alone and not the popup . i stumbled on an xposed module which will disable both . i just keep this posted just in case if sparhawk wants to slightly compromise on the requirement and also probably will help others who read this post . text from the post : disable the low battery alert with xposed posted october 13 , 2013 at 12:30 am by will verduzcodifficulty:1 disable the low battery alert with xposed there are plenty of xposed modules out there . their purposes range widely from adding previously device-specific functionality to patching bugs , and everything in between . this is , of course , all made possible by xda recognized developer rovo89‘s fantastic xposed framework ( thread ) . the framework allows developers to create a module apk that is able to make a modification at runtime , while leaving original files intact . both a boost in ease-of-use and user safety , xposed makes device modification into a click and reboot affair . a new xposed module from xda senior member defim has appeared , and its purpose is to remove that annoying low battery popup alert that you are given when running low on juice . yes , being notified that your battery is running low is generally useful . however , for those of us who actively look at the battery meter in our status bars , it’s a bit redundant . furthermore , if you happen to be in a call when you receive this alert , it will generally turn on your screen , thus reactivating the touch sensor . for yours truly , this has resulted in accidentally ended phone calls , unintentional muting , and more . the module will work on any ics+ device with xposed framework installed . simply install the module , activate it , and reboot . to tame your low battery alert , head over to the module thread . the exposed module is available in this xda thread .
well , i am not going to take credit of this answer , i just googled out the answer of this question . head over to the /system/media/audio/ui it will have lowbattery . ogg file rename it to something different like lowbattery . ogg . bak or something else . it will not bother you . ps : you need to be a rooted user to do that and yes removing the lowbattery . ogg try renaming and let me know about it !
following the package name you provided , the app you are talking about is called gingerbread launcher free from the developer eugene373 . you must have installed this launcher before install go launcher . go launcher was your default launcher and after you removed it the system is asking you to choose between the android 's launcher and this one . if you do not need it you can remove it .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
from all my experience with the market , you need to have a gmail account . there does not seem to be a way around this . login android market--google non-gmail account ?
you can only log in to the market with either your gmail account , or an account hosted with google apps for your domain . this is not just to authenticate you , information is synced between your device and google servers . if you do not have an account with them , they do not know who you are . you said that you can login with your personal email address ( someone at mydomain . org ) . i am going to guess that mydomain . org is hosting the email on google apps for your domain .
it looked like a gingerbread-related problem . since android 3.0 you can login with any google account , with or without gmail .
i tried formatting the card again , this time on my computer , using gparted and it worked . i cleared the data of the media storage app and restarted the phone and now all media is visible to all apps again !
first of i agree with @lagos . you are buying a used phone , why not factory reset or install a new rom ? regarding viruses and malware , chris dibona , open source programs manager at google , wrote the following on google+ : " yes , virus companies are playing on your fears to try to sell you bs protection software for android , rim and ios . they are charlatans and scammers . " it is up to you if you trust him or not but he should have some insight . and in you case it might be a bit different if you are staying with the custom rom of course .
i use droidwall for this purpose - it is a firewall with a whitelist or blacklist configuration . also avg antivirus free and lookout for detecting virus and other malware . set droidwall to whitelist mode with log enabled , which disables internet access for all apps and services except the ones you explicitly allow . then use the phone for a while , open up all the apps once , restart the phone ( all this to give a malicious app a chance to get activated ) . then , open droidwall and view its log . you will see all the apps which tried to access the internet and the ip addresses they tried to connect to .
check the wifi connection you connected it to if it is working properly . go to settings> apps> all> google services framework and clear the data . restart your nexus 7 and see if the update downloads without hitch .
solved : it appears these contacts were in the " other contacts " on gmail.com. i am not entirely sure how they got there or why there is no such group in the people app where i can see or edit them , but at least i can delete them now !
i just want to start this answer off by saying that if you are not an expert computer user , this is probably not for you . you will need to know how to setup and edit partition tables , along with knowing how to resize , delete and add partitions . i of course accept no responsibility for any damage you cause to any device from reading this tutorial . in theory here is what you need to do : repartition your device 's sd card so that you can make room for all the the operating systems you want to run get a new boot loader that supports dual ( or multi ) booting flash the partition with a build that is compatible with your phone specifically for your device ( the galaxy note 10.1 ) , here is a great link on dual booting : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2258867 the tutorial is on an ubuntu machine , if you do not have ubuntu it is pretty easy to install from their website : http://www.ubuntu.com you probably do not even need to install ubuntu to do this tutorial , i think you would be fine just running off of the live cd . i am a little biased because i love ubuntu , but i would recommend installing it when you have free time . it really is a life saver and it runs on top of a linux kernel so you get all of the benefits of linux when you use ubuntu . very important before you start the tutorial 1 ) backup your device every time before you make a change to the os or to the boot loader . it is extremely easy to brick your device if you do not know what you are doing . if you brick your device and you have no backups to go from , then you are out of luck my friend . 2 ) you need to have a cwm ( clockwork mod ) installed on your device before you start the tutorial along with nandroid backup . see extra stuff below for install information . 3 ) i cannot stress this more : make sure that you are installing a mod that fits perfectly with you device ! ! you will potentially render your device unusable if you do not check your roms thoroughly . 4 ) this is not so important but will save you a lot of time in the future . go get a bigger sd card , no 1gb or 2gb is not enough and 4gb is pushing it . go out and buy a 16gb sd card , they are not that expensive and if you are going to be doing multiple booting , then you will want the extra space . it will be a huge pain to transfer all of your files onto a bigger sd card because you decided you wanted to triple boot android , arch linux and ubuntu all on one device . this is the voice of experience unfortunately . hopefully the tutorial works out well for you . when you get comfortable with installing os partitions , then you can start trying out different flavors of linux . my favorite is ubuntu , followed closely behind by arch linux ( arm ) ( which is great for server applications ) . extra stuff installing cwm and nandroid backup on galaxy note 10.1 here is a video tutorial for installing the cwm on the galaxy note 10.1 if you need to do that . again make sure you get the right rom for your device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niyixzcw7xs if youtube is more your thing , then here is a pretty good video on doing the same thing in the other tutorial . this youtube video requires you to already have cwm installed on your device . galaxy note : how to dual boot 5 different roms for those of you who do not have the galaxy note , here is something else i found that might be useful ( or at least a starting point ) : http://lifehacker.com/5826050/how-to-dual-boot-multiple-roms-on-your-android-phone please feel free to edit if you have something to add ( tutorials for specific devices etc . ) also , if you need more info , just comment and i will help you out .
it does not look like there a way to delete huddles , only hide them . navigate to the message , hit the menu button on the handset , and select " hide " .
yes , i believe apps can be installed just by placing them in the appropriate directory . i am not sure what the app installer does beyond this copying , if anything . the market does update the system 's list of apps " linked " to the market however , so that the market can check for updates and such . apps installed by other means will not show up in the market 's list .
got the answer : i installed a fresh rom ( rootbox ) and it helped . weird that it did not help before . now i need to search a solution for faster gps fixing .
you should use zipalign -f -v 4 my.apk output.apk  do remember that if you zipalign before you sign , the signing will undo the alignment .
i have a similar issue with my galaxy note after installing a lot of apps and filling up the 32gb sd card . i have not managed to figure out what exactly the problem is , maybe it is totally different ( since there are different android versions ) . anyway , i would start by removing the sd card , but nexus does not have a removable card slot . . . if you are using stock rom , check out if there is an updated version of your rom available . search xda-developers forum , it may have a thread that lists all stock roms available for your device . some of the stock roms are " wipe " and others are " non-wipe " . you can try flashing non-wipe stock roms on your device and see if it fixes the issue . ( you do not need root or custom recovery for this , if nexus works the same way as my note ) . but anyway , i would recommend making a nandroid backup before doing so . if you have usb debugging enabled already , you might be able to get the system logs from a pc , if the phone gets to the point during the boot that can connect to adb . but if you do not have the usb debugging enabled , since you can not boot and go to settings , this will not work . if you could get logs of the system , it may give you a clue of what is causing the phone to restart . if it did not fix the issue , i think your only option is to boot into recovery ( hold power + home + volume for 10 seconds or so ) and do a factory reset .
i would unlock the bootloader , and flash a new image . . . you can find all the information you need on this page : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310 hope you found my answer helpful : )
hmm i just googled this . it does not help but helps me : ) now i wont do a default factory setting on my galaxy nexus . clicky . you can try this page if it has the same functionality as samsung galaxy s
i have exactly the same problem with my gn and followed the instructions in http://support.sprint.com/support/tutorial/perform_a_hardware_factory_reset_galaxy_nexus/37165-396 please note that all of your data will be deleted .
something might have overwritten some files needed during boot . go into recovery and do a factory reset . yes this is the same thing as factory reset in the settings but the difference is that you dont need to boot the os to do it . there is usually a button combination you press to get into recovery . google it for your device . once you factory reset , try again . warning : factory reset will wipe all user data on your device . sorry . if you reboot and everything is working , then it was your user data . if you reboot and the same thing happens , then that means your actual system is corrupted . this means like dev0 said , you have to flash a new image or send it in for warranty . just because you flash a new image , doesnt mean you cant get a stock rom image . chances are , someone on xda has a stock rom image that is exactly the same system as when you first got it . people have these images in the event someone wants to go from a custom rom or version of android to stock . so yeah , follow dev0 's links and advice . rooting and unlocking the bootloader might void your warranty so find out before you do it though !
do you use Cyanogen rom ? if so , try other roms such as miui . i had this problem exactly as you on my Nexus S with cyanogen and after migrating to miui all the reboots , booting animation loops , shuting downs on standby and etc . gone .
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
gps relies on your device picking up radio signals transmitted by satellites orbiting above us , an awful lot of things can block these relatively weak signals . from pocket gps world : how does the global positioning system work ? buildings , terrain , electronic interference , or sometimes even dense foliage can block signal reception , causing position errors or possibly no position reading at all . gps units typically will not work indoors , underwater or underground . ( my emphasis ) this is the same whether you are using a dedicated gps receiver , or a smart phone , if the radio signal can not get through your device will not be able to pick it up . in addition phones tend to have less sensitive gps receivers than large , powerful , dedicated gps devices with large antennae so there are likely to be marginal places undercover where your phone will not be able to pick up a gps signal when a dedicated device may be able to .
to install non market apps , u dont need to root your phone . :\ i dont think u need to unroot your device for updating it through samsung kies . but after updating to gingerbread , your device is automatically unrooted .
super one click is written in c# . you need mono to run it under linux and other non-windows platforms . you can check your ubuntu package manager for mono or download it from here . the xda-forum-link also has a link to a detailed description on how to make it work under linux . i have never personally used it on linux , but once the program is up and running , it should be very self explanatory .
create a new appointment and then click the green + sign under the reminders section . at the very bottom of the list there is a customise option that allows you to specify the number of minutes / hours that you want the reminder to occur . certainly not as good as a fixed time occurrence but it certainly gives you a close workaround .
there is developer documentation found within the android sdk that shows the basics of creating your own keyboard input method . the actual sample of the touchscreen keyboard is part of the sdk sample , based off the documentation . download the sample code , and look for the softkeyboard sources , there is a xml layout under the res/layout folder that represents the on-screen keyboard . all that aside , let 's look at the question objectively , using a custom layout that was developed on the windows platform , may not be easy to " translate " to the android version , as there is strings attached , you do need the pre-requisite knowledge of android sdk , java in order to achieve a custom layout , unfortunately . as per @geffcheng 's comment above the op 's question containing the linky that pointed to the appropriate thread on xda , the blog entry highlighting how to come up with your own version , is more or less the same as the official developer documentation . other keyboard packages such as swiftkey , go keyboard , slideit to name but a few , would have a feature to customize the layout appropriately using an add-on or third party to suit one 's need , effectively tied to that keyboard . using the sdk and documentation relating to the keyboard is the effective way to go about in rolling your own custom layout that is independent of android version in use provided that the decision to support older versions is warranted . if the decision to focus on android v4 . x upwards , the actual app is on the google play store , the source code to the aosp keyboard is available to download and play with from here .
several options : you had an exchange email account ( probably corporate ) which had device admin permissions , and it got activated by the email provider . you had android device manager installed and somebody activated the factory reset or you reset it by unluckily booting the device into boot loader , opening recovery and factory resetting ( as suggested by @peter carlos )
well , i do not think you could get to know what has made your device getting factory reset on its own . as far as i know i think somehow the volume up and power keys may have been pressed which results in factory reset . i have also heard the if you put the patter lock wrong over the htc m8 for more that 10 times , the device gets automatically factory reset . i am sure accidently you may have ! !
the only way this would happen is if you downloaded the old version of your app before google had " pushed out " the new version you uploaded . if you download an app you will not get anything but the most recent version google has available . i assume you just did not wait quite long enough after uploading before trying to download it .
see if you have something like this : System settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Downloads
yes , it can be because of so long time of charging . you must go for service center so that problem can be solved systematically .
when doing a complete wipe , you can safely delete all directories off the internal storage . generally , android os will re-create any folders on user areas like internal/external storage if it does not find them . you may want to hold onto ( or at least back up prior to deletion ) media folders like DCIM and Pictures , for example . keep in mind that on different devices camera apps may store photos and videos in other , non-standard directories . and of course do not delete the clockworkmod folder if you wish to keep the nandroid backups you have made previously . under normal operation , .android_secure is the only directory on either internal or external storage that is absolutely necessary . it contains apps that were " moved to sd " via settings ( if external sd card is not present , apps get moved to internal storage instead . ) if this folder is deleted , it will cause instabilities where these apps would not start ( obviously ) , but you may also have trouble uninstalling them from android , and would need to manually remove their left-overs ( the caches , for example . ) another notable directory is Android - it contains data for installed apps .
strictly speaking , you could try to keep your apps around , but it is generally a bad idea . during the install process you will want to wipe the /data partition in order to prevent application crashes and weird permission issues after flashing . if you skip that then your apps and data should hang around , but it causes a lot of strangeness . the best thing to do is simply to backup anything you do not want to lose and then restore it afterwards . you will lose your /system apps because the install process will blow away the partition before copying over the cm files . titanium backup is , in fact , the recommended way to backup your stuff , so you are set there already . also be aware that your google apps ( market , gmail , maps , etc ) will be gone since cm does not have permission to package them with his rom . you can , however , download them here ( bottom of the page ) . i do not believe that is a standard android locale , so you will not have that keyboard on cm ( i do not see it as a choice on my phone ) . you might be able to pull the . apk file from your device and install it , though i would not personally know where it is or what it is name is . if you dig around in /data/app you might be able to find it , though . i generally try to stay on the most recent stable recovery versions , so upgrading is certainly not a bad idea . you can try to do this from rom manager if it has the most recent version available ( 3.2.0.1 as of writing , it looks like ) , otherwise you can find it on xda . updates can be acquired in two ways . one is to buy the premium version of rom manager and use it to download updates . in theory it is supposed to allow you to register for push notifications when a new update is released ( akin to a typical ota ) , but it is still kind of buggy . i can not personally attest to how well this works because i do not use it . the alternative is to simply download the . zip file of the newest version and flash it . you generally do not need to wipe /data or anything when performing incremental updates , only when going from one major version to another ( 6 . x -> 7 . x for example ) , so it is fairly painless . making nand backups before flashing updates is always a good idea , though .
yes . there is nothing magical to restore /system partition to original state . many users gain root access temporarily to remove bloatwares from /system/apps and then unroot . but , remember , if un-rooting method involves flashing /system image , you will lose your changes . so , use proper un-rooting method .
this can have multiple reasons . first thing to look for is always whether a " user app " might have caused this . this can be done by booting into safe-mode : if everything works here , at least the hardware is fine , and the system as well . in that case , next steps would be : boot into recovery-mode , and clear ( wipe ) cache . this is possible on rooted and unrooted devices , each recovery ( stock or custom ) should permit this ( exceptions are quite rare ) . then reboot , and see if the issue is solved . if it is not solved , and your device is equipped with a custom recovery : again boot into recovery , this time wipe the " dalvik cache " . reboot , and check whether the issue is solved now . if none of these two steps brought you any relief , you need to go the " hard way": backup all your apps into single backups ( so you can restore them separate ) , including .apk and data . useful tools for that : adb backup ( see : adb , backup ) and helium backup , or on rooted devices also titanium backup . uninstall apps in reverse order of their installation ( the culprit it is more likely an app you have installed lately , than an app you have installed a year ago ) one-by-one , and after each single uninstall see whether the problem solved . does not hurt to reboot as well ( i.e. . uninstall→reboot→check , next ) . at the point where it starts working again , re-install all apps you have removed ( again one-by-one ) , skipping the last one – as that was most likely causing the issue . if the issue still persists ( or still persisted in safe-mode ) , last resort is a factory-reset . before doing that , make sure your contacts etc . are either synced with your google account , or backed up otherwise ( the apps you have already " secured " with above steps ) . does the issue stay even after this , it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to turn in your device for service . if , on the other hand , the factory-reset made it working again , carefully restore from your backups – again one by one , with a reboot in between ( to make sure you do not end up where you have started ) .
the way i did it was to install dd-wrt on my home router and enable pptp vpn . then i just put in the user name and password in the vpn settings in gingerbread .
openvpn would seem to be another good solution if you cannot install dd-wrt on your router . there is a client app for it (http://www.appbrain.com/app/openvpn-settings/de.schaeuffelhut.android.openvpn) but you need to have rooted your phone to use it .
do an adb pull /init.goldfish.rc and the file will be on your pc :- )
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
if using twrp you can sideload from within recovery . boot into twrp . go to Advanced &gt; ADB Sideload and slide to start . plug usb cable into pc . if your device is not detected , manually add standard google driver . then type adb devices and you should see : xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx sideload type adb sideload &lt;filename.zip&gt; and it will be flashed automatically .
although i am surprised it did not work in windows 7 out of the box ( it worked on my pc ) there is a way to fix it . please open c:\windows\inf\wpdmtp . inf in notepad and add following ; Nexus 7 %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\MS_COMP_MTP %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4E42&amp;MI_00  in two places - at the end of sections [Generic.NTx86] and [Generic.NTamd64] this method will also work on windows 7 after installing windows media player 11 .
i have had some trouble myself hooking up my nexus 7 with a windows 7 computer , even though i would figure the device is new , windows would be able to locate and download drivers itself . its probably some conflict between the two , have you tried first installing the adb driver after installing the nexus 7 as an mtp device ?
pro pdf reader has auto scrolling feature
ezpdf reader pro has a feature Page Auto Flipping which auto-scroll screen every provided second .
yes , at this point . but , there is a talk about sprint-locked nexus 5 . note : if you intend to use 4g lte , then you need to check lte market-compatibility , too . other than that , you are good to use the phone in both countries .
yes , currently . however this could change , the us carriers sometimes sell locked phones . there is currently only one nexus 5 variant , so you do not have to worry about lte compatibility issues .
you will need to use fastboot , which is provided in the cf-auto-root zip file . note : if you have installed a custom rom or kernel on top of rooting , you will want to flash the necessary stock versions from the nexus 5 stock image with fastboot or possibly through twrp/clockworkmod recovery . in order to re-lock the bootloader : reboot your phone to bootloader mode connect the usb cable to your computer . open a command prompt ( terminal on linux or osx ) navigate to the tools directory inside the unzipped ch-auto-root directory . use the following command , depending on your os . linux : ./fastboot-linux oem lock osx : ./fastboot-mac oem lock windows : fastboot-windows.exe oem lock
first of all there is no need to relock bootloader on a nexus device as their specialty is that they have a unlocked bootloader by default . so maybe u can talk about unrooting . refer here : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/google_nexus
unfortunately i was still getting this issue ( seems to come and go ) under android l , so to answer your question , no , it is not fixed . see https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=70755 for others who are reporting the issue still exists .
the feature is not present in android 4.0.4: it was added in 4.1 .
in your google calendar on the web you can set a default notification period for the events you subsequently set up on the web calendar . in the calendar app provided with gingerbread i do not see any similar default setting but you can set a notification for each event you set up . fyi google has numerous problems with alarms in gingerbread . one is that if you subsequently change an alarm that was set up in the web calendar using the web calendar that change may not sync to the phone . another is that eventually notifications will start coming late and there is no known fix ( in spite of google presumably knowing about it for almost a year although they have only apparently actually acknowledged knowing about it for about six months ) .
as your device supports an external microsd card : take that card , put it into a card-reader ( if you do not have one : now 's the time to buy it ; they come for less than 10 bucks ) , attach the reader to your pc . now , copy the file to the root of the card , safely unmount , then put the card back into your phone . you should be able to flash it then . for what possibly happened : you might have placed the file in the root of the internal sdcard . recovery is looking on the external card .
having " root " just means you have a working su binary installed ( the " su " application is generally just a management front-end for the linux-level binary installed in /system/bin or /system/xbin ) . so , something has gone wrong with the binary , or the way its installed , or its permissions , or its location , or . . . i suspect the apps that still work must have chown'd themselves once at setup time ? so they only need su to work once , and after that they are good to go . if you can connect an adb shell or run an android terminal ( that was just the first play store search hit , i am not endorsing that specific terminal ) , type " su " and see if you get a meaningful error . you can use adb to copy a new su binary over , or just re-"root " the device . see the faq questions here : http://androidsu.com/superuser/faq/
you could use wi-fi manager . in its settings , it has Switch to best network .
for chrome bookmarks the easiest way is to enable chrome bookmark syncing via your google account . if this has not been automatically done , you can find the option to log in to your google account from chrome in menu -> settings -> sign in to chrome . after this , your bookmarks will be synced to the cloud and you can simply repeat the process on the new device . note that this also works for the desktop and ios versions , if you will ever need them .
you could use a dedicated backup app such as backup sms , contacts and apps : this is a backup manager / backup assistant which lets you maintain backups of various things such as contacts , sms , calendars , bookmarks , apps and call logs . all of this can be kept safely in your email id and on your external memory . also helps transfer data from one phone to another . ( emphasis mine ) . the quote is from the app description , and as my emphasis shows , this should be perfectly fitting your needs .
if i have understood correctly , you have one phone with nfc but no bluetooth , and another phone with no nfc but bluetooth , and you want to send a file from one to the other . that can not work . nfc and bluetooth are completely unrelated , they can not communicate together . if you want the two devices to communicate , they need to both use bluetooth , or both use nfc , or both use wi-fi . it is as simple as that .
this website has a good page on the information : http://nexus7.wonderhowto.com/how-to/unlock-android-ls-hidden-battery-percentage-icon-status-bar-0155876/ but if you want a quick and dirty way to enable this , you can just use : adb shell content insert --uri content://settings/system --bind name:s:status_bar_show_battery_percent --bind value:i:1  followed by adb reboot 
there is no bluetooth le support in all current android apis ( at the time of writing that is api level 16 , up to android 4.1 ) . phone manufactures have to use the stacks of the bluetooth chip manufactures . the only phone that has a build-in le chip and actually makes use of it is the motorola razor . there have been reports that after the ics update , bluetooth le pairing wont work any more . so , no convenient way to query a device for le support and make use of it , until there is bluetooth le support in the official android api . iirc the linux kernel has no ( stable ) bluetooth le api yet , too .
as of now , the checking for ble support has to be done manually by studying specifications and searching on google ( as far as i know ) . see this question on stackoverflow : bluetooth smart ( 4.0 ) / gatt support in android 4.0 ? it states that android does not support bluetooth 4.0 ( le ) out of the box up to android-4.0 ( maybe with jelly bean 4.1 onwards , the nexus 7 tab suggests that ) . manufacturers have to add their own api to allow access to bt le ( e . g . this app is limited to motorola ) . that is why your mileage may vary with different phones up to 4.0 . casio 's bluetooth le enabled watch is also an example of limited ( official ) compatibility ( not even the iphone 4s is mentioned , by the way ) . my best guess is that with more devices having 4.1 the issue will solve by itself and you can find apps showing it . here are lists by manufacturers : motorola htc : good listing not found yet google : galaxy nexus ( not with 4.0 ) , nexus 7 tab
finally with android 4.3 there is btle support in the os . for individual devices you need to wait for a 4.3 update to see if the support has been added . for now a nexus 4 looks like the one device that should be good . ( i have just ordered one to do btle development on . ) some devices that were sold as btle ready and are believed to have the necessary hardware do not look like they will really work . e.g. the original nexus looks not to be getting the update according to google .
check out this list : proxy , tunnel and co . though it is in german , you already find the relevant apps grouped by their purpose . for vpn , try vpn ( also in german ) . the german language should be no problem concerning mapping apps to the requested topics ( vpn , tunnel , . . . ) , as that part is language-neutral . descriptions can mostly be replaced by those from the play store -- or taken from the linked ( english ) reviews . so basically , all information is there .
should this question stay afloat : i recently created a vpn tunnel from my android devices to my home win7 pc and it was much easier than i thought . i am running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , but this setup also worked with 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and should work with other versions too . first , i had to find a way to create a vpn server . openvpn looked awesome but several previous questions made it look like it might be more hassle than i was interested in ( respect for those who get it working ! ) . i stumbled across two different solutions that would fit my needs and ability : setup dd-wrt to run a vpn server straight from a hacked router this how-to geek article provides a drop-dead simple explanation of setting up the dd-wrt vpn service . this , i think , is ideal because my router just sits at home all day and is always on . alas , after checking if my older router was compatable , it turned out that the specific build of dd-wrt i am running ( "micro " in my case ) does not include the vpn server functionality . if yours does , i would say go to town . i am planning on upgrading my router to someday obtain this very function . configure a windows 7 pc to accept incoming vpn connections alternatively , i found a blog post describing how to set up windows to accept an incoming connection . there is honestly not much to say , this was just a few clicks and now it is up and ready - any time the pc is powered on i can log into the vpn created by it with my windows login credentials . i use the wol function built into dd-wrt , combined with web-access to my router , to remotely wake my pc whenever i need to use the vpn . be sure to forward port 1723 to the pc that will be negotiating these incoming requests . second , i just had to connect . in ics/jb , go to System settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; VPN &gt; Add VPN network and enter your info . i use ddns to work around having to keep up with my isp 's dynamically-assigned ip address . with a little reading and a little network know-how , this was up and working in a few minutes and was much easier than i thought it was going to be !
never ever flash android rom without wiping data / cache wipe dalvik cache format system ( optional , but requires for some rom ) always read instructions carefully before flashing any rom / mod and reverify whether its for your phone model only . anyway , as you said you are not able to go to recovery mode , therefore there is no use of having a backup . try to reset your phone , ( ie , press power button for approx 7 - 10 sec ) . if nothing works , follow below instructions : take out the battery . put on the back cover . hold both volume + and volume - while plug in the usb cable to a pc . it will automatically get into ftm mode . then flash generic 2.2 firmware on it . after flashing , it may stuck in the ftm loop . put in the battery and flash again . after 2nd flashing , take out the battery for 10 seconds . then put it back . press and hold both power and volume + to boot into android . i have no experience with zte v9 , so i can not hand on step by step tutorial . hope your phone gets well soon . sources : modaco : zte bricked androidforums : zte unbrick manual
i have tried to do this in my own car - here 's my experience with it . from a " hearing the person " perspective , the headphone jack into the car 's speaker system works great . what is even better is that the person does not ( generally ) hear themselves talking either ( no echo or feedback ) . this is using an original moto droid , so your mileage may vary . the problem that i have with this kind of setup is having the person hear me . i still , generally , have to hold the phone up to my mouth for the person on the other side to understand what i am saying . i have found it helps a little bit to enable speaker phone , but then the person sometimes gets the echo feedback . it is really a no-win situation . most likely , you will have to get an aftermarket blue tooth headset .
it is possible to use it this way but the quality of the results are going to depend on your phone , the car and how loud you have the speakers . i have done something similar with my moto droid 1 and will share my experience : the only difference between my configuration and the one you are inquiring about was that instead of plugging directly into an audio jack in my car i used an fm transmitter that i plugged into my headphone jack on my phone ( which then wirelessly beamed the phones audio to 88.1 fm on my stereo ) . in the past i have done the same thing with a tape deck adapter . needless to say the result was that all audio on my phone was coming out of my car speakers . i did this to listen to music and podcasts and accidentally discovered the hands free component when i got a call while it was hooked up this way . needless to say i was surprised to find that there was no feedback loop , no echo , and the person on the other end could not hear the speakers at all . it was also reported to me by the person on the other end of the line that my microphone was picking up my voice just fine , even though the droid was sitting in my cup holder . none of this really seem logical to me but it worked . that being said i do not know how a different phone would respond with a different car . i suggest that you bring a male to male 3.5 in headphone cord when you test drive the vehicle and place a test call to someone you have already briefed on the situation , so they can help you evaluate the quality of the call .
you can try to send the apk . file via bluetooth or via email . but if it does not work at all , go to settings> > security> > unknown sources ( enabled ) . . . beacuse apk . is a non-market apps .
normally phones should be able to install apps even if they are not signed . normally your friend should be able to install your app . i was able to download the application , and i could also start the installation from the link . make sure that your friends phone has ' unknown sources ' enabled in the security menu ( enable settings > security > unknown sources ) . because otherwise it will also not work ( without using google play == unknown source ) . no offense though , but i did not test all the way through the installation , because i do not trust it well enough and i have no idea what the app actually does . for all i know it is a virus ; - )
you can unlock your samsung galaxy s using unlock code . you can get unlock codes from the network provider or online vendors like unlocking4u . com . but , most network providers will provide the unlock code only if the contract period is over . from online vendors you can get the unlock code at any time for a small price .
to unlock your phone , use galaxsim unlock . you need root for this app . if you do not have root , the app will give you instructions on how to root your phone .
first you need to know if your phone is cdma or gsm . if it is a cdma phone then it cannot be unlocked . gsm phones can be unlocked to make it work with other networks . if you want to unlock your phone for free you can root your phone but it is at your own risk . also rooting voids your warranty . safer method is to get an unlock code from the unlock code providers like http://www.samsungsimunlock.com/ there are other unlock code providers like http://www.unlocking4u.com but there are slightly expensive . unlocking phones is restricted in some countries . recently us passed a law where unlocking phones is illegal that are manufactured after jan 26th 2013 . phones manufactured before that date can be unlocked . please check your local laws before unlocking .
installed the adb drivers for samsung galaxy s . enabled the phone to be rooted using superoneclick and finally unlocked using galaxysim unlock . thanks for the tips .
there could possibly be a bug which is causing the app to delete the latest incoming messages . un-install the application . power off and wait for 2-3mins switch on the device and install the app from the play store check for and install the latest updates for hangouts from the play store always keep your applications up to date in order to avoid some bugs like this in the future
in my case , running 4.2.1 on a nexus 7 , i started with calendar , clock and '+' widgets on the lock screen . i can scroll between these with a swipe . holding down on a widget shrinks it and brings in an ' x remove ' at the top of the screen ; dragging the widget to it drops it from the lock screen . ( this does not require authentication . ) removing the last widget will leave me with just the '+' until i cycle to sleep and then back to the lock screen again , where the clock widget now reappears . scrolling to the '+' widget and pressing it makes it ask for my unlock pattern , and then displays the available widgets to add , which for me are just clock , calendar and gmail . i would certainly be interested in hearing about where to get others ( in particular , a clock that displays utc and something to do a better display of my " if found , return to . . . " information . )
i have the same issue , n7 with 4.2 with an exchange corporate account that forces a password/pin . you are correct that it has to do with corporate account . i removed my corporate account and was able to add widgets , even with the security still set to " password to unlock " . i also changed to pin and slide to unlock and all of them worked as well . i then re-added my corporate account and the widgets that i added were gone and i was unable to add any others . that said it is not a huge issue for me as the only widgets i had the option of adding were clock , gmail inbox , and calendar . clock is already there and i do not want my email/calendar displayed without unlocking the tablet .
this has to do with the accounts policies and it is not related to a specific device or version ( so far ) . i have the same limitation on my galaxy nexus running 4.2.2 , so do not expect that update to fix anything . actually , since the policy is enforced by the corporate account , we should not see this as a problem but instead as an acceptable limitation . if you have a corporate account set on you phone you should not be able to add widgets because if you can , anyone else could simple add another calendar or email ( or some third party ) widget and have access to the corporate data .
android 4.2.2 fixes this problem - having a pin lock code will allow adding widgets by pressing the "+" icon - it'll ask for a code and proceed to the add widgets screen .
i have nexus 7 and now have jb 4.2 . same problem with no additional widgets being visible , just the "+" box which does nothing if double tapped , held , dragged etc . but i do not have a corporate account , as this n7 is my own personal device . i bought the n7 from google direct , a couple of months ago . i use go launcher ex but this is not the culprit either as disabling it made no difference . not happy ! update ! cracked it ! disable screen lock pin ( set it to ' slide to unlock' ) . next attempt at unlock and i can now access three widgets ( only ! which is not impressive ) . i can now choose from gmail , calender and clock . i selected calender . slide to unlock . re-enabled ' pin to unlock ' in my settings menu , and relocked the screen . now i have clock still as my first screen and slide left to right gives me calender , with a further slide giving me an other "+" which again does not allow additional widget , because i have ' pin to unlock ' enabled .
android market just recently added carrier billing for at and t customers .
the developer sets the price in the developer 's local currency . the buyer purchases the app in his/her local currency . google does the conversion . recently the market has started showing the prices already converted to the local currency . that is more to help you understand what the price really is . you still pay with whatever your local currency is and the developer still receives whatever his/her local currency it .
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
go to Settings &gt; application settings &gt; manage application then tap on the app . it'll say the version you are running under the name . you should not have to check though ; if the app in the market does not say " installed " then you do not have the most recent version .
samsung galaxy ace runs at least android version 2.2 and is upgradable to gingerbread , so the device already has the possibility to move apps to the sd card . though , not all apps support this . you can move an app to the sd card by navigating to settings -> applications -> manage applications and click on the app you want to move . then you click the button move to sd card . if you root your device you can move apps that does not support app 2 sd , as well ( except for launchers and widgets which must be installed on internal storage ) . if you are running android 2.2 you can use the desktop program super one click to root . if you are running 2.3 you can read a tutorial here . hope that helps !
i have found the solution ! ! ! it is an old bug that some people are trailing since android 1.6 , and wich is always not actualy corrected ! the solution : you must have only one apn set in your mobile network configuration .
i would guess it is an error . the easiest fix would most likely to be to : wipe the launcher app data wipe system data ( factory reset ) return to manufacturer ( hardware issue )
as it turned out , my " raw guess " was a direct hit -- so to make it easier to find for future " searchers " , i make it an answer as promised : this problem is mostly caused by the fact that something got messed up with the apps ' cache and/or data . so what you should try first is : go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps select your launcher hit the button labeled " clear cache " if that does not solve the issue , take the same steps -- but in the last step hit the " clear data " button ( note : this will reset the launcher configuration as if you just removed the app and did a fresh re-install ) . if you still had no luck , you could simply uninstall and re-install the launcher ( as long as it is not a system app ) . this will do all the above , but additionally remove ( and on re-install re-create ) the apps dalvik cache . count it as " partial factory reset " . having mentioned the dangerous word : a factory-reset can serve as a " last resort " ( as it cleans the entire device ) -- but you would lose all your data that way , and needed to re-configure everything anew . in case you have to do that ( i do not think it is necessary for your case here ) , take care to have a backup of as much of your data as possible .
if you are running adw , you probably activated the " lock desktop " feature . this prevents accidentally adding/moving/removing icons from the home screen . to disable the lock , simply press the menu button and click " unlock desktop " . in the most recent update of adw , if your desktop is locked , pressing the menu button pops up a dialog box asking if you want to unlock the desktop .
add a blank file named .nomedia in the folders containing music that you do not want to be seen in the music player . media scanner ignores files in the folder with .nomedia file . i have never tried this on eclair , but i guess it should work . and yes , you may have to restart the device after this is done . edit : the restart is to trigger the media scanner to do its job . you can also trigger it by unmounting and remounting your sd card ( which can be done from storage settings or by connecting it to your computer ) , or by using one of the " trigger-happy-apps " like e.g. sdrescan
as my suggestion in above comment seems to be relevant , i hereby convert it to an answer as promised : it might be that is some " cached info " somewhere . you could try walking your apps ( settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps ) for all fitting things ( media player , media scanner , es file explorer . . . ) and delete their caches . check whether that solves the issue . if not , you could try to delete data for media player/scanner at the same place ( at least scanner data should be rebuilt on the next scan ; the player would lose its configured preferences when deleting data ) . keep in mind to check all apps ( not just the downloaded section : the latter only applies to the apps you have installed yourself , while the former also includes system apps ) . when you have cleared cache and data , you library might appear empty at first . this is no bug or problem -- it is just the media scanner needs to rebuild its library . this happens on certain events : after a reboot after a re-mount of the sd card ( e . g . plugging it into your computer via usb , then disconnect it again ) when another app triggers it ( take e.g. a look at sdrescan for this ) .
on my cwm i have " mount usb storage " option under the menu " mounts and storage " .
this suggestion assumes familiarity with connecting to the phone via adb i had a similar situation on my previous phone . i was able to pull the important stuff over adb when the phone was in recovery . in my case i had to mount some of the filesystems to access everything i wanted to retrieve . i am not sure if it is dependent on the phone whether the adb service is available in recovery . on mine it was available in both recovery and download mode . if adb on your computer recognizes and can connect to your phone you should be able to retrieve and save any files you need . if you are not familiar with adb this is a good place to start : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/all-in-one-guide-to-adb/ if you need any help with it let me know , adb is a whole other topic so keeping it simple here .
adb is the acronym for android debug bridge , which is part of the android sdk ( software development kit ) . it uses a client-server-model ( i.e. . adbd , the adb daemon , is running on the device and can be connected to ) , and in most cases is used via an usb connection . it is also possible to use it via wifi ( wireless adb ) . there is nothing you need to install on your android device , as the adb daemon ( adbd ) is already integrated into the android os . it is usually accessed via a command line interface from the pc , where either the full android sdk is installed ( several 30 mb download archive currently ) , or a massively stripped-down version for " non-developers " , sometimes referred to as " mini adb " or " adb essentials " ( for linux , this is only the adb executable ; for windows it is adb.exe plus two or three .dll files ) : adb [-d|-e|-s &lt;serialNumber&gt;] &lt;command&gt;  ( serialnumber is only needed if there are multiple devices connected at the same time , so you have to specify the target ) it would become a rather long answer to explain all the options/commands available to adb . so i will only name some of the more important : adb backup / adb restore: to backup/restore your device , either single apps with/without their data , or data with/without their apps , up to a full backup of all apps and data , including system apps adb push / adb pull: copy files to/from the device adb shell: open a shell on the device to execute commands directly adb logcat / adb bugreport: display the system log or generate a complete bug report including system log , device information and more adb [un]install: ( un ) install an app this is just a small selection . there are additional commands for scripting , and especially adb shell has a lot of options ( basically , all linux and java commands available on the device can be run through it ) . useful references everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via sdk developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
most of the app 's data is stored in internal memory , below /data/data . you cannot access these directories/files directly if your device is not routed ; same applies to moving it elsewhere . but if your device is rooted , the keyword are data2sd , app2sd , and link2sd : app2sd : the " official " way to move your apps to the sdcard ( see : app2sd and its tag-wiki , the latter describing it in more details ) . this method moves a big part of the app itself over to the sdcard . can be used without rooting the device . link2sd : an advanced variant of app2sd . this moves the entire app to the sdcard , and then creates symbolic links to the " original places " -- fooling the system to think " nothing ever happened " . requires the device to be rooted , plus a separate partition on the sdcard . see link2sd and its tag-wiki for more details . data2sd : does not care for the apps , but for their data . also requires the device to be rooted . we have no tag for that , but you might want to look up the corresponding app on google play : root # all data2sd card . .
uninstalling the yahoo weather app worked for me . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293566page=2
i am using evernote v4.2.1 and the multiple list functionality works correctly , whether i am using numbers or boxes or hyphens . the result is : test test you should try to update your app in google play and try again .
try the ' dsp manager ' application from cyanogen community . download application here dsp manager for stock rom 's
there is an app which can do it for you . . . try the free one first , and if it works , then buy the full version : ) free : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.free.android.lvhfeature=search_result payed : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5urvnulmfuzhjvawqubhzoil0 . have a great day : )
you can look at the google changes for each release of android , but this device uses samsung touchwiz . this release contains the google changes , plus the changes that samsung made . i do not know of a " change log " page that samsung has . i read that this version is the official gingerbread 2.3.5 release of android touchwiz . but also , if you use a usb jig , that it breaks the that functionality .
are you sure that you have enabled fde ? i have read this link which states that fde may not work directly as expected ( must try in 4.2.2 multiple times ) , and that you need a pin or password defined in advance . i mean , if you can access your data without entering a security credential then your device is probably not encrypted right ? watch out fde may not encrypt all the things you think it should : does android&#39 ; s full filesystem encryption also encrypt the sdcard ?
as of 28/03/2013 the difference is that with the free version is limited to a total of 10 downloads ( maps , voice packages , etc ) and does not support offline wikipedia content . i know because i tried the free version and then buyed the plus one to be able to download entire european countries . also i think is a really good application for 7 euros .
there exist 3 versions of osmand the market free version : full featured the market plus version : full featured , used as a way to donate to the developers as incentive to keep on improving . the f-droid version : a source compiled free software version by fdroid with almost no changes to the normal version . not so frequent app updates . the maps are updated the same way as in the offical build . do not under any circumstances install two versions at the same time , it will seriously destroy both of the apps , the map files on sd , your sanity and your battery power .
you should be able to get into fastboot mode ( which bypasses the download mode you are currently in ) by pressing and holding the volume up and down buttons while turning on the phone . this should get you into fastboot . from there , you can enter recovery by pressing volume up twice and power to confirm once you are in recovery , you will need to perform a factory reset/data wipe . if your recovery somehow got hosed , you can download the recovery image from cm 's wiki page and then get into fastboot mode and use fastboot to flash the recovery . fastboot flash recovery "c:\location\to\recovery.img" 
the error message is very clear . you already have it . it is part of stock android . enjoy ! : )
i am on my nexus 7 ( pure android from the start ) and i received an update this morning to android keyboard . also this is not a typical error that android gives . i would lean toward the idea that your device is either not on a compatible version or is not allowing this update .
sdcards remount by default as read only on errors , could be one . or the contacts of the sd slot are dirty or loose or the micro usb port is so overused that random connect events happen that might get your card unmounted for a mount on a then not existing pc . ^that paragraph is based on what happened to my motorola milestone 2 , if i plugged that into the car charger it want crazy activating and deactiving dock mode 6 times per second . maybe something similar goes for charge indicatiors . also magnets in vicinity of androids can cause the strangest quirks
as a first look i would say that you are experiencing the sudden death symptom , but it is hard to know for certain . try to clean your battery connectors or try with a new battery .
get yourself a heating pad and set it to low , slowly increment the temperature until it begins charging again . if this works , your easiest fix is to buy a battery charger and interchange batteries . if your battery is dead , below operational then get it recharged for free at a battery store near you . if you want to resolve the problem , then inspect the charging ports for corrosion or damage . if you have a soldering kit you may want to replace this part if damaged at your nearest radio shack or electrical parts store . if the problem goes beyond that then call samsung tech support higher levels and pick there brain of what parts on the motherboard controls the battery temperature and if he can give you a replacement part number you can order . this may be a lengthily process but would help others with this same problem . good luck , and please update us if you decide to go this route . always recycle , your trash is another persons investment .
you can try to switch your current live wallpapers with the gingerbread pack the nexus s came with . this will need your device to be rooted though . as seen on this topic on xda-developers , you can use root explorer ( or any other application that can get into the android filesystem , like root browser lite ) to switch your with livewallpaper . apk file located on system/app with this one , which contains the stock gingerbread live wallpapers from the nexus s , and possibly the one you are looking for . -- also , there is some really similar live wallpapers available on the market , including one called galaxy core 3d livewallpaper , which looks almost like the one you are looking for .
on the stock google launcher , if you simply start typing , it'll search for the thing you typed for , both online and in local apps . you can cycle through the matches with the arrow keys , and launch one with enter .
this is something you should ask the it support people at your university about . most mysterious problems like this are caused by security settings on the wi-fi network itself . probably it is mac-filtered , so only devices that have been registered with the network administrators are able to connect . you might have forgotten registering your previous phone if you have had it for a long time .
well , that is weird i would say if the device is working with the other wi-fi network then have you tried talking with the network administrators ? sometimes they block mac address to prevent misuse ! i would say this problem can only be solved from the network admins . try talking to them about the problem .
it is possible that your device does not support the encryption and authentication methods that eduroam uses . while normal wpa2 encrypted wifis use tkip encryption , eduroam uses aes . in addition to this , the device must support enterprise authentication ( sometimes called 802.1x ) , and a compatible eap method ( eap ttls-pap , peap , eap tls eap fast ) . which of these is used is up to your network administrator . like the other answers said , try asking your network admins for help .
i have a non-branded htc desire and i get ota updates just fine . you will actually get the updates sooner because these updates are provided by htc directly , which operators have to brand for their devices first before making them available . i can not imagine this being any different for the desire hd . you will also have more options for installing updates by hand , as described here for example ( again , this is for desire , not desire hd )
i received ota update to 2.2 in the summer . i have a sim-free htc desire for russian market . i bought in april . i see no obstacles why a sim-free phone would not get an ota update . generally it should be released faster , because it comes from htc . in case of branded phones , update comes from carriers . that may need additional time as carriers include their software into the update .
afaik , android updates are released by the google then the phone 's manufacturer ( e . g . htc ) writes updates for the drivers , and providers ( e . g . t-mobile ) only help with the distributions . so you will at least be able to do manual updates as long as your phone manufacturers released the update . however , this means getting update depends on your phone manufacturers support ( i heard htc is quite good on this ) . if , for example , your manufacturer decided not to support updating of your phone ( e . g . samsung has no plans for updating spica to froyo ) , then you probably will not be able to update using official rom ( although there is almost always a community update to non-official roms ) .
it has not . the status would change if the message went through . now you will have to check you mms settings from Messaging -&gt; menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Multimedia message settings and your mms apn from Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names ( or Settings -&gt; More.. -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names in newer versions ) . after you have corrected these and verified that your carrier/operator has enabled mms on your account , the message should be sent . or you have to long-press it and select Retry .
go to Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Display Options , click on your google account and make sure the box for " all other contacts " is checked .
when i looked at my contacts online , most were part of a group called " my contacts " . these people could be searched in the contacts app and in the phone dialer . there was another group called " other contacts " . these were only searchable in the phone dialer . i found a " fix " . first , i moved these over to the " my contacts " group on the web , synced my phone , but it did not fix it . so i tried to find where the setting was to display these people in the contacts app . for me ( running a custom rom similar to stock on an htc sensation ) , there was a drop down list at the top of the app that said " phonebook " . when i saw the accounts in there , my gmail account said it had all 2047 contacts . but what i did not realize was : there was a sub-menu . all categories in the sub-menu had checkmarks except the one called " ( ungrouped contacts ) " . when i put a check mark on that group , all the functionality was restored , and the missing contacts and searchability was back in the contacts app .
can it be that you have unchecked certain contacts to be displayed ? go to contacts , press menu , more , display options and verify that you really display the names you want from the options on that screen .
http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1386 short story ; android uses wpa_supplicant for its wpa support , so it can connect to wpa enterprise , however the configuration app lacks the ui to configure wpa_supplicant for wpa enterprise . as a workaround , you can configure wpa_supplicant configuration files manually , try this : http://waipeng.blogspot.com/2009/08/howto-wpa-enterprise-on-android-htc.html
so it turns out android as an operating system does not support anything other the basic http authentication ! so there will not be any readers out there that can support this : (
wifi file explorer is perfect for this ! i am using it right now , in fact ! the newest version allows for uploading as well as downloading from pc to device , over wifi . i have been using this app for a while now , and i can honestly say it works perfectly , and there are good devs behind it that are updating with useful functions consistently .
thanks for the answers . but i managed to solve it using some commands i found on the ubuntu forums at canonical . apparently , it is possible to connect the transformer via usb . but since it shows up as an mtp device instead of a normal storage device . . . ubuntu was unable to recognize it . once i installed the necessary drivers , it was possible to mount it like a normal storage device . of course , the only inconvenience is that i would have to type the mount and dismount commands every time i plug and unplug the asus transformer . i chose to do a direct usb transfer instead of wifi , cos i simply found the wifi transfers too unreliable . none the less , thanks to all the other answers as well . if anything i learned something new :- )
the easiest way is probably via a shared folder . see is there a way to mount a windows shared drive so i can access those files on my phone ? for details on that . you could also run an ftp server on your pc and use an ftp client on your tablet .
i share a folder from my desktop and then use andsmb on my xoom to connect and copy files as needed . i have been satisfied with it so far .
i had the same problem . but it disappeared . i am not 100% sure why , but i suspect that either android 4.0 ( cm9 ) fixed it , or the new separately released official calendar app on play store .
did you checked that it is your google profile in the calendar app when you create an event ? i mean , when you create an event , next to the color change you need to checked that it is your mail there , your calendar . i have a bunch of calendar in one account ( personal , work , school , etc ) and i can separately add event to each of them . . here is a pictures from my device to show you what i mean : it is the only thing i can think of , so i hope it is helpful !
most likely because when you are adding to your phone , you are adding to a different account which is synced with your google account . i know my phone has its own " samsung " calendar which syncs with google 's . have a look in your calendar 's settings to see if you can establish this . also check you do not have two linked google accounts .
if you replaced the stock launcher with a 3rd-party launcher , the only way to go back to stock launcher is to clear/unset the default launcher ( which is what you did ) , and select a new launcher - in this case , the stock launcher . you will never find a shortcut to the stock launcher in your list of apps .
if you use apex launcher , you can browse available apps and their activities : long-tap on a free space on your homescreen select shortcuts , then activities scroll the list to find your " lost launcher " view its activities . there should be one activity highlighted in a different color , that is the main activity opened when you launch an app . selecting that creates a shortcut on your homescreen you can start it from . writing down the activities technical name , you can also use the " app manager " from the command-line ( terminal or adb ) to launch that activity : am start -n com.app.launcher/com.app.launcher.Activity  here you have to replace com.app.launcher with the package name of the launcher/app in question , and com.app.launcher.Activity with what you have found out above to be the activity 's name .
the cell radio in a mobile phone is designed only to receive and transmit at certain frequencies . it can not pick up an arbitrary transmission such as a radio car key , regardless of whether it is in standby or fully on . it is very unlikely that you could even do this by replacing the device 's radio firmware , let alone with a normal app . at the same time , even if you can modify the transmitter , running it on a licensed mobile phone frequency would likely constitute a criminal offence . the same goes for the wi-fi and bluetooth radios too .
switch to custom lockscreens . many provide a way to hide status bar . i use widgetlocker lockscreen which supports this feature .
indeed the internal filesystem somehow got damaged . to fix this you need access to the filesystem itself , which can be done using adb . ( android debugging bridge ) instructions for connecting to the archos tablets using adb can be found here : http://www.archos.com/support/support_tech/updates_adb.html?country=erlang=en although the description is complete this still sometimes can be hard . you might have to restart your computer a few times , but eventually it is possible . open a command window in the directory containing the adb . exe program ( it is in the ' platform-tools ' directory under the androis-sdk-windows folder ) type : adb shell if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the ' $ ' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd . /dev/block/vold if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -f 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/ this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . many thanks to this post on slatedroid that contained the answer .
to my understanding this functionality is to configure your current provider services such as offers , cheaper international calls , flatrates . . . but i suppose you had always have to login first . just the those 3 things do not seem to be secure enough to just login with them .
no , not directly . however , if you use google voice , you can have all your text messages emailed to you , which would allow you to sync them . link to google voice
sms backup + will sync sms messages to your gmail account , you can then sync those to your outlook using google apps sync .
there is a messaging app called touchdown which will sync sms . it is not perfect but i will never go back . you can see more on their website .
download stock rom from google , and flash it . to check correct version for your nexus 7 2012 , see this question . since it would now be stock , you had have to root it again .
copy the files directly by mounting your device storage to the pc , do not use kies . see gathrawn 's comment for details ( thanks ! ) .
i haven’t had the need for any " hacks " , i use bluetooth file transfer by medieval software available for free from google play store . with this app , i can copy an entire folder or select and copy the desired files . then , just past them into the bluetooth tab and voila , they start transferring to the computer . bluetooth file transfer ( obex ftp and opp ) for android use your smartphone to browse , explore and manage files of any bluetooth ready device , using file transfer profile ( ftp ) and object push profile ( opp ) : you can also receive files and send contacts !
bluetooth file transfer can be good if you want to initiate the transfer from the mobile device . however , since i will not to transfer file to and from pc/mac , i prefer using pc/mac to control which files i want to put/get . it is easier , quicker , and i do not have to fight with small device to properly check/uncheck files . basic settings like ' all files visible via bt ' would be awesome .
it means that the app is checking the play store to see if you have made any in-app purchases that have not yet been activated on that device . it is normal behaviour , you do not need to worry about it .
just pull down the notification ( not the notification bar , the specific notification you want to expand ) with two fingers to expand ( if and only if , the notification supports expanding ) . if you cant expand it with two fingers swiping down , then just turn on the auto rotation and navigate to somewhere ( which can be rotated , in my case i use to go to settings ) and then slide down your notification bar . it should be visible by now . : )
open the calendar app then select : menu-> more-> settings-> default reminder time and set to none .
the instructions for usb networking replicant are here . replicant is a free software-only fork of cyanogenmod , so it is more or less a rooted android . ( it is entirely possible that usb networking requires root , as replicant ships with root out of the box . ) i have done similar steps on other phones running linux ( openmoko freerunner ) . the scripts on the host pc is for linux users , so it is not as applicable to your question as i would like , but it is something . short version , on phone : echo 1 &gt; /sys/class/usb_composite/rndis/enable ifconfig usb0 up  as of note , this may require busybox pushed to your phone , which is common in rooted environments .
after running the following command : sudo ./adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or ./adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp  i get : action 'dhcp' failed (Permission denied)  i think this is because the phone needs to be rooted , aka it is not possible to have reverse-tethering without rooting , at least not on samsung galaxy . if i am wrong ( and i hope so ) , please correct me . luca
i am trying to do the same thing on my samsung captivate ( galaxy s ) with no success . i have followed this tutorial : http://blog.mycila.com/2010/06/reverse-usb-tethering-with-android-22.html and i think that the problem is , and may also be for you , that " tethering and usb debugging do not work simultaneously on this device " . bummer .
follow this steps , it will bring you phone back to life http://www.hackmyandroid.com/how-unbrick-optimus-android-phone/1980
casting your android device to chromecast is not officially supported . the cast screen tile shows up in certain conditions but at the moment it is not possible to cast your screen . from the original article : the cast screen tile seems to pop up for users of nexus and newer motorola devices when certain chromecast apps have been used , for example allcast . it is triggering something in android related to an incomplete casting feature – that is all we can say for sure . no one has , to our knowledge , gotten this native screen casting feature to work on a stock device – it just crashes when trying to connect to a chromecast . ( . . . ) presumably google will fix this and expose it to users eventually , but right now all you are seeing is a stub of a future feature . update - at google i/o 2014 they announced that screen mirroring is coming in a future update of google play services . it is expected that this will roll out in the next few weeks .
i used my s3 in " android system recovery " the option " wipe data/factory reset " seems to npt wipe /sdcard/ partition . in my case it resolved the isue , now the phone is not stuck , and all the apps that were deleted are re-installed from the cloud by android because i had backup them on the cloud . just as a side note , before i used the above option to get rid of boot stuck on samasung logo , i could not use odin to install an original firmware downloaded from here : http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/3/?download=14509
yes , such internet-based applications normally use background services to stay connected with their servers and use mobile data when wi-fi is not available . but data usage is often very low for such background apps . if you want to stop any data usage of any app when you are not using internet apps , you can disable mobile data temporarily . to do so , go to settings -> wifi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . also , if you are using android 4 ics or newer , you can disable background mobile data usage for some apps . just go to settings and under wireless and networks , click on data usage . then you will see a list of apps that has used your data . select the app you want to restrict and in newer window , scroll to bottom and check option " restrict background data " . then , no background mobile data for that app is allowed .
use alarm clock xtreme . its reliable and it has everything you want .
converting my comment into an answer , as it proofed according to its follow-ups : in a thread at xda , a user states : i had the same problem when i tried to setup an exchange email account and installed a certificate . fixed it by deleting all certificates . settings> security> clear credintials so i would suggest you just do that . for additional information , also take a look at this thread at android-forums , which deals with the same problem you mention as example in your question ( "screen pattern lock " -- here : disable lock screen ) .
please erase the camera data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Camera -&gt; Clear Data 
there is no way i know of to pass on settings to one device or another unless 1 ) they are the same model of phone and 2 ) both phones are rooted . you can back up your current system settings using clockworkmod backup if rooted , then flash that onto the other phone through clockworkmod as well . this will share all your apps you had at the time of the backup . as far as sharing apps , your google account will transfer your apps from phone to phone . just sign in with your google account and re-install from the app store . you do not need root access to do this . for either option , to use most paid apps you need to be signed in to your google account when you use them , otherwise they will not work .
most likely , your x8 is broadcasting the wireless network in ad-hoc mode rather than infrastructure ( ap ) mode . android does not natively support ad-hoc wireless connections , which is why your tablet cannot see or connect to the hotspot . your options depend largely on the state of your devices . if your phone is rooted then you can try a custom rom or kernel that is built with support for infrastructure mode . xda 's x8 sub-forum would be a good place to start looking for a rom/kernel that suits your needs . custom roms may list infrastructure or wifi tethering support in their features , though you may have to skim the rom 's thread as a whole to find out . if your tablet is rooted then you could try to find a wireless module that has been built to support ad-hoc mode . there are modifications for many mainstream tablets that will enable this functionality , usually consisting of a patched version of the wpa_supplicant binary that would need to be installed on your device . if neither device is rooted then there is probably not much you can do . you may want to look into other alternatives , such as perhaps bluetooth tethering .
the wifi-tether app supports running in infrastructure mode . make sure you have the app called wifi-tether ( not wireless-tether or anything ) use of this app requires a rooted phone and netfilter compiled into your kernel ( which may or may not come stock )
a media server , using e.g. bubbleupnp a machine for development/coding , using e.g. terminal ide a " picture frame " ( before mentioned bubbleupnp should be able to do that along , but many gallery apps in slideshow-mode as well ) a web server , e.g. with androphp / bit web server ( php , mysql , pma ) / ulti server : php , mysql , pma – also see : turn a android phone with broken screen into dedicated web server have it ready as emergency/backup phome with some prepaid card use it as " modem"/router for devices without a sim card ( tablets etc . ) or without a data-plan , utilizing its hotspot functionality ( sure you could use your main device for it ; but using the old one keeps the juice in your main device ; ) use it as " test device " for any apps you want to try . with no important/daily-use/private data on it , you could even use some " risky sounding " apps here , and easily factory-reset it afterwards . for this , a separate google account might prove useful as well .
being able to access it wirelessly : try a vnc app , or airdroid ? mini server : check out servers ultimate apart from that , maybe try using it as a torrenting machine or a security camera .
since this product exists , i assume that you can connect memory devices ( such as a thumbdrive/pendrive ) to your phone with just a usb connection , the otg cable that you mention is just an adapter for two different kinds of connectors of what is essentially the same type of connection ( usb ) . ymmv , but it should technically be possible to connect memory devices to your phone this way . which ones work and which ones do not probably depends on many factors , such as the rom running on your phone , the thumbdrive/sd card reader used and so on .
maybe . chainfire 's usb host diagnostics reports shows some instances of the galaxy s3 mini ( model gt-i8190 ) as working with usb otg on the stock rom , but also about as many reports of it not working . it looks like just about all instances of the successful otg tests are on rooted devices . about the only way you will find out for sure is to try it for yourself . worst case , you are out the couple dollars the cable cost you .
i would assume , yes . currently , my samsung galaxy s4 ( using the latest stock rom ) supports usb otg . before that , i had a samsung galaxy s2 . using the stock rom , i could not use usb otg . so , i installed usb otg helper , which requires your phone to have root . when i changed to cyanogenmod ( cm ) rom 10.1 , i did not need usb otg helper ; it had usb otg support .
in the future , you can just use your phone like a flash drive when you have it plugged in . you can add it to the internal storage or a micro sd card .
i guess since no one else answered , i will post what i ended up doing as an answer . the solution that worked best for me was isyncr . it is a mac/pc app that acts as a middleman between itunes and your device , so you can sync all your itunes music , playlists , and song data . it was not perfect or free , but it was what worked the best for me .
count of 5 star * 5+ count of 4 star * 4+ count of 3 star * 3+ count of 2 star * 2+ count of 1 star divided by number of people rated
you are missing the ratings of users who did not leave comments . a large , significant number of users do not leave comments , but they do rate apps . this is what a developer will see in their dashboard , a breakdown of all ratings of their app : so i have an average rating of about 4.57 out of 331 ratings . however , in the dashboard i only have 6 pages of comments , and each page has up to 20 comments . so i have no more than 120 comments on my app . so you had only be seeing 1/3 of the ratings for my app in particular .
could be a bug in the app , but i rarely use the calendar widget . it is also possible that this has been casued by the time change , or that you are in the afternoon . however , you could try erasing all data on the app , and clearing it is cache , then trying again .
first , obtain the following : android device with root access adb on your computer you can do without this , but that just means a lot of time copying files back and forth to your phone and moving them with something like root explorer text editor now , plug your phone in to your computer and navigate to the /system/usr/keylayout/ folder , using adb or a terminal emulator pull the file for your keylayout . mine was called qwerty.kl and looked like this : now , play with the file ! to change L to M , key 38 L-> key 38 M obviously , key ### maps to certain keys . this can be tedious , as you mostly have to guess and check the key numbers . here is what i have found so far for mine , hopefully it helps : the next part is the mapping . simply put the character or command , such as HOME after the key number . the last part ( WAKE/WAKE_DROPPED ) determines if the key wakes the screen . WAKE=wake the screen WAKE_DROPPED=do not wake screen . now get it like you want it , and enjoy ! this will work with english-based keyboards , after that it is a little more guess and check , because you will need to know the foreign character that corresponds to the english character that corresponds to the key # .
is your widget application installed to the sd card ? if yes , then that is the problem . when the phone reboots , it takes a few minutes for the sd card to get loaded . this causes an issue for any widgets that are not installed to the internal memory as they are not available when the phone first boots up , causing them to not load . so , please verify the widget app is installed to internal memory instead of the sd card . this is what you are looking for :
the android permission system has so flaws . . . any app that wants to use any part of a particular permission must accept access to all parts of that permission . for example , i created an app that started off using no permissions . eventually , i wanted to add the capability to export the database to the sd card . i had to add the permission that allowed me to write to the sd card . that permission gives me full access to the sd card to write , delete , snoop , etc . so , yes , those apps can do all those things you fear with those permissions . no real way around it if you need those apps . but , to be fair , the other option ( ios ) is all apps have all permissions , without ever informing you of which of those they intend to use , no matter how rough - grained .
plug in launcher is a free app that lets you launch any app once you plug-in your headset .
as i have already pointed out in a comment on the question , there are plenty of headset control answers ( see e.g. this one ) . those app give you some added control using your headset , so they allow to define what app shall be started when the headset is plugged in , and using the single headset button they let you perform a multitude of actions like volume control , start/stop , skip , pick up/reject call , and more . a different approach could make use of our " ultimate automation tool " tasker , which also can supervise the headset plug . this would give you even greater control over the conditions . so you could e.g. have a different app started at home than at work . here you could use state → headset plugged as condition ( and optionally , ad described , location , time , whether power is connected , the device docked . . . ) , and then load app as action . you could even have set the volumes to your likeness before , and let tasker send an sms to everybody to not to disturb you while enjoying your music ; ) available tasker actions and example profiles ( source : google play ; click for larger images ) funny thing is : as the second picture shows , your case is even used for the example pictures on google play ( headset plugged → start music ) . . .
as titanium backup technical faq states : this option tells the market that you do not want to update a specific app . this option is especially useful if you need to unlink wrongly linked android apps from play store , as this article explains .
after many failed tries to reactivate the htc facebook , i have decided to reset to factory defaults . this fixed the issue . now facebook for htc is working fine .
short answer widgets do not actually " run " themselves , like normal apps do . the widget host ( i.e. . the home screen app , or the lock screen ) is in charge of drawing all the widgets . the widget provider ( part of the app ) tells the host what layout to give each widget , and how often it wants the widget to update . there is nothing running to " suspend " , regardless of whether the widget is visible or not . resource cost while the widget does not " run " , it still has to be shown on the screen . every widget therefore makes the host process ( i.e. . the launcher ) a little more expensive in cpu usage and memory . every time the widget is redrawn ( whenever it changes , or whenever the home screen animates ) , it makes that redraw use a few more cpu cycles . also , once the provider has told the host what layout to use , the host has to use ram to remember the widget 's layout . because it is the host storing that information and drawing the widget , it counts towards the host 's battery use and memory footprint , not the app 's . how much cost it is depends on the host ( that is , which launcher you use ) , as well as on how complex the layout is . for this reason , android puts strict limits on the complexity of each widget 's layout , as well as the total size of all images used in the widget . the limit depends on the pixel size of the screen , so on a nexus-10 it is huge . if you have lots of widgets , all using large images or complex layouts , the launcher process can take up quite a lot of memory , so it is more likely to be killed while you are running an app in the foreground . the effect of this would be to cause a short delay when going to the home screen . services of course , it is also possible for a background service to keep giving the host ( home screen ) a new layout for the widget . this is how ( say ) an email widget can be updated when you have new emails . such a service would run whether the widget is currently displayed or not : there is no way for the service to tell . for example , if you have an email widget , the normal email service should run at intervals to check mail , and update the widget during the course of its normal run if there is any new mail . in this case , the only cost of the widget is the small cost inside the host , because the service would be running anyway to sync your mail in the background . having a rotating list ( such as in your example ) should not in itself make you think there is a service always running in the background , for this reason : lists and rotating banners the interface that widget providers use to specify what the layout should be allows them to give a list of items . for example , this might be a list of email messages , or a list of calendar appointments , that you can scroll through . the provider can also have the home screen rotate through the list automatically . the youtube widget uses this , for example , so that the widget can keep showing new videos without the provider having to keep changing the layout . if your widget uses this facility , then the home screen only runs any extra code when it is time to rotate the list . which cost is important ? the resource cost of a normal widget ( that is , one that does not have an insanely complicated layout and does not use huge bitmaps ) is tiny compared to the cost of a background service to update it with new information . to take your ea daily deals example , you do not need to worry about the widget rotating , but rather how the daily deals are updated . does the service run all of the time , or every few minutes ; or does it actually run once a day to fetch the new deals ? does it stop itself if there is no internet connection ? will it wake the device from sleep to do an update ? these are all things the app author had to program , and that users can not control ( and do not need to know about directly ) , but they have a much bigger effect on the widget 's cost than anything the launcher does . tl ; dr drawing widgets , even rotating widgets , is cheap : too cheap to measure the cost . the real cost is whatever app runs in the background to update the widget with new data . how often that app runs depends on the app , and does not depend on whether the widget is displayed at any given time .
in my experience , widgets keep running even when the phone is locked , or a different home screen is selected .
after formatting both ext and int sd card , it is not possible to recover , as the files are spreaded over both locations . nowadays games ' sizes can be in gigs , so developers , instead of consuming internal memory , prefer move the game data to external cards if they are found . we call it app2sd . its availble beyond android 2.2 froyo . so imo the game might be missing its raw file from external sd . btw , which game you are talking about and what was its original apk size ?
in the phone 's settings : communication -> cellular network -> access points ( the actual names/path may vary by language/type , but that should give you an idea ) i switched from wap to internet . the operator was providing it all along , just the phone was defaulting to wap .
besides being an apn issue , as pointed out by aadi , it could also be that your current mobile contract does not allow some type of mobile communication ( like gtalk ) . you should contact your mobile carrier and ask him .
it is an ap issue , call your operator and ask him to send the gprs settings again . once done , choose it and if it does not work , restart phone , it should work .
it could be a misbehaving app keeping the device awake ; i have that about once a month with my motorola milestone 2 . did not figure out how to prevent it , but a reboot always solved it . a proposal how to " catch " it , however : there is an app called drainguard available on the playstore . it watches your battery consumption , and gives an alert as soon as it detects a " sudden drop " . this helps to notice the " power drain " before the "5% alert " makes a noise and switches your phone off -- so you can either start investigating while the process is ongoing ( some time left before " full drain" ) , or simply trigger an immediate reboot to " kick the bad guy out " when in a hurry .
a bad battery could cause this .
you can try to make your ( perhaps incompatible ) keyboard work using externel keyboard helper . if this works here is the fully functional pro version . i bought this app to completely reconfigure the keyboard layout of my bluetooth keyboard and to get an automatic dialog on keyboard connection to adjust the input method and the app is imho pretty useful once you get it how to deal with the configuration interface . ; - ) maybe it works for you as well and detects the input from your keyboard . you can just give it a try as its free anyway .
maybe your mobile does not support otg . it may also need to be connected via a powered usb hub in order to provide enough power .
i use switchpro widget app instead of the power controls . so many more options and customizable . not free but only 99c . it has a auto rotate toggle among many more switches .
i was wrong about the setting , it was not the auto rotate button . power control widget does not have auto rotate , just wifi - bt - gps - sync - brightness . from http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42405 : what you consider to be the auto-rotate toggle , is the button to switch the sync ! it will switch whether your device will sync in background or not .
i too was thinking the sync button on the power control widget was the auto-rotate buttong . however i have found that by touching the top status bar and dragging it down gives me an auto-rotate button without having to go into settings , etc . . . this is available while inside most apps so you do not have to exit to go to the settings panel .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
you can simply use an app like earpiece . it does what you want to do . you can pop earpiece up on top of another application simply by holding down the search key . then check Audio through earpiece on a side note , use at your own risk . playing audio at high volumes , especially for a prolonged amount of time , can damage speakers and/or hearing .
yes install some other tts engine like , this or this . and as the market page says , to enable it : 1 . menu > settings > voice input and output > text-to-speech settings 2 . check " espeak tts " . 3 . set your " default engine " to " espeak tts " .
music , what played at line hold/conference waiting are set by operator , and at most cases it not allowed to change it ( except corporate virtual phonebox ) . music , what caller hear , when waiting for connect , can be changed by operator , but it usualy costs money for people , whom you call . you can only decrease call volume .
i wanted to be able to use adb 's ability to simulate touch input to pair a bluetooth mouse to my phone , but it does not seem like this is going to be possible because i am running 4.2+ which requires rsa fingerprint authentication . . . which none of my computers have permission for . i will order a usb 3-way y cable and use a hack version of usb otg to plug in a physical mouse . i can do this because i can use adb through fastboot to temporarily boot a non-touch cwm recovery , then use adb to push the modified kernel img and flash using the non-touch interface , which should then hopefully boot up . since i am on cm10.2 i already know franco kernel causes soft-brick , so hopefully the modified otg stock kernel does not cause soft-brick . once i have the phone fully booted , it should just be a matter of connecting a power source and pointing device to interface with my device .
if your talking within your app , this is impossible as you cannot override the home button even if it is soft or hard button . so a full lock is always impossible . this is to stop rogue app 's taking full control of the phone .
there are several apps on google play that can do that . here are two , that do what you want : touchblocker touchlocker
according to this question/answer , the . asec files are actually dm-crypt containers which can be mounted , and contain the unencrypted . apk . the keys are stored in /data/misc/systemkeys/AppsOnSD.sks . the mounting process depends on the tools available , but it can be as simple as running ( on linux ) to mount and umount /your/mountpoint &amp;&amp; cryptsetup close asecmount &amp;&amp; losetup -d /dev/loop0 . you can also access the contents of the . asec file from /mnt/asec/[app-id]/ if you have it already mounted on your device .
you can block all 3g usage by going to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and then clciking use only 2g networks to disable 3g usage . there are also lots of widgets available that will allow you toggle between 2g / 3g usage .
if you have a rooted device you can filter which specific apps can access the 3g connection with droidwall .
onavo will let you do this , and it does not require your device to be rooted : " data hog blocking : restrict specific apps to wi-fi , or block your 3g data altogether once you exceed your data cap to avoid any additional costs " note that it is only free for a limited time ( http://www.onavo.com/help ) .
the motodev site has the internal specs for every motorola android device . if you scroll to the " media " section , you will see the list of supported formats . usually it is the core media formats plus any extras . for example , the razr . . . http://developer.motorola.com/products/razr_maxx_xt910/
the supported media formats page of the android sdk documentation ( under the " core media formats " subsection ) outlines all of the formats that vanilla android supports . audio codecs specifically noted are : aac lc/ltp he-accv1 he-accv2 amr-nb amr-wb flac mp3 midi vorbis pcm/wave as the documentation also notes , manufacturers can provided decoders for additional media formats , meaning that this can potentially vary by device a bit . i am not aware of any simple way to determine which extra formats are supported by a device aside from simply copying a sample over and attempting to play it with the stock music player . similarly , specific apps can potentially provide software decoding for additional codecs . mx player provides codecs in the play store , for example .
see the edits for recent updates to this although the answer is still a general ' no ' in short , no , not easily anyway . you can get all of the information off it by using an app such as nfc taginfo however currently stock android phones do not support emulating nfc cards even though their hardware allows for it . if you were willing to install a custom rom on the device then there may be a working rom that allows for the functionality on those devices , there is one for the nexus s , however these roms usually only let the phone act as a tag so you can not put data on it directly from the phone , you had have to write the data onto it from another source . i also have not seen one that allows for the setting of the uid ( unique identifier ) which is what most door readers and access control systems will work with so even if you could emulate the information on a tag you still could not open the door as the uid would be wrong . edit : it is now possible to load applications onto your device and have them communicate with a reader via nfc however for this to work you must be running cyanogenmod and this still does not solve your problem , the app still can not change the uid that the phone shows . edit edit : with android kitkat 4.4 the ability to have the phone act as an nfc card is built into the operating system so you no longer have to rely on cyanogenmod . however it can not actually emulate a tag ( such as a mifare tag ) which is what most access cards are and it can not set its own uid . n.b. i have not had a chance to play with this much so i am just going on what i have read .
in a word : no . in order for all applications on the device to have access to a cifs mount , cifs support needs to be compiled into the kernel ( or at least available as a loadable module ) . i have never seen a device that shipped with such a kernel from the manufacturer . does not mean that they do not exist , i just have not seen them . now , for some devices that have been rooted/unlocked and replacement kernels can be compiled , i have seen kernels made with cifs support built in . once you have cifs support in the kernel , you could use an application like mount manager to handle the system-wide mounts . the applications like es file explorer you have seen with cifs support have their own private implementation . they are unable to mount the share into the global namespace such that other apps could take advantage .
i think this might be what you are looking for : meta widget : Create widgets from almost any website element websnap-web capture , web widget : take a snapshot of any web page or part of a page and display it on your Android home screen with a refresh interval of your choice feel free to search google play for related apps .
as geffchang has suggested , there are some widgets that can show a thumbnail/screenshot of the website , but it is not possible to have a fully working , interactive view like you get in a web browser . home screen widgets do not run like normal apps : instead , the widget provider tells the home screen app what layout the widget should have , from a set list of gui elements ( text , buttons , images , and c . ) . it is not possible to include a web browser view in that layout .
i use photowonder for this .
your region is determined by your ip address and your account . what you see in the store is determined by your ip 's location , but what you can actually purchase is determined by your google account . i bought a nexus 7 from the usa and primarily use it in singapore with a singapore google account and credit card . all of the prices are in sgd and i do not have access to things like books or movies . i am currently in japan and a lot of the play store text and app titles are in japanese , the prices are in yen and i can see movies and books . i have bought some apps , but i cannot download region restricted items e.g. books and some games ( even free ones ) .
google uses your ip address and visible wifi networks , as well as the information from the google account you used to determine your region .
for what adb backup does , you might wish to see our backup tag-wiki . basically , depending on the command line switches used , it backs up apps ( .apk ) and their data . as for the second part of your question , you might wish to see is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? yes , it is possible extracting parts of it , and yes , titanium backup is one of the apps capable of this . other ways are described in the linked question . also worth a look : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? partial adb restore backup and restore android settings and application through adb
when installing you granted all of these apps an explicit permission to start when your application starts ! but for the examples you give ( though i have not ever installed orkut myself ) , most of these apps offer settings internally that allows you to choose whether they start automatically . ( recent versions of skype have disabled launch-on-boot , have you tried updating your version ? )
there is currently no way to do this . the only way to gain root on hboot 2.18 is to use the htcdev tool to unlock your bootloader which requires a usb cable to work since it uses fastboot commands . revolutionary and other methods only support hboot versions up to 2.16.0001 on the evo 4g .
newton 's second law states that force = mass * acceleration . we can use this formula to solve for mass:: mass = force / acceleration . as such , we need a known force in order to take a measurement of acceleration to determine mass . hopping into the air is going to be a variable , instantaneous force . also , your legs are going to act like variable force springs to absorb your impact with the ground . all of these variables would really frustrate your attempt to get anything close to a valid mass reading . nasa has created device that uses the measurement of acceleration to determine mass for astronauts in space . the space linear acceleration mass measurement device ( slammd ) uses two springs to generate a known force on the subject and then reads the acceleration to determine mass . there is a nice video on youtube explaining how it works and providing a demonstration of the device in action .
summing up from the comments : your device is most likely sim-locked by your provider ( even more likely if you bought it there for a discount , or got it free with your contract ) . so it will only work with sim cards from that specific provider . if you want to use it with a different ( pre-paid ) card , you need to have your device unlocked first . while it is generally possible to do that yourself , it will not only cost you time to figure out how , but you might also risk " making a mess " of it ( as t0mm13b put it ) . so best is to go to some shop offering this service , and pay a little fee having them doing the job . saves you at least some headaches . see also : “sim card does not allow a connection to this network” error questions tagged " sim-unlocking "
did you add the apn settings ? they are not always automatically generated . your carrier should provide instructions on how to add /check your apn settings .
while it sounds strange that there should be no keyboard present , and as trivial as it might sound : simply installing an alternative keyboard from the playstore should fix that . take e.g. hacker 's keyboard , which is a very flexible one , and well rated ( i am using it myself on my tablets ) . simply install it , and its settings should turn up at the place you have described . optionally , add the dictionaries for the languages you like to have them ( see the keyboard 's playstore page , some are directly linked to the app ) . do it from a pc/laptop as you currently have no keyboard available on your device , it might be difficult/impossible to use the playstore app on the device itself to install the above . you can still install it : on your laptop/pc , open a web browser and go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard log in with the credentials of the google account you use on your device click the " install " button , accept the permissions for the app ( they are ok ) the keyboard will be pushed to your device once the installation has finished ( you can see this in your device 's notification area ) , you can go to the described place ( settings → language and input → keyboards and input methods ) and make the new keyboard the default input method . with that final step , you problem should be solved . no google-account configured on the device ? in this case , installation via the web interface cannot work either , as the app-to-be-installed cannot be pushed to the device . still , there is something you can do : on your pc/laptop : visit the hacker 's keyboard project 's download page and download the .apk file to your computer if you do not have any file manager on your android device : you will need the android sdk installed , or at least a " mini variant " ( the adb/adb.exe binary and , on windows , its helper .dll files -- check the adb tag and its wiki for details , and see qtadb for a simple , user-friendly variant working on windows , mac and linux ) when on windows : make sure you have the drivers for your android device installed on your android-device : enable unknown-sources to activate side-loading ( settings&rarr ; security : check " unknown sources" ) if you do not have a file-manager app on your android device : enable adb debugging ( settings&rarr ; development : check usb-debugging ) connect your android device with your pc/laptop via usb cable to install your .apk . . . if you have a file-manager app on your android device : simply copy the .apk to your device as you usually copy files there use your file-manager app to navigate to the .apk " tapp " the .apk file 's entry . after asking your confirmation , the app will be installed . skip all below -- you are done . if you do not have a file-manager app on your device : use pm install via the adb command-line to install the .apk on your android device ( see xda-developers for more details on this -- usually it should be adb pm install /path/to/download/*.apk , replace the /path/to/download part with the full directory name of where you saved the .apk to ) .
no not every android phone does this but it is done in many htc phones . the reason is simple : memory usage . here is the breakdown : when the system is running out of memory , the inbuilt task killer of the system automatically kicks in and checks to see if it can stop an application and recover some ram . htc sense devices employ a launcher that is " heavy " and often uses up a lot of memory so when the task killer sees you are not using your launcher and knows it needs the ram for another app , it kills the launcher . thus , when you hit the home button or quit the app , the launcher has to re-initialize . tips : do not use a task-killer if you dont have a low end device . android already has a built-in one that kills apps and does it safely . using apps such as " advanced taskkiller " actually mess with the way the system kills apps and actually can cause more force closes and system instability in the long run . additionally , the more ram the system has , the more the launcher uses to cache stuff it needs . this is good because the launcher becomes more responsive and fast as its using a cached copy instead of grabbing it all over again . if you clear the cache constantly , it needs to re-cache the items and so it will be less responsive . use a lighter launcher . sense might be good but there are more rock solid and light launchers such as launcher pro that wont experience this problem . you dont need a new phone with more ram . trust me , 1gb of ram is more than enough with the right system . : )
an ruu is a windows executable file ( htc currently does not support mac or linux ) that installs a rom to your device . it will overwrite the following partitions : system ( the /system mountpoint ) boot ( the /boot mountpoint ) recovery user data ( the /data mountpoint , this means you lose all of your personal data ) it may update your radio image ( if newer ) you use an ruu by simply connecting your phone and running the executable file . i belive htc sync may also be required , but i have not done this in a while . the reason this unroots your device is sort of twofold , though it depends on your exact configuration . first , the su binary and superuser app are typically installed to your system partition when you root . since this is overwritten with a stock version of the partition , those two things will not be present . this prevents you from making calls to the su binary which is needed to grant root permissions to an app . secondly , the boot partition has a flag which defines whether or not adbd ( that is , the adb daemon ) runs with root permission , called ro.secure . the default value for this on a stock boot image is 1 , which means that it is not running as root ( so 1 represents " yes , it is secure" ) . many custom roms set this to 0 so that you can immediately get a root prompt when you use adb shell , and also so that you can execute privileged commands without the need for a shell ( i.e. . adb pull ) . per your last question , i do not think you can run an improper ruu , but i have never tried . it does go through a verification process before the upload , at which point i assume that it checks to ensure that you have the proper device and whatnot . my guess would be that the verification would fail if you tried to use one on a device it was not designed for . if you want more information , i managed to dig up a pdf from htc 's site which outlines how to use an ruu on the htc magic ( rogers wireless version ) . the steps are generally the same for any android device , though . also of note , there is an open-source program which is designed to provide the same functionality while being cross platform . it is simply called htcflasher , and i have not used it myself . you can find it on google code if it is of interest to you .
i got a nexus s a couple of months ago . first thing i did was to root it an switch to cyanogenmod . since then , it is all been a nightmare , but i can not really tell if it would have been better if i sticked to the stock rom . thing it the phone will not make it till 9pm . the battery use shows " android os " generally taking over 50% of my battery , way more than what the display uses ( which in most phones is reasonably the main source of battery drainage ) . my veredict is negative . a nexus should be part of the most slick android saga out there . it get 's the cutting edge updates right from google and the community care about it as well . users should not be having to worry about battery issues and which are the workarounds for this . sadly , i have decided to sell this phone and go back to my beloved nexus one , which from my point of view , does deserve its place in the nexus breed .
i do not think it is unreasonable to charge a smartphone every night if you are actively using it throughout the day . some games/apps can be quite taxing on the cpu and actually generate some heat . that 3g radio you have probably has a long journey to the signal tower too . i find that if i use my phone just a as phone - with the odd text message /phone call i could probably last over 2 days , but that is no fun : ) if you are having issues be sure to check the battery usage in settings > about phone . if for some reason you are unable to charge it is possible to stretch out the battery life loads by turning off background data/brightness/switching to 2g etc .
20 hours is not at all shabby for an advanced smartphone . charging over night us just the habit you must get into . before coming to android i had a nokia n95 and i was lucky if that made it through the day !
applications purchased are tied to your amazon account . you can also tie multiple devices to your amazon account . however , every device must have the amazon appstore app installed on it and must be logged in to access the apps installed via the amazon appstore , which would give anyone with any of these devices the ability to purchase additional apps using your amazon account and it is payment information . so , as the amazon help describes it , it does look like it is possible . however , it also looks like a really bad idea unless you absolutely trust everyone who has each of these 10 devices .
yes , you can install all the apps you buy from the amazon appstore on any device which is linked to that amazon account . it operates just like paid apps in the android market which are available to all the devices associated with that particular google account . i have 3 android devices and all they are all linked to the same amazon account and the same google account and when i purchase an app through the market or the appstore i have it on all three devices .
the max is 25 . it'll tell you that your username or password is wrong if you try to auth any more . though it is pretty easy de-authing them from the amazon website found a source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-1315474.html
all account data on the phone is lost after a factory reset . perhaps you can use a different way to find that email address , however . did you ever send email from that account to one of your other email accounts ? what about to a friend or family member ? see if you can find one of those old messages . did you ever log into a google service using that account on a pc/mac browser ? if so , maybe you can find it in your browsing history or saved passwords . did you link that google account with any other online service ? did you create a google+ account with that address ? you might have if you ever wrote a review of an app in the google play store . try and find your google+ profile .
try going under apps in the settings . find the touchwiz launcher in the list . there should be an option to clear defaults . this should fix your problem . if the problem persists , try reinstalling nova .
use this app . it does exactly what you want : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nezdroid.lockscreenprotector
the app mentioned by vishal is not working with kitkat 4.4.4 . i am using a module for the xposed framework mentioned on this xda thread , where you can download it from the attachment .
head over to settings> application manager> soptify> clear the cache and the data stored .
i do not think this will ever be supported . storage space on sim cards is very limited : the first generation , as far as i remember , could not store much more than 10 sms , more recent generations might store maybe 100 . still , most people would very likely run out of storage here , and thus block new messages from being received . as it is uncertain how long providers would retry sending an sms to the device before discarding it , communication would get lost -- surely not a goal of a communication oriented device . access to sms stored on sims is only provided for compatibility reasons , i would say -- and i doubt this will change ( not for " better support " of sim for sure -- instead , it might be dropped completely ) . it is an out-aged technology .
as pt says , the update will be made in india , but the movies etc , wont be available in india . its only the name and the icon of the market/play app which will change . . maybe sometime in the future we will get the other services . . .
the " market " to " play " renaming is just a re-branding of the store . it will not change any of the underlying availability or features . you will have to ask google ( good luck ! ) about if/when additional feature will be made available in india . so there is nothing to be gained by " upgrading " , other than satisfying the google marketing department . here are some details from the google play faq :
if your os version is 2.2 or above you will have the option by default in the settings . Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks-&gt;Tethering &amp; portable hotspot-&gt; Tick Portable hotspot. 
i got this to work by rooting the phone and installing cyanogenmod 7 . the wifi hotspot for tethering other devices is built into the operating system .
what software do i need to add to do this or can it be done with the built-in software ? all software for it is built-in . look through Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks menu . there must be items like Portable Wi-Fi hotspot and Portable Wi-Fi hotspot settings
it does not . if you do not change any settings , android will always do power management the same way . installing and removing apps can affect battery life since running processes may eat battery while your acreen is locked , and the like .
actually battery life can change and according to this post from htc it can even be improved by the steps outlined in the post .
i will agree with al everett and say that the amount of playing with the new toy is certainly a factor early on . i also did not notice any intrinsic changes in the systems battery management over time . i did however notice a massive increase in battery life by turning off auto-sync , and even mobile on occasion . with those two on , i would see a significant drop in battery when i slept overnight , but it does not budge with those two off . i use two power control widgets , the htc data dashboard and the android power control widget . between the two , it is a piece of cake to tweak power settings to make sure i get the most out of the battery .
you can try setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 in a terminal . this works on the htc dream ; can not say i have needed to do it on other phones , and i can not say if it needs root or not ( the exploit on the dream runs that command as root , so it is completely possible you need root first . ) see this question here for other ideas : broken screen , can&#39 ; t adb
recovery mode is not available on the stock lg gt540 . in order to flash a different rom , you will need to first flash a rom that has " fastboot " enabled via software updater utility kdz , as described in this guide : download and install lg 's windows drivers for your phone , and make sure your computer recognizes the phone when you connect it via usb . download the kdz updater and fastboot binary from here and extract them . latest msxml package is required for kdz to work , so download it directly from microsoft and install it on your pc . download the rom with fastboot enabled from here . save the " . kdz " files somewhere on your pc ( e . g . on the C:\ drive . ) on your phone enable usb debugging by going to menu -> settings -> applications -> development and make sure the USB Debugging option is checked . connect the phone to pc via usb cable . when prompted , do not activate the mass storage . launch the kdz updater , change “type” a “3gqct” and “phonemode” “diag” . click the " browse icon next to " kdz file " option , browse to wherever you saved the v20a_00 . kdz , and click open . click the Launch software update button and ( patiently ) wait for the process to complete . this can take up to 15 minutes . the phone will reboot when the update is completed . repeat steps 5 through 8 , but this time around select the romfastboot.kdz file . turn off your phone , press and hold the camera and power buttons together , and release when the screen 's backlight turns on . connect the phone to your pc . you can now use the fastboot module to install a different recovery image ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) and a different rom ( e . g . cyanogenmod 7 . )
sounds like you are looking for an app which allows you to password-protect other apps . there are many on the market , but i have not used them so cannot comment on their reliability .
one of the comments with 9 likes in the video says : Settings &gt; More settings &gt; Under file/data\ufeff transfer, turn off NFC
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
i have used bootmanager on my nexus s without issue and i believe that you will be able to wipe the system , data and cache of your second slot without it affecting the original rom . but this will be easy for you to test : make a nandroid backup of your phone . always make a nandroid backup ! once this is done you can go crazy and try installing miui but make sure you install gapps too ( or the miui equivilent - sorry i am woefully inexperienced with miui but i would imagine they also did not distr the google apps with the rom ) - ( the last time i installed a rom using rom manager i needed to hunt out a different version of gapps than the ones that come with cm or aokp - something to do with these version being scripted as opposed to just flat apks ) . you need to install gapps as you will need to have the market to install bootmanager again in order to change roms . there is a way of doing this manually through the shell and fastbook , but it is not fun . if anything messes up then restore your nandroid backup and you are back to where you started . have fun : )
sms backup + reports to work on android 1.5 and above and it backs up mms . it pushes everything to your gmail account under a defined label . i have been using it for a while and it is very good .
it sounds like you are trying to do something a bit like dlna ? this is the set of technologies/protocols that allow you to play media on one device on another device on a home network . it is designed for connecting things like media servers , media players , tvs , etc all together to play across the home network . you might find the answers to the following questions useful : can i get dlna on my droid ? dlna enabled media player ?
you might consider plex . you would need to install the plex server on some machine and then install the plex player on your android . software is free . i have found that it generally works well over wireless . however , i have been playing from my win7 laptop over to my roku ( with plex installed ) . have not tried it on the phone . in theory , plex works at wan speeds too ; and they provide a login service you can use to find your plex server at home while on the road . oops . . . did not look at the date of the post . sorry .
dns can be changed with apps like " set dns " and with the setprop command , however all fail on kitkat to modify resolvers only in case they were set by the mobile carrier . an simple solutions was given at : how to change mobile connections&#39 ; s dns on android kitkat ? ( in brief : put imgur 's ip 's in /etc/hosts ) it will work , but myself , i am still hunting a way to modify the carrier 's resolvers .
the clue lies with the comment above but i just tried ' adb reboot bootloader ' , and it worked . which shows that adb is indeed recognizing the usb connection , but not in fast-boot mode which is where this answer comes in . . . sounds like the udev rule for the fast-boot is absent ! do this : lsusb with the cable plugged in while the handset is in fast-boot mode . typical output should be one similar to this : bus 001 device 012: id 18d1:d00d google inc .  ^^^^ ^^^^  the numbers identifier 18d1:d00d corresponds to idvendor : idproduct respectively . make note of it , and check your udev rules found in /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android-rules . ( mileage will vary slightly with differing linux distributions ! ) if you do not have this file , then its recommended to create one using root , there may be a few rules that need to be added depending on the mode of the handset , i.e. normal , recovery and boot-loader modes . here 's an example of mine , that has differing values respectively when handset is in one of these modes . take this as a template and change the numbers as shown that matches up with idvendor and idproduct respectively to suit your make/model of handset . the user id is added to the androiddev group , which was created on previous occasion , in that way i do not have to sudo at all ! to create a group , using root groupadd androiddev , this creates a group , then to add your linux 's user id to that group . . . usermod -a -G androiddev your_user_id ; replace your_user_id with your own user id used for logging in ) . then when in fast-boot mode , the fastboot binary should work ( bonus ! without the necessitating for sudo either ! )
i would use the app titanium backup . 1 . install titanium backup on the first user profile 2 . make a backup of the app or apps from the first user . 3 . install titanium backup on the second user profile 4 . restore data only to the second user profile that should do the trick . for instructions on how to use titanium backup look here : http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-user-guide.html#backup
you should check rawvision : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caketuzz.rawvision it will allow you to check your photos without converting to jpeg , but there is no way you will check pohtos without sending them to the tab first . now there are several means to have the photos on the tab , it mainly depends on the tab itself and its connectivity . usually , you will want to share the photos after checking them , rather than the other way . so that is what the app will allow you .
there are apps which allows you to connect to your pc and control it with your android device . these are generally referred as remote desktop applications . for android , there are many remote desktop apps , one that i have tried is called splashtop . i know logmein , which is quite famous among remote desktop softwares , also has android/ios version available . however these apps are usually not free . while these apps can do exactly what you want , it can also do much more than just viewing raw photos , basically it enables you to use your android device as your pc 's lcd monitor , so you can run any programs , open any files etc . therefore these apps tend not to be cheap .
the binaries should still be there so just install it again . updates sometimes make the icon vanish , but it is still there . do you have the apk file anywhere or is it purchased ?
if you see it in applications but not in the app drawer just reinstall it from the playstore . also make sure your launcher is not hiding the app icon , which is a possibility depending on what launcher you use . also in the supersu app under customizations launch icon , there is a setting to hide the icon . if you want to make sure the binaries are still there you can always check easily with an app called root verifier .
no , you do not need to do that . you can go ahead and install only the latest version . pro tip : to manage cyanogenmod updates , you can use an app called goomanager .
instructions:- download aroma file manager latest version place it in the root of your sdcard ( preferred ) reboot into recovery 4 . for cwm : mount all partitions ( including sd-ext if you have it ) and flash aroma file manager from sdcard for stock recovery : in stock recovery , there is no option to mount partitions , so flash aroma file manager , click on menu option and go to settings  select mount all partitions  now , exit from aroma file manager and reflash it .   now , you will see each partition is mounted 5 . now , go to /data/system note : if you have sd-ext mod to increase internal storage , go to /sd-ext/system/ 6 . now , if you have to remove pattern lock , long press and delete gesture . key if you want to remove password , delete password . key if you want to remove gesture , delete gesture . key exit the aroma file manager reboot 
if you have not rooted your tablet just hard reset it .
unicon is an icon theming tool which requires root , but it is more consistent throughout the device . icon changer changes only the icon of the shortcut , but does not require root . use apk extractor to get the installed apk from the device , transfer it to a pc , modify it and then reinstall it . does not require root .
if the icon changer that were suggested are not working , and you do not mind changing your launcher , there are some launchers that support icon changing ( and also theme changing and more good stuff ) . as example , you have : go launcher nova launcher you can have a look at the play store , and also see what other launchers can offer you !
from the home screen , press the phone 's Menu button . here , there is usually a button for Wallpaper ( it will be the top right button on the menu ) , where you should be able to pick your wallpaper ( this applies to your background and lockscreen ) .
i saw the cyanogenmod an KitKat tags on the question , so i suppose you own a rooted device with android 4.4 . in general there are good number of apps on the play store which are able to change the dns for mobile connections of pre android 4.4 devices and one ( which i wrote ) which changes the dns on android 4.4 devices . if you need the raw commands , here they are ( need root ) : my answer to a similar question is here and contains references to my app .
there is a flag that people can set on their youtube videos to allow or disallow those videos to be played on a mobile device . what you are seeing when you try to access those videos is that the person has set the flag to ' disallow ' .
use emulator . test on hardware , because if in market you see , what application not compartible with you device - it is not 100% guarantee , it is just mean , what in application info it written . most application works on tablet correctly , but some is stretched , else if tablet have needed hardware ( eg gsm/3g/lte ? etc ) .
adobe reader does not seem to have that feature . why not try ezpdf reader ? it supports whole word searches .
i see a discussion in androidforums stating that this behavior is a strange bug . it seems that few experienced this issue for whom the color changed after receiving an emergency message . they also say that deleting such messages restores the color . if you had received any such emergency message , can you please try to delete it ? out of curiosity and the attraction of bounty led me to search for this issue else where . i do not have an s3 or know anyone having s3 to confirm this .
it seems to be a bug concerning severe weather alerts . simply delete the culprit message , then force-stop the messaging app . everything should go back to normal . you may permanently disable the culprit messages from coming in by going to messaging> settings> emergency alerts and uncheck the boxes . as confirmed on : http://forums.androidcentral.com/sprint-galaxy-s-iii/192562-text-messages-all-changed-blue.html
there are some solutions available on the playstore . one of them is traccar ( the link belongs to the android client ) , which logs to a traccar server you can define . the server software is open source ( at least that is what the app description claims ) , so you can use it on your own server . written in java , it should run on most operating systems . for more details on this , you might want to check with the traccar website .
you could try removing the permission to change the wi-fi state with something like lbe privacy guard . there is also the possibility of using the method described in a similar question on here , this involves changing the . apk file and no root is needed . there is a few caveats though : biggest one is that when foursquare tries to use the removed the permission it may well break depending on how the developers coded it . lbe guard needs root , so you will need to have a rooted phone . there have been suggestions here and here lbe guard is not all it is cracked up to be ( buggy , hard to uninstall , might mine your data ? ) despite the high ratings in the marketplace .
you may have a bad sd card , try a new one ( they are cheap anyway ) . the md5 sums are generally computed after the backup has been done ( assuming everything went fine ) . i.e. the process up to cwm 5 . x is ( cwm 6 . x is different due to dedupcication ) : cwm generates a backup and stores it then md5sums of all of the above files are computed the md5sums are also stored in a single file the hard work is all done in ( 1 ) , steps 2/3 are just a single md5sum computation per file and a final store of those in another file . if the md5sums mismatch the backup files there must be a problem with your storage eventually ( most probably ) . what is also possible : do not rip out the battery and reboot , use cwm 's reboot option ( files may have not been written do disk fully yet ) .
here in india , we have philips branded wired handsfree kits which are designed to be used with all modern phones . certain phones require the jack to be plugged into a supplied female/male adapter which is then plugged into the 3.5mm jack of your phone . this is the one i am using with my spica ( the adapter also needs to be used ) after the samsung supplied ones conked out after a year of heavy duty use . ; - ) perhaps you could find something similar . . .
any 4-pin 3.5 mm stereo jack should work fine for straight sound but headsets with controls are a little more difficult . many are proprietary . if it claims to be universal it may work but if it is designed for apple or nokia it probably wont . basically , on a 4-pin jack it all depends on which ring the headset maps to which control . i could not find a droid x pinout diagram but i believe motorola uses the standard layout . this site has a pretty comprehensive list of the different pinout mappings and a lot of them are the same but a lot are proprietary . if in doubt , i would look for a set advertised to work with the droid x .
unfortunately , yes . for now , that is how google has created the maps application ; you cannot use maps ( or navigation ) without internet access . there are other apps that exist , though , that allow you to download maps for use offline . sygic and navfree , for example , both allow you to store maps on your device and then only require a gps fix to give you turn-by-turn directions . note you still need internet ( wifi or data network ) to download the maps the first time , but after that , you are free to shut data off .
internet access is needed for the routing calculation at the beginning . navigation using a precached area will work offline .
since the op 's question was dated back in mid-summer of 2012 , things have changed a bit with maps and has been updated since . in agreement with other answerer 's who have pointed out you can download the maps for offline usage , no calculation is needed , if using maps , what i found actually surprised me , the gps navigation still works even if off-line and not using any 3g/wifi either ! with the maps , hit menu , tap on make available offline , then you can pan and zoom in on the location of the map , to increase the size of the map for offline usage , it may be required to zoom out if you want a big area of maps coverage . then the download will happen ( wifi needed preferably as depending on the size of the offline map , it will take a while - not your conventional nippy download speed ) furthermore , if browsing on desktop pc , hit up on maps on the google site , and select your starting point and ending point as destination , if planning a journey , and save that as " my places " . with the maps app , it can sync up with " my places " and pull it down and be used with the off-line map ! that surprised me the gps navigation will actually show where you are and the route to take . caveat emptor : be sure to have plenty of battery juice as the gps is working 100% on it simply enable gps , all data switched off , and as its oft said - let 's hit the road jack and . . . profit ! \o/
you can use a different launcher , like adw launcher . free , and has that function . on the downside , it consumes a bit more of ram .
afaik , defaults on android is not preserved if apps that use the intent are changed . workaround : use intent to launch the application or its activity screen . intent is comparatively reliable though it may be changed when app is updated . take sending email as an example install intent intercept ( google play ) clear the defaults of email client choose " intent intercept " in share menu when sending email copy intent details of your desired application activity open tasker to " create task": misc > send intent edit the parameters ( usually fill in the action and extra is enough ) ref : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/intents.html p.s. some famous companies even provide you the intent details on their developer website , such as evernote .
please go into the settings menu of your phone , go into the tasker app option , and select clear defaults . then open an option that needs an app to do and select the default action . i hope that answers your question - it was hard to understand .
there are a bunch of apps available on the market . some examples include . . . bt controller : " bt controller allows you to use your android device as a gamepad controller for any other android device . " ( well , you already saw this ) bluetooth remote pc : " bluetooth remote pc is an app which allow you to remotely control your pc . get access to the computer and use your favourite programs from distance . you can control mouse , keyboard , multimedia , presentation or power system commands . " pc remote controller ( does not use bluetooth , but rather wifi ) bluecontrol looks like exactly matching your request : " blue control is a basic universal remote control for blue-tooth enabled serial devices such as blue tooth modules connected to a micro-controller . for each button pressed the corresponding ascii code for the label will be sent . for example pressing buttons a-h will send the charactes " a " - " h " . the up , down , left , right , and center buttons will send " u " , " d " , " l " , " r " , and " c " characters . hopefully this will inspire people to create alot of fun blue-tooth controlled devices . " a lot more remote-control apps can be found e.g. in this listing at androidpit ( google translated ) ( original link ) . though descriptions are in german , the general groupings and items should be recognizable ; )
there are questions on stackoverflow and serverfault regarding the same topic but for regular linux . some of them may apply , however they are not production ready and definitely need adjustment for android .
njoy is a very good app as well , it uses wifi but you can just use your own hotspot if you are not using wifi atm and turn off data if you do not want extra charges .
you have not mentioned which types of games you need this for but there are several possible options : gmote 2.0 , which is a client/server type system which would let you use your android tablet to control your computer . remotedroid , which is similar to gmote , it also uses a client/server system . gremotepro may be the right choice for you as it is but you need to pay for the server software . it is specifically advertised as being for game control .
yes you can with wand player , it is described as " a console right in your phone that lets you play games on any screen " . http://www.wanderplayer.com/ you can even email the developers with any questions you may have
you can try androg controller .
did you try aio remote ? it supports controlling pc , another android device . supports windows , linux , mac supports wifi , bluetooth supports custom remote design and share remotes with all users around the world . what do you need more than that ?
you can also try gestureworks gameplay . it is a fully-fledged utility for creating controller overlays on touchscreens , but they also have an android app that is free with the utility - it can use keyboard controls or xinput and is customizable so you can make whatever kind of gamepad you like .
welcome to ae , please ask your questions after searching through the internet . root rooting wont brick your device unless you did in a wrong away , keep the battery full ( greater than 75 ) install appropriate drivers make sure you use offical usb driver follow the procedure . kingo root as per documentation kingo android root has already rooted more than 100,000 devices，and we never met a bricking situation . refer this link .
i do not know if this is the reason for you , but i have seen the symptoms you describe caused by usb problems . there are two particular possible problems : the cable is loose , probably at the device end . then wiggling it slightly can cause a brief disconnection . you would not normally notice this , because it only lasts for a second , but it'll terminate an adb shell session , or if you are deploying an app onto the device when it happens , it'll interrupt the transfer . there is congestion on the usb bus . this can happen when several devices ( whether that is several android devices , or one android device and something else such as a usb stick or webcam ) are connected to the same hub . adb is not very resilient to bus congestion , so it can disconnect while you are doing a high-bandwidth operation , such as taking a screenshot or running an adb shell command with lots of output . sometimes this can cause a brief disconnection , but sometimes the protocol gets into a bad state , and you can only recover by physically unplugging the device and plugging it back in again . in either case , you can tell that this is happening because , even if the disconnection is momentary , the device shows the usb debugging notification again as if it had been fully unplugged .
google now , you can disable in the settings of the " search " app .
most updates will not erase your data . the kernel and /system partition can usually be updated without the filesystem needing to be wiped , so your data folders are not damaged . if the wifi network data is not erased , then your phone should connect to wifi after the upgrade , and you are good to go . i can not find any info on what happens when upgrading to rc33 , for example , but official updates usually do not wipe data . the update might also eliminate the no-sim-so-you-can not-do-anything problem .
thanks to @matthew read , the phone was updated . so , it happens that updating the firmware through the automatic updates popup does not erase the user data , which means that my wifi definitions remained in the phones memory , and it connected to the network automatically , as well as maintained the google registration information , once the update took place .
i ran a release under an emulator , and it struggled on my machine , as a guide , 2.3.1 is a tab slow on the emu but usable . honeyc is practically unusable on the emu , and seem to display many issues . this could all be down to the development stage of the code though
it is a short term fork to get ahead in the tablet market . there is a future release planned merging them back together into what is called the android icecream sandwitch . refer wikipedia - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android_(operating_system )
there is no reason to believe that honeycomb is just for tablets . it is been designed with large screens in mind , but on the developer side of the documentation there is clear indication that it is for all screen sizes : android 3.0 brings a new ui designed for tablets and other larger screen devices , but it also is fully compatible with applications developed for earlier versions of the platform , or for smaller screen sizes . source : http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-3.0-highlights.html#compatibility my emphasis .
it was mentioned on twig last week , and there is a handful of photos floating around the net , but when the recently released honeycomb source is put on a device with phone 's resolution/screensize it changes to a much more familiar and small screen friendly phone-style ui . see it in this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lmcbo7ukkw so it looks like honeycomb is the first version specifically designed with tablets in mind , but it still retains all of the phone friendly features and swaps between them depending on the settings/screen size .
yes , that is what it looks like . the ui does not seem like it will work on the smaller devices like phones . we will probably see 3.0 iterations for tablets and 2 . x / 4 . x for phones . i do not like that this is like a fork . hopefully they can merge it together for 3.1 and just have a different launcher for tablets .
i do not think a formal announcement has been made , but while google 's youtube video about honeycomb said it was " entirely for tablets " [ 1 ] , it has been confirmed multiple times that it is for other devices as well [ 2 ] .
i think the conventional wisdom is that honeycomb is a fork for tablets only but this post suggests otherwise . it says that in an interview with engadget , matias duarte claimed that honeycomb would be for all form factors .
i am not exactly sure what you mean by ' marked as spam ' since i can not see this option in either the facebook app or the facebook messenger app . i am assuming you mean you turned off notifications for her messages since you mention you want to get them back . i will explain how to turn them back on . facebook messenger open up the conversation with person press the ' i ' in the circle in the top right click on Notications and set to ' on ' . facebook app go to your messages and open up the conversation with the person . click on the gear icon in the top right in the Settings tab make sure ' alerts on ' is selected .
try auto memory manager and set your minfree values on the secondary server lower so it has lower chances killing off services . you can also increase the oom priority of the service to 0 ( lower values means less chance of being killed ) , also part of app .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
solutions ( though not the reason behind ) are explained e.g. on appslova . com . taking a look at them , those are more or less the " generic google play solutions": method 1 go to settings→apps , select “all” tab find google play store , open its entry , clear data and cache find google service framework , do the same now restart google play store and try to download/update the app or games method 2 open google play store go to settings→accounts , choose account or add new account now try to download or install the app or game method 3 go to settings→accounts→google , remove your gmail account from settings→apps→all : force stop , clear data and cache for google play store , google service framework and download manager ( like in method 1 ) again , go to settings→accounts→google , add your gmail account restart your android and then accept all the google terms and setup google settings run google play store and update or install your app . some more hints are to be found in google 's product " forum " . reasons here were e.g. storage full : clean up , delete stuff , try again , worked . find a bunch more hints , all on the first result page to a google search on " google-play error 498" : )
would not you have to chmod rwx-rx-rx ? ( ie : 755 , execute permissions for all users ) so that android can actually run the dspmanager apk/app ? or is this not the case on android ?
post #8 on this forum has a flashable dspmanager zip file that apparently the user reports worked with paranoid . if anything , you should also look into flashing beats audio which will give you just as good ( if not better ) equalizer settings .
well the answer seems to be to use weather underground 's ical subscription . it shows up and it gives you more complete weather info . only downside- it does not automatically pick up your location , it is hardcoded to a specific location .
having precisely the same issue on htc evo v virgin load and current updates also seems ""google contacts and events " works on neither calendar app or widget . and " google us holidays " works on both ( right now ? ) got the answer . i went to : home , menu , settings , apps , all apps , calendar storage . clear data in calendar storage . this should erase the exchange calendar from your phone . weather reappeared . but there is more . it quit again . seems to be some conflict between the exchange calendar and the pop calendar . deleted the . calendar memory and settings again , disabled the pop calendar , deleted and recreated the exchange calendar . now its stable .
there are a number of factors that determine if a video will play on android : it has to be the correct codec - see this list it has to either be small enough to download entirely before playing or be encoded in a form that allows streaming . chances are the problem you are seeing is that the codec the videos are encoded in is not supported , so yes , re-encoding with ffmpeg or mencoder or something similar into one of the supported video codecs may well work . to enable streaming , if you first encode it as an mp4 file then pass it through something like mp4box it will tag it for streaming so yuo can play longer video clips on android .
i just saw this article today and thought it would be helpful here . it lists 8 of the best video players for android according to makeuseof.com. liori 's answer is also a good one .
you can find a video player that uses ffmpeg itself to play on android . examples were given in answers to this question : state of vlc for android / media player that plays avi files
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
this issue is caused by the fact that the android chrome browser does not understand utf-8 encoding . i was utf-8 encoding the file names since the desktop version of chrome requires this . it turns out that file names do not need to be utf-8 encoded for non-ascii characters for the android chrome browser . i was able to successfully download a file using android chrome with korean characters in it without encoding it with utf-8 .
it is possible there may be a problem with the site itself , or the browser . what you can do is to rename the . bin file to the expected filename . e.g. if you downloaded music . mp3 and the browser renamed it to anotherfilename . bin , just rename it to music . mp3 using a file manager . you could also try other browsers . give dolphin , boat browser , or opera a try and see if you still encounter the same problem .
the fact that you see the device from your file explorer does not mean that is should work from adb . most phone support standard file transfer protocols such as mtp and/or mass storage . to use adb you need to install the usb driver that is associated to your device . for samsung devices you can search for downloads related to your particular device but i guess installing kies would also do it . then you need to enable usb debugging from the parameters -> development screen . after this is done you should see you device when running adb devices .
just in case you have not found the setting for this , i stumbled upon it tonight on my 4.2.1 phone . i would previously set it without realising ( only just made the move over to android ) and after removing my sd card the other day , i found after i re-inserted it into the phone it would only save to the internal flash memory . . . i could not for the life of me figure out what i would done ! finally figured it out:- go to the main android system settings menu and select storage . the very top option is to select the default write disk - set this to sd card and back out of the menus . job done . : ) cheers , nick
here 's how i did it : go into camera as if you were taking a picture go into settings ( gear ) on top left scroll down to storage change to memory card
long press the screen when in camera , this will popup a menu , within there u can select settings , and change storage to sdcard . you can also press the flashlight button on the right to get that menu .
try doing a hard reboot ( power off the phone and power it back on ) . i had this problem just two minutes ago and that seemed to resolve it . cheers !
if your device is android 4.0+ and rooted , try " greenify " which i developed . you can safely hibernate any app you do not want it to run stealthily ( thus eat your memory , battery and slow down your device ) when you are not actively using it , while still keep it fully functional when you explictly run it , either from launcher or by sharing anything with it . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenify
you can never " choose " per-se an app and dictate that the app will have that guaranteed amount of memory . sure , google maps consume space , but that is for the actual application , does not mean its hogging up memory , android is pretty smart when it comes to memory management . when you long press the home key , it shows the recent apps list , that does not mean they are all loaded at the same time . android keeps track of which activities was shown and if necessary load them again , and once the pressure of ram space hits a certain threshold , android will boot them out to make room for other apps . you cannot override android 's dictation of how and what application should be in ram , just by a user 's presumption that " this certain app should be there in memory and has guaranteed x amount of ram , because i want it to " android is not windows , where their task manager is available at all times via ctrl + alt + del and zap away processes to " free up memory " . . that mantra should be firmly repeated ad-nauseum ! : ) as ryan conrad 's statement in the comment , from the discussion arising out of the likes of ram boosters , task killers et al , this statement sums up exactly why the apps mentioned can have a negative effect on the battery , not to mention introducing instabilities into the system - it is cpu cycles that you should be more worried about than memory . word cpu cycles drains the battery regardless and as the commentator says free memory is wasted memory . let the os handle it . it is better at doing it . it knows what memory can be freed safely without causing additional strain and drain on the device simples really : )
you can try smart ram booster : most of android devices bundle with limited memory . android task manager will selectively kill low priority tasks in order to reserve memory to higher priority task . that’s not always run at an appropriate time , causing low responsive apps , lagging , especially when you launch a new app after heavily browsing web pages . it causes a worse experience . how ram booster works ram booster is designed to overcome these issues by selectively kill less important apps that are running in the background but consumes considerable device’s memory . ram booster comes with auto-boost in 4 levels : aggressive , strong , medium , gentle .
in android 4.1/4.2 etc etc its called " media storage " ( the one you clear the defaults of ) ya i did just actually go through the whole list and pick it out of all of them . . and omfg it worked . . hey , sorry im late , but , people seem to be clicking these defaults and not knowing how to clear them ( like me ) then they go and search for it and nobody knows . . im actually kind of thankful that it wasnt something more difficult to find , so . . there you go . . " media storage " on samsung galaxy s2 android 4.1
you can use handcent app as the default ringtone picker . to set handcent as default ringtone picker , go to settings | applications | manage applications | all | android system ( sound picker for se phones ) click ' clear defaults ' button . after this , when you are choosing a ringtone , you will be presented with a dialog box asking you to select one of the application as ringtone picker . enable the ' use by default for this action ' check-box and select handcent . this will set handcent as your default ringtone picker .
one workaround would be to temporarily install another app that has a ringtone picker in order to show the ringtone picker selection screen , select handcent , and remove the temporary app . for example , you can try zedge .
i saw a professional in china unlocking htc handsets via jtag . a side effect with the unlock was the s-on . the simlock is stored in the radio nvram , is not changeable , but they did the unlock by flashing a patched hboot with s-on and that will report a different simlock status ( my unlocked phone still says simlock in fastboot mode - another proof of that is that the fastboot mode now contains a chinese url )
the sim lock stuff is in a separate rom chip that is not part of the normal phone storage , afaik . it is manufacturer/device dependent . definitely nothing to do with the baseband ( and you can certainly flash other basebands ) .
somewhat depends on what your work email server looks like , but i have a gmail account , two hotmail accounts , and an ms exchange account on my droid and there is an option within each accounts settings to turn on/off " email notifications " and to choose which ringtone is used for that notification . so , by that token , you could have your gmail emails sound off with the default notification and have your work email play any crazy sound you like . does that help or am i misunderstanding your question ?
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
in the latest release of gmail you can long-press on the link and a menu will appear showing you the link . you then have options to " open in browser " , " copy link url " , and c .
the phone should automatically remember all previous connected wi-fi networks . please verify these steps : when you disconnect from the network and it is not within reach will it remain in the networks list ? when you connect to the network and tap the network is there a button that says " forget network " or alike ?
no . this listener has nothing to do with " listening " in the sound sense : it is listening for intent broadcasts , which are a kind of signal that different software components in the device use to notify each other of important events . for more explanation about broadcasts , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? if you want to solve the problem of not being able to record audio , i recommend you post a new question with full details about what steps you took , what happened , and how long this has been happening , along with what phone and os version you have . without any further details , my first guess would be that if the audio recorder app you are using stopped unexpectedly , it failed to properly release the mic for use by other apps . in this case restarting the device would fix the problem .
that device is partitioned very oddly . it looks like they took 4gb and left it to device storage , and then the other 12gb are partitioned for an internal sd card . that is about the correct size that the android system would be using - but what is troubling is that they only left ~1gb or so for user-installable applications . i doubt there are any roms or recoveries available for your device , so i think the best solution would be to move as many applications as you can over to your sd card , therefore freeing up space to download more ( and then subsequently move them as well ) .
well , there is not many option available for you , can either root your device and install some other custom rom over your device which may be less bulky , or you can try removing more application to free up some more space out of your device . now rest i will leave it to you !
your best solution would be to " root " your device ( see here if you do not know what rooting is ) . basically " rooting " your phone will give you permission to do anything on your phone . you might find it strange but currently , you are not allowed to do many things with your phone even if you own it : ) anyways , getting back to the point . you can do the following things to make life easier for you:- remove some of the pre-installed applications which you do not use:- after rooting , you will be able to remove pre-installed applications . remove all of them which you do not use . you can use titanium backup for this purpose . integrate update of pre-installed apps:- some of these pre-installed applications ( including google applications such as gmail , play store , chrome , etc . ) receive an update at a later point of time . when they get updated , their old version does not get removed . they are still taking up space . after rooting you will be able to integrate the update so that older copies get actually replaced by new versions . you can use same titanium backup for this also . move as many apps as possible to sd card:- after rooting , you will be able to move any application to sd card . again , titanium backup to your help .
as aleverett has stated , there is not a setting within the app to do this . though you could download the free app called app lock and set a password that way on whatever apps that you had like .
in general there really does not seem to be a good way to keep up with updates that have not been released directly to you . i find the best way is simply to be involved in the " android ecosystem " &mdash ; reading android blogs and news sites , and so on . sometimes there are stock rom lists maintained on sites like xda , for example this one for the i9001 , and you can monitor those . for actually acquiring roms , see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
appxplore might help you .
have a look at inspector . it lists the apk filenames ( e . g . /system/app/htccamera . apk , not the app name ) and the activities .
i have not tried it but it is probably possible to write an app to do this using the PackageManager and PackageInfo classes .
i found the solution : if you use two different servers for mail and tine20 , you need to use the mail address if you create the exchange connection on the android device . the automatic set up will fail , and in the advanced settings you can enter the name of the tine20 server . if you use the tine20 login on the first screen , the stock mail app will add a reply-to header to the tine20 server . and that is not valid , if you run two servers .
when you invoke the adb backup command , this is the screen popping up on your device : the button you would need to hit is " back up my data " . so after invoking the command , wait for 3 . . 5 seconds to be sure the screen is " loaded " , then hit the area on the lower-right where the button should be . the backup process then should start immediately . even if you see nothing happen , give it another 30s or so , then check ( from a different terminal/command shell ) ; you should see your backup file growing then .
yes , with firefox mobile . the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com can be installed directly in firefox mobile . if the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com do not cut it , shortmarks . com lets you make your own search plugins to save on your firefox install . this guide might help .
there are a number of apps that will either give you a wikipedia search widget on the home screen , or add wikipedia as an option to the built-in search widget 's drop-down selection . have a look at a few of these : https://market.android.com/search?q=wikipedia+search
this app cleaners a lot of the cache http://www.appbrain.com/app/android-assistant(14-features)/com.advancedprocessmanager# although does not automatically detected unneeded files it will let you delete them manually .
as far as i can tell , android does not keep around a lot of cached files for the os . your phone 's recovery mode should also have a " clear cache " option that would do the trick , and you can clear individual app caches from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications .
titanium backup has an option to look for dalvik-cache that is not needed , but only the paid version cleans it up . instead , you can use ghost-commander , in root mode go to /data/dalvik-cache , select remount command , and select and delete all you want in that directory , restart device and it will rebuild the cache , and use up less memory . for application cache and data , you can go to settings , applications , and sort by size to see what is taking the most space , clear its cache , uninstall , etc .
if you install eclipse with the android sdk there is a perspective called ddms that includes a file explorer . you can easily copy files from/to the device with this tool , which uses adb push/pull in background . another way is to simply unmount the sd card from the phone and use it as a mass storage . but in this mode you can access only the sd card and the debug mode must be disabled which can be annoying if you need the device to stay in debug mode for development .
you can get such an interface with emacs tramp and tramp-adb . el .
there is qtadb which uses adb . you can also install an ssh or ftp server on the phone and then use nautilus with ssh://ip-or-name-of-your-phone/ or ftp://ip-or-name-of-your-phone/ urls ( you can create bookmarks in nautilus ) . the cool thing about a standard ssh or ftp server on your phone is that you do not have to install anything special on the computer . i use quicksshd on the phone , but there are also other ssh servers available ( search the market , please ) . ftp servers i know are swiftp and ftpserver . i did not test these with nautilus yet , but they should work .
it is more or less a backup version of the gingerbread release for the nexus one . htc manufactured the nexus one , so they host a copy of the kernel , drivers , system images and so forth that are released for it , just like they do for the other phones they made . you can use it to flash back to a stock rom if you own a nexus one , but if you have a different htc phone it will not do you much good . you might be able to flash it , but it would most likely either not run properly or brick your phone . i certainly would not recommend it .
about the lagging : please update your software to the latest supported by samsung . after updating my samsung galaxy s to version 2.2.1 , my phone was much , much and i do mean much smoother than before .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
the lag issues are caused by samsung 's modifications to the offical android release , nothing to do with android itself or the capabilities of the phone . for reference , i have owned an sgs for 9 months now and have got it to the point of being basically perfect . the hardware capabilities of this phone are amazing . however , the default sgs software is without a doubt terrible . the above answer is very good at addressing your specific concerns , but my advice is to do away with the standard samsung rom and replace it with darky 's rom which has all of the above answers already implemented , as well as a host of other speed and usability improvements , including integrating a large part of the gingerbread ui which is very nice . version 9.5 would be my recommendation , which is based on the official froyo release and is proven to be very stable . i recommend you erase all caches and apps off your phone and start afresh - it helps avoid some minor niggles you can have with apps that were installed on a previous version . full and clear instructions are available in the forum section of the linked page . with this rom , i have no fcs and no lag at all , but some of the problems you mention ( eg - flac compatibility may fit into this category ) are app specific and can only be fixed with updated applications . bear in mind that the official gingerbread update should be released by samsung in the coming weeks , but based on their previous efforts im still likely to stick with the derived darky 's rom 10 . x when it comes out of beta .
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
i installed xprivacy on my rooted device and disallowed the app "10003 contacts " all privileges but some : contacts-> " contacts/contacts " contactsprovider2 android . intent . action . view that seems to be the only needed privileges
you can download picassa , for example , which only imports photos . i find it very convenient for importing , browsing and minor adjustments to photos .
just because google released a new version of android does not mean that samsung ( or any other manufacturer ) has implemented it for any or all of their devices or that your carrier has made it available ota . samsung does not appear to have made any announcement regarding if or when the stellar may receive an update to jb 4.2 . you may also wish to keep an eye on when will my device get the android 4.2 update ( jelly bean ) ?
it looks like this happens because my recovery ( safestrap 3.65 ) does not support " set_metadata " . . . i tried these gapps ( "they are compatible with recoveries not supporting set_metadata" ) and they were flashed correctly .
you can install/update the flashplayer from the market . just search for " flash player " and the one from adobe should show up first . to find out version go to : settings > applications > manage applications > all > adobe flash player . in there it should list the full version .
i use car mode ultra . it is highly customizable and more useful than the old car mode from google
there are 2 ways i have seen things that existed on the phone that did not have a application button , or shortcut . anycut ( or better cut ) anycut can make shortcut widget things for almost anything , all the normal things are already in it ( the apps you know ) . there is also this huge list of junk that is not easy to navigate , and sometines is very poorly marked like every settings item in existance . better cut attempts to assemble the data better in catagories , but not all items will exist in better cut . with anycut i have made direct buttons for deep settings items , and stuff i never even heard of . any cut might be useful for finding stuff , and setting it up with an icon to run . any good explorer , with the option to see hidden , even though without root you wont be doing much with it . duel file manager , astro , ghost commander , just about any of them except the built in file managers which are often more simple . with the explorers viewing and even searching for all items on the device , i found the jelly bean easter egg executable , and ran it , before ever knowing it was an easter egg . searching with a wildcard etc . most of these explorers have some way to run things that will run , or view . never know what you can find :- ) that is a few ways to look . i am runing testing now on the app called ultimate car dock , it is large button interface voice interaction , shorts contactcs and apps . read and replay to messages with voice it is " ok " so many others did not even get this far . 7day trial pay app . analisis of ucd , it works , it has to be task ended with its services set to task end to stop working , or be reset in settings . it was not so easy to get it to stop , which is both good and bad , good that a lot of programs fail over time , so this did not . needs more settings to reduce the interaction as the method is learned , eventually a person wants to tell it to shut-up and visually present less info . has the same fatal flaw with voice recognition that most everything else has , a " translate to text first " approach , then " programatically compare the stt text " that was poorly recognised . ( this method would work if there was a large " sounds like " compare for the limited choise triggers ) . other than that it was fully operational , very usable by clear speakers and tts knowlegable , very frustrating for mumbling non-tech people .
android 's lockscreen widget by design comes minimized , and you have to manually maximize it . there is no way to configure it otherwise . that said , some custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod , aokp ) offer the functionality to enable showing the expanded lockscreen widget when the screen is turned on : of course , you will need to unlock your phone 's bootloader and flash custom firmware in order to obtain this feature .
the official sony page says it has flash preinstalled ( look on the " in business " tab , " fast and full internet " section ) . the xperia mini pro meets the specs for adobe air , so i see no reason to believe you could not download air as well .
basically i had the same problem , and if you had an iphone spits on ground i would say yes ( you can set more than one smtp server up and if it fails on one it'll try on the other ) . . you can just get round it by turning off the phones wifi when you want to send an email ( at home ) emails can be sent over the phone network using their smtp server ( smtp . orange .netfor example ) but as soon as you hit your home network ( via wifi ) the orange out-going server will not work ( because it does not know who you are because you are going through your own isp ) , where as if you change your smtp server back to ntlworld it would work ( because you are using your home connection ) ( hope that made sence ? ) o2 solved this issue , because they had a user name and password for their smtp server , so even if you sent an email over wifi ( at home ) it could authenticate who you were and subsequently send it . i tried explaining this to orange . . . it fell on deaf ears
there are a number of apps that allow you to program-without-programming to set up conditions on your phone that trigger changes in settings and such . tasker is one a friend at work uses , and i know there was at least one other ( though i can not remember the name right now ) . i have never used them personally , so i do not know exactly what trigger conditions they have ( such as switching from a specific wifi network to another data connection ) . you may want to check those out though and see if they meet your needs . oh , another is locale , which looks ( according to appbrain ) to have a lot of plugins developed for it to add additional triggers and actions . . . you may even be able to get a plugin written for it to do what you want if there is not one .
they support authentication to use the mail server to send email - particularly since these days the service is run by google . this page covers the settings in detail , but the key points are : configure it to use authentication configure it to use ssl configure it to use port 465 for smtp if selecting ssl did not change it already
what you are talking about is called invideo programming . as a viewer , i do not think there is any way to remove this through the youtube app . the content creator has to disable this themselves . related topics : how to remove invideo programming from a single video ?
adb backup archives are a " all or nothing " solution when it comes to restore – which is what the " unsafe warning " is about . considering your circumstances , here are a few points to consider : do one " full backup " excluding your system apps cannot hurt , so you could restore that as-is . note , hoever , that this most likely also excludes data of system apps , which might include apns , contacts , calendars , etc . use e.g. helium backup ( no root required ) to create adb compatible backups of all your apps separately , so you can restore them separately . this can of course also be done on the command line ( specifying the package names ) , but this app makes it much more comfortable . create a full adb backup nevertheless , including everything ( except -shared , as data from your ( internal ) sdcard can be copied on file-level using any file manager ) . though you probably might not wish to directly restore it , you might still have use for it considering you are after rooting in the first place , here 's the background for my recommendations : if you succeed rooting your device , and have no side effects , all the above backups just gave you a " good feeling " , and you have no current need for them . but hey , it did not hurt ; could well be one of the following things happened : if you succeeded rooting , but had to factory-reset the device due to some side-effects , you could either use helium ( or adb restore ) to restore selected apps from their separate archives , or use adb restore to restore all of your user-space-apps in one run . but you could also use titanium backup to extract selected apps/data from the complete backup , and also restore some system data that way . if rooting failed , and you have to factory-reset your device , you at least can restore your user-space-apps and their data from that archive , or chose to only restore selected apps as described above . as for the size of 22 mb : that could be fine , or could be too small – depending on what apps you have installed , and how much data they have ; there are no absolutes for " user-apps-only " backups ( except of course for 0 byte files when you have at least 1 app installed ) .
you can try to use sony 's own update service . it is very easy to use , and you can chose the android version you wish to install if i am remembering it right .
here is a forum post , the op has a similar problem to the one you have : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2151177 he said that he just flashed his device with the stock firmware and it fixed the problem , so it is worth a try . here is the flash tool : http://androxyde.github.com 4.1 . b . 0.587 firmware ftf file : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=33295129
with lbe privacy guard you can block positioning permissions for certain apps . you can download it here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.lbe.security.lite it is important to note that lbe does require your phone to be rooted .
black/transparent , power off red , phone is trying to find a signal yellow , signal strength 0 ( min ) dirty yellow , signal strength 1 even more dirty yellow , signal strength 2 somewhat yellowish gray , signal strength 3 green , signal strength 4 ( max )
for easier reference : source : xda
i assume that you mean on the graph you get if you go to settings -> about phone -> battery use and tap the graph at the top ? i have a signal strength line there , under the battery level graph that has many colours in it that is labelled " phone signal " on my device . ( full size ) the reason it is there is that your signal strength can have a big effect on your battery life . if you have a good , strong signal from a nearby phone mast then your phone will run it is antenna in a low-power mode , whereas when it has a bad , weak signal it will turn up its transmitter into a full-power mode to help ensure that your communication gets out . as an extreme example i know that if i forget to switch my phone into airplane mode before putting it in the metal lockers at my sports centre , then i often come back to only a quarter or less of battery charge left . i can not find an official reference for what the colours mean , the feature was introduced in gingerbread but the official gingerbread manual barely mentions the graph and that screen beyond telling you that it exists ( p . 48 of the 2.3.4 manual linked ) , from personal experience i know that red is a bad/no signal , but other than green being a good signal , i do not know the significance of the other colours . some internet forum posters suggest these meanings for the signal strength graph , which seems to match up with what i see : red = no data signal ( or possibly no signal at all ) grey = no or minimal ( 2g/edge ) data connection olive green = 3g/4g connection with light data usage bright green = 3g/4g heavy data usage ( streaming media , etc ) yellow = no consensus on what this means , but it only seems to show up as a very narrow sliver , and generally only when the connection seems to be changing state ( eg from data network to wifi ) this seems to agree with what i see on my phone , that while wifi is on and connected to an access point ( so any data should be going through wifi and not the phone network ) i only have grey , olive or red in the signal strength , whilst when wifi is off i get the greens in addition . there is also the indicator in the android status bar that is normally green , but changes to yellow and then red when it is extremely low , the main battery usage graph follows these three colours with what looks like the same thresholds , but that one does not sound like what is confusing you .
i would not want to call motoblur or htc sense just " skins " -- they are not a suite of visual enhancements , but an entire app suite that sits on top of the os . they are full-fledged graphical user interfaces with additional custom apps , virtual keyboards , widgets , etc . so , as to the benefits ? i like sense - its my major ui on the incredible , but i have also used my wife 's aria . the sense ui is cleaner and smoother ( hardware speeds aside ) . the custom widgets are smoothly integrated and have more features . other than the htc mail and messaging apps having a possible memory leak issue [ i replaced their use with k9 and gmail , and handcent ] , i have been pleased with sense . a smooth , consistent user experience with the interface can make using it better . it is not the be-all end-all -- despite the recent ms winmo7 commercials -- but it is nice .
" vanilla " android devices ( like the n1 ) usually mean that you wait less time to get updates for the phone ( as it'll come straight from google ) . this is because it takes additional time for manufacturers to add in their tweaks and uis on top of the newer version of android . the second fastest to vanilla stock would be a custom rom like cyanogenmod which takes the changes that google pushes out into the android source and incorporates them into the mod to get the latest version of android on as many phones as possible .
i use teamviewer and love it . before teamviewer i used several of the pocket vnc versions you can find for android . some of those version have grayscale options . the drawback is you will have to forward a port on your router to get vnc to go through . the other option you may look at is if the program or programs you are looking to control have a web api you can hit rather then the whole pc . below are some links for the other programs to control your pc via android . edit : thought about it a little more and remembered you can use logmein hamachi and vnc . set up the logmein hamachi client on the pc you want to connect to , then you can vnc into the virtual ip the hamachi client provides . this will enable you to use the advanced display setting in some of the vnc clients . hamachi android remotes more remotes some more
are these markets safe ? they are getting access to some my credentials , they can distribute something on behalf of my name , like virus , or spam , etc . if they ask for permission to distribute your apps , then they are probably the least to worry about ; you can always verify that your apk is being distributed unmodified by verifying the apk 's signature with your public key . you can also publish your public key ( but keep your private key private ) so that people downloading from these alternative markets can verify for themselves that the apk came from you unmodified . would it be fair for google to host apps there ? i mean amazon is ok , that is fair competition , but i am afraid these " noname " alternative markets are somehow using unfair benefit of the work of other it would be just as fair as amazon ; in fact , it would generally be considered unfair monopoly if google started hunting down these alternative markets . in any case , the play market does not provide paid apps in china ( and many other countries ) , so it does not hurt their revenue stream .
i might not right at this time but you may use another home screen called "Launcher Pro" free version . in the setting there is an option to hide the system bar(Notification bar) . you can try it out if you like the home screen . though i like it better than stock home screen . hope it will some how help you .
it is not intended to hide the system bar ( combined soft button/notification bar ) on tablets . imagine the bar is hidden and the app you are currently using does not offer an option to exit . -> your are stuck within this app . some custom roms offer the option to hide the bar . general option would be to use some third-party-apps like hide bottom bar or full ! screen which can disable the bar somehow . unfortunately these apps require root .
the answer can be found on our sister site stackoverflow , with the question google play alpha app bm-pph-01 error : bm-pph-01 error message is usually shown when there is an incompatibility between any of the three app , google pay , device . the incompatibility can be the device 's location such as google play features not available when device is in china . an app can be restricted for downloading in us only . this would explain why " try later " might not work in your case : if it is either your device or location , and you did not change either of the two , the cause would have remained . for more details ( ans helpful links ) see " over there " .
you are going to need to install a sense-based rom . cyanogenmod is basically a customized build of the android open source project ( aosp ) code , which is released in source form by google . they use only open source components , and sense is a proprietary , closed source ui made by htc . installing a rom with sense is very easy , though . the procedure will be just like flashing cm - boot into recovery and flash a . zip file with the rom that you want ( alternatively , install via rom manager , whatever you prefer ) . there are custom sense roms as well as " stock " rooted roms floating around . the xda boards have a handful of each . you can find a rooted stock rom here , though , if you are looking to go back to the original system as provided by htc ( but retaining root ) . edit : i answered this under the assumption that you have no backups to work with , but if you used clockworkmod to create a backup of your system before installing cm7 ( which is highly advised for any future readers out there ! ) , you can restore that backup and . . . well , be back where you were on a stock rooted system . after all , that is the point of the backup !
too bad you can not ; the network specs are ; 2g : gsm 900 , gsm 1800 , that does not mean it has something to do with the software used or os , its network adapter can only support 2g network . that said , it does not mean you should not try some apps . here are some you can give a shot at ; 2g/3g , network conversion , network change . . . some may work and others may not . you could also get a 3g modem to work this out for you . some applications will show you that the network is changed to 3g , i would not buy that though . get some ways of testing your network speed after installing an app just to make sure . let me know when it works . glad to help .
according to the specs you linked , this tablet does not support 3g mobile networks , only gsm . to enable the mobile network features , you need to buy a 3g usb dongle and connect it to the tablet .
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
for ics and later : settings lock screen screen security owner info , here is where a note is entered this part is a bit confusing as there is no save etc , so just enter something , and back out , you will not lose what you typed , keep backing out until back on home screen . next time screen lock kicks in or press power button to lock it , a note will appear . but having said that , if the phone is lost , whoever will pick it up will more than likely ignore it !
set wi-fi sleep policy to " never " for android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later : 1 ) navigate to menu > settings > wifi and select the menu button again . 2 ) select options , advanced 3 ) set “keep wifi on during sleep” to “always”
i had a similar problem but on another device , though try if it can fix your problem this is the what i did : i opened the terminal emulator and typed : $ su # logcat  then i held ' volume down ' ( a . k.a. ctrl ) and ' c ' to stop the output . i scrolled a bit up in the output and found a line that said : ok , so this is where it is breaking . i was not really interested in finding out what should the proper combination of ownership/permissions for the file as i did not really trust it would end just here , downgrading database version offers a range of situations that can go wrong . and since i do not really care for my past alarm clock times , i got rid of the old database : # cd /data/data/com.android.deskclock/databases # mv alarms.db alarms.db.bak  otherwise at the time i looked out for this problem the only other solution i saw was to wipe and restore my phone . if you do so , do not forget to backup all your data first ! good luck , i hope it helped you or someone .
after db deletions , cache and dalvic cache clearing , Silent mode was the culprit .
make sure your phone is not on silent ! i had the same problem until i realized that i was using the profile silent and for some reason this did not allow me to set the alarm . after changing to default profile the problem was fixed .
so finally i was able to fix this weirdo . since this answer doesnt really tell what was causing this . i will remark any further answers if they can tell what was the problem i will just describe what i did . root your device install clean master give it the root access ( it will ask itself ) remove all bloatware run cleaning routines hope that it helped you
try to trigger it manually . root reqired : install betterbatterystats to view ' alarms ' , aka programmed low level device wakeups ( you can find a free . apk on xda here , search for ' attached ' http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1179809 ) . set your clock just before midnight and reset bbs ' logs . if you can trigger it , you should see which app has caused a wakeup in bbs ' log .
the gmail application speaks gmail 's own proprietary protocol back to the gmail server , whereas the email application speaks open protocols such as pop3 or imap , as well as supporting activesync . the email application also has somewhat better support for multiple accounts . if you are only using a single gmail account then it is better to use the gmail application , but if you are using multiple accounts , or non-gmail accounts , you will want to use email . personally , i use gmail for my gmail account ( which i only use for google-specific purposes ) and email for my imap .
the main difference that i can see is the type of accounts that are supported : the gmail app is limited to accounts from google : username@gmail.com read and respond to your conversations online and offline manage multiple accounts view and save attachments set up label notifications email app : username@your_domain.com the main feature is that it works with all email providers , but its a very basic app , you can send and receive emails , but no search capabilities present .
an alternative may be to use the officesuite app instead . it has a paid partner font app ( officesuite font package ) which includes arial and times new roman ; sadly , no helvetica .
i suggest lookout . i use it and it is quite good . it also has the virus scanner and backup of data .
you are stuck with this . this is the way clockworkmod recovery works . i did a search and the devs on xda say if you dont like it unroot your phone . it is indeed a nuisance since powered off chargin charges faster . though , oh well !
put your phone into airplane mode before going to sleep .
what are my options for recovery images ? is there anything besides clockworkmod or amon ra ? a third popular option is teamwin recovery project , usually referred to as twrp . if i go with either one , how do i get it installed ? since your bootloader is unlocked , you can use fastboot to install a recovery if you download it in . img format . you do this by downloading the recovery image to your computer , plugging in your phone , and executing : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  from a pc command prompt while your device is booted into fastboot mode . alternatively , clockworkmod and twrp can both be installed from apps on rooted devices . for clockworkmod you can use rom manager and select the " flash clockworkmod recovery " menu option . twrp can be installed using goomanager by selecting the " install openrecoveryscript " option in the app 's settings menu . a third option is to get a copy of the recovery you want in a bootloader-flashable zip file . for the evo it will be a file named pc36img . zip . you put it on the root of your phone 's sd card and then reboot into your bootloader and it should flash it for you . i know that amon ra has been distributed in this format , but i am not sure about the others .
not sure which rom you are looking for - but have you checked out the available roms on xda developers ? also suggest you check out this guide at modaco for how to flash/unbrick your phone .
many ( maybe most ) phones do not actually have a gps receiver built in , rather using cellphone towers and triangulation to calculate their position . wifi has nothing to do with either by the way , it is completely separate . other phones do have gps built in but will use it only when no cellphone reception is available , as gps tends to use a lot more battery power ( many will also turn it off when the cellphone functionality is turned off because that is usually understood to be done where active antennae are not allowed ( like in aircraft and many hospitals ) and/or to preserve battery power .
i had this issue - it is not that a fix does not come , it is just that it is taking a very long time to get a fix . this is due to the lack of the downloaded agps data - it can not download the data , and so has to rely on solely gps satellited , which takes ages . if you have been disconnected from the internet for a while , then you will suffer from these effects . agps data is cached for a few days , or when you change location , so if you just disconnected , gps should work for a while afterwards . ( you should also check to make sure that the google system is enabled for location use )
yes , gps location is binded with the gps chipset . you can get co-ordinates from gps and store it while offline . you can than view it in maps application when you get online .
the reason it does not work is a gps has to be paired with a map to work . cell phones download chunks of map data based on your location and pairs it with map data . without map data it is simply longitude and latitude data . to make it work with a nexus you have to have map data stored to work outside of of wi-fi range . if the app does not load at least 2gb of data you are probably put of luck .
i am aware of an option in developers settings which limit the amount of background processes . is this option set to anything besides standard limit ? aside from an app killer application i can think of nothing else except crazy oom settings .
did you download wireless tether from the market or from http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ ? if you are running android 2.1 you need to take the extra steps listed here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/wiki/setup_htc_desire_incredible if you are running 2.2 then in theory it should just work . i would first try the latest release candidate here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail ? name=wireless_tether_2_0_5-rc2 . apk and can=2 and q= let me know how it works out .
have you set the default action for youtube links to the browser ? you may need to reset it ( settings --> applications --> manage applications --> app --> " clear defaults" ) so that you can choose the youtube app when wanting to view a youtube video .
if you download dolphin browser , add the desktop toggles add-on you should be able to view it as a normal webpage ( make sure to enable desktop toggles and delete the " m . " in the url ) that would solve the problem on your phone , as regards using it as a hotspot , i assume you tried deleting the " m . " in the url ? i think its the browser version youtube looks at when deciding what version of the site to serve so i dont know why it would serve the mobile version on your pc
now , the only option you have : flash rom over usb using odin ( if you have windows pc ) . you can find firmware files for your device on internet ( look xda forum ) .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
you can bypass the sim card requirement by playing with the boot options : load boot menu by holding the volume down button while starting the phone . press the volume down button until the option " boot android ( no bp ) " appears at the top of the screen . press the volume up button to select this option . on load , the phone will bypass the no sim card screen next , you can either register for a motoblur account or skip it by entering the following keys into the virtual keyboard ( press and hold the menu key to bring up the keyboard ) : ? 123 alt abc e ? 123 alt abc e b l u r o f f luckily , this process only needs to be performed once . it looks like the phone remembers this boot option for next time : ) thanks to xda for the motoblur bypass steps !
when you go in to accounts and sync . it is going to show which account is currently syncing . then from there , you can go in to the account and you will see what type of sync is happening . it will show , for example , that " reader " is syncing . so google reader is the app that is syncing . or it will show " gmail " is syncing . those would be the apps that are syncing . i do not think just any app can trigger a sync for some other app . like reader should not be able to trigger a sync for picasa images . but really , even if they can trigger other apps to sync , it is still the original app that is performing the sync . only the twitter app is going to sync " twitter data and contacts " , and only the gmail app is going to sync your gmail .
by workspace you mean homescreen ? you could try a custom launcher , like apex or nova , which allow you to backup your homescreens .
you can backup app and data of the native twlauncher app using titanium backup . see , e.g. , discussions here and here .
some options : try hitting menu -> refresh in gmail , there should be a notification prompting you to re-enter the password . if it is in the notification bar , pull it down and click it . clear the cache and data for all google apps on your phone : gmail , gmail storage , google framework services , talk , accounts , play store , etc . via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . if your phone lets you , go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and remove and re-add the account .
if you use google apps for business and your services were part of the big migration fiasco then you might have found yourself in the same situation i was in . after changing my google account password i somehow had a google apps account with my new password , and an old personal account with the same username , but old password . if you can log into gmail using your old password , but are then prompted to rename your personal account or migrate services then this has probably happened to you . i would already migrated stuff previously , but i had not renamed my old account . i thought it would have died by now . i logged into my old account using current user name and old password . when prompted to rename my old account i did so . the next time my phone tried to log in the username old password combo was no longer hooked up to an old account and it asked me to enter a new password .
i think that cwm is not able to detect sd-ext because it is not mounted as"/sd-ext " but instead as "/data/sd-ext " by link2sd . but i do not know in detail abot android working i cant fix it .
a possible solution is described e.g. in this modaco forum thread . in case of that user , the sd-ext partition got corrupted as it was mounted wrongly by the android system ( he used gparted to create his partitions which , regardless of the filesystem created ( ext2/3/4 , fat32 ) , then were mounted as ext4 ) . so what he basically did : he factory reset the phone , deleted the partitions on sdcard , recreated them on phone ( i.e. . not with the card mounted to any pc , but directly on the phone , using cwms options as far as i understood ) . i did not try that solution myself , as i am not affected by the problem .
my suspicion that rom manager does not support sd-ext backup is quite confirmed with my experience . while looking for alternatives , i understood that there are these three recoveries available : clockwork mod recovery ( cwm ) amon ra recovery teamwin recovery ( twrp ) i tried the twrp 2.2.2.1 from its xda thread and i am glad to inform that it did back up my ext3 partition . other than this benefit , i have a touch interface which is much easier in par with cmw 's user interface .
looked at it further . see if these instructions are clearer : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1981107
exchange server/ domain administrator needs to make a change to your active directory account by opening aduc , selecting view , advanced features , double clicking your account 's property , and going to security . from there select exchange servers and click on the advanced button . check the include inheritable permissions from this object 's parent and click ok a couple of times . after that , the phone should start syncing .
based on what i have read so far , this may be a bluetooth issue . some people have fixed the issue by : using only 1 bt device . if you have connected both a bt keyboard and bt mouse , disable one of them . disabling wi-fi . having both wi-fi and bt seems to trigger a repeating key issue . using external keyboard helper pro . it has a do not repeat option . link to app . at the end of the thread , it mentions that bt was re-engineered in android 4.2 . so if you upgrade to 4.2 , that should fix the issues you are having .
the galaxy s plus ( i9001 ) needs an external power source to have a working usb otg . see this link on xda for more information ( it is for the i9000 , but does also apply ) . according to gsmarena 's spec ( usb : yes , microusb v2.0 ) the i9001 firmware does not originally support usb-otg ( compare the s3 's spec , but 3rd party firmware added this later on . it does however not function without external 5v power .
the gmail app now does notifications based on “labels” instead of having global notification settings . that way you can have different settings per label . so , if you go to the inbox label ( i think ) , you can set the sound there…
there are only two of them . simplecinema ( by developerrevolution ) : it works with both quicktime-variant chapters and nero-variant chapters . the former is more popular . it is a small player that just does one thing . lvoe media : if you are not sign language user , you probably will find its sign-language-optimized interface a bit weird , but i have tested that it can do quicktime variant chapters , nero-variant i did not test against this player . chapters in video files is a good feature , unfortunately most people do not know it exists .
had this just now with a ' fake ' ap set up on a monitor mode interface with airbase-ng , could not figure out why with either dhcp or static ip there was 90% packet loss ( with tiny bursts of connectivity loosely connected to screen wake up ) . . . rebooting phone and reseting wifi of little help . --then , after hours of fiddling , i swapped the rt2870/rt3070 usb wireless dongle against a rtl8187 one that was also lying around . bo0m problem fixed , no more packet loss , with or without screen turned on , what the heck . reporting with sk17i xperia mini pro on android 4.0.4 ( build 4.1 . b . 0.431 ) .
i have been having problems similar to nommik 's with my samsung gio s5665 . it would connect perfectly to the wi-fi at the office , but at home : connects with excellent to good signal strength , but pinging the router produces no response usually ; occasional random bursts of return packets for 4 to 10 seconds ; disabling and reenabling wifi on my phone results in 100% packet return for about 60-180 seconds , then back to occasional bursts . all other devices including other phones connect to the home wi-fi correctly . what i tried : changing protection on router from wpa/wpa2 to wpa only , wpa2 only , wep only , none . no difference . encryption from tkip to aes : no difference changing channels , sideband , power , beacon rate , in short , everything changeable : no difference or worse . on the phone : changing ip address to static . no difference . solution : flashing the router worked . i am so happy now ! this has taken weeks to sort out .
have you scanned the wlan frequencies to see how strong is your own ap in relation to the other ones ? i used android program called wifi analyzer that does that ; it shows you visible aps and their channels , and how badly their signal leaks into other channels . you can also see signal strength of you ap from that . the mobile phone often has a lot crappier wifi antenna than laptop , just because it needs to be smaller and lighter . also , the orientation of the device varies more . if you problem is signal strength , or other networks overlapping yours , changing channels or installing better antenna can help a lot . in this case i direct you to look at a sister site . and , to me your setup sounds pretty geek-normal ! i , too , use a linux home server as ap , with pci-e and usb wifi adapters and hostapd .
eduardo you are right , there is already a way to do this with the standard messaging app . you have to disable the " group messaging " setting in the messaging app . not sure if this setting is available on all versions of android but i have v4.4.2
sms and mms are 1 to 1 messages . doing what you want it is standard . just send the message using the standard sms client . it is lets you send to multiple recipients , but it sends a individual message to each .
as long as you log in to the new device with the same google account that you use on the incredible you will have access to all the apps that you purchased / downloaded . you will not have to purchase them again . the android market is tied to your google account , not the device .
no im sorry , but chrome for android needs hardware acceleration , so until google change that ( i dont think thats gonna happen sorry ) you can not do that . but maybe in the future . sorry , i know it was not the answer you really wants to hear . . .
yes you can lagfix without rooting by flashing a kernel like voodoo through odin . but this will void your warranty anyways . if it helps , the sgs phones are very easy to unroot and revert to stock to hide what you did .
there is no real solution -- but depending on how much this annoys you , a work-around is available : install appbrain app market . you can think of this app as an " alternate frontend " to the google playstore ( and yes , it is no stand-alone market , as all updates/installs are re-routed to the playstore-app ) . log-in to the appbrain website with your browser and your google-account to initialize your account with appbrain now login with the appbrain app you installed , and synchronize your installed apps . appbrain now shows you available updates to your apps . you can run them in a batch , or one by one , or can decide one by one whether you want to skip just this update , or skip this ( and all future ) updates to this app -- so it will not annoy you with updates you are not interested in . start the playstore app again , go to your apps list , open the settings , disable all update checks , updates , etc . , and close it again . now the original playstore will not ever notify you about any update whatsoever . instead , you use the appbrain app for updates . when looking for some new app , you can chose to use either of them . you might also decide to install the appbrain ad detector along , and then probably will use the appbrain app only -- as it helps you avoiding apps with excessive ads .
no . as reported and commented on by various users , there is no exfat support built in to android , so the nexus s will not read the disk .
i was able to use a samsung driver . go to device manager , find the android device , and select update driver software . select browse my computer for driver software select let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer select adb interface from the list select samsung android adb interface ( this is a signed driver ) . if you get a warning , select yes to continue . done ! for good measure , i ran adb kill-server and adb start-server . then when i ran adb devices i finally saw a device listed so i fired up intellij and all is good in the world again !
menu > settings> apps> running application> find xperia keyboard > settings ( xperia keyboard ) > text input settings> my words , . . choose the word you want to delete or edit , , . . thats the step that i learned so far , . , hope helps . .
do not wipe everything . it is possible to delete individual words . i have the experia t , i and have just done this : open a text click to reply so the keyboard pops up press the 12 ! ? button down-left corner go across to the right , and click on the spanner icon go in to my words hold your finger down on a word , and down the right of the screen will pop up a box next to each word ticking the boxes of the ones you do not want hit delete , and they all magically disappear .
goto settings> applications> ( select all ) > goto user dictionary/message extention/ anything having dictionary or with the envelop logo . go there and press clear data . and u r done
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
i had a similar issue when trying to run cm9 and cm10.1 on my sensation xl . to bypass the cache issue , i added this line to my build . prop file : dalvik.vm.dexopt-data-only=1 
some htc devices that are unlocked using htc-dev ( rather than actually gaining s-off ) required to manually flash the boot . img that you extract from the rom 's zip using fastboot . fastboot flash boot "c:\location\to\boot.img" 
i have just published an app for automatic photo upload to google drive with lots of convenient options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mynextandroid.drivephotosync it is free so give it a try ! brs
i use sweet home ! free app to upload photo 's and video 's from my android devices over wifi at home to my nas google drive folder . ( this is fast 300mbit/s ) . then the google drive tool on my nas ( which has windows os ) uploads the pictures and videos to google drive to be able to share and have an extra cloud backup . google+ app comes in to easy watch and browse through the pictures . so i do not use the upload function in google+ , because i can not find an easy way to sync the photos localy after that and uploading right from the mobile device to internet is always slower than locally to the nas . florisz
use dropbox . its app has " camera upload " functionality . and you get free space for uploading photos .
i was seeking an answer for about 2 hours , finally i found the correct answer on google picasa sync with google+
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
yes you will be able to remove the sd card as mathew said in his answer . first you need to unmount sd card from settings and then remove the sd card . in this case no need to remove the battery or sim card . but there are some things that you need to take care of . 1 . if you have moved any of the applications to sd card then you cannot access them without sd card . 2 . make sure that you are not accessing any of the applications that are installed on sd card . after removing the sd card you can see a status message saying " sd card removed " in the notification bar of the phone . you might need to restart your phone after inserting the same sd card back to the phone . some of the applications might not work . i am sure this happens on 2.1 eclair devices .
you should first dismount the card . you can do this via Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage -&gt; Unmount SD card . you can certainly corrupt data and cause application crashes if you do not do this first .
you can use nova launcher . in nova settings , Desktop &gt; Lock Desktop .
it would seem as the only solution is to install adw launcher , as suggested in the other question . and no , you do not need root to install adw launcher . if you do decide to change launcher to adw launcher , here 's a link on how to lock the screen on the complete guide to adw . launcher
i believe this is not specifically to do with your sd card . did you have songs in a play list ? i find my music is fine unless i add it to a play list , if i do tracks get deleted .
that sounds like a bad sd card . insist doing that over and over again , with sound files and movie files as well .
i changed my mind to use gravity screen - on/off . this app turns automatically your screen off when you put your phone into your pocket or onto a table and turn the screen on when you take it out or up . no need to touch any button and you are ready to go .
clockworkmod is a custom recovery , so the device is probably root ed . a 128 mb sdcard is as good as no sdcard at all , and probably cannot even hold a single image to flash . you might want to check for a bigger one , everything below 4 gb makes not much sense ( make sure to buy nothing below class-4 , class-6 is better , class-10 not really necessary ) . after that , check on cyanogenmod . com for your device , and follow instructions there . before doing so , however : have you tried to boot the device normally ( just using the power button ) ? it might even boot up normally . if not , you can execute the wipe data/factory reset item in the last screenshot , followed by reboot system now and see if that helps . if not , see above : )
i ended up looking at cyanongenmod 's source code and figured out how they did it . here is my working . sh script : echo 'boot-recovery ' &gt; /cache/recovery/command echo '--update_package=/sdcard/update.zip' &gt;&gt; /cache/recovery/command reboot recovery 
compared to my first answer , there is another ( simpler ) solution that also worked for me : use the mylocalaccount app to create a local account . you can then easily sync your contacts with your pc using myphoneexplorer .
since ics , google stopped allowing you to store contacts locally . some manufacturers add this manually to their own rom 's . you now have to sync it to a type of account .
if you are rooted use titanium backup pro and freeze " google contact sync " . it'll be in red text but do not worry about that , freeze it anyway . now if you go to whatsapp , for example , and add a contact it'll give you a message about adding an account , click " keep local " . you are done , keeping the contact local will be the default option now . to reverse the process for whatever reason , just defrost the app from titanium backup pro .
you can use local calendar from the android foss repository http://f-droid.org/ i am using it without any problems on my phone .
one solution that worked for me is the following : host your own instance of owncloud , then sync your contacts via the carddav app . ( btw : if you want to sync your calendars as well , i suggest you use icalsync2 ) for another ( simpler ) solution see my second answer .
disable the google contacts sync app ( Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; GoogleContactsSyncAdapter -> disable ) and reboot , then try adding a contact again . if this does not help and you have rooted your android then you can delete /system/app/GoogleContactsSyncAdapter.apk with a file browser ( but take a backup first ! ) . either way , next time you create a contact you should be informed that the contact will be stored locally . as far as i can tell this will not break anything else . however , if you also use another account with sync function like microsoft exchange ( for hotmail ) , you will have to remove that one too . ( in case of microsoft exchange , it is best to remove the entire account , because just disabling the app prevents you from receiving emails anyway . source
there may be a better work-around for this problem , but i just tried this : make sure you have all your contacts on a safe place outside your phone . create another ( than your current ) google-account , e.g. Locale.Phonebook@gmail.com . add it to your phone . make it the one that it used for new contacts by default . delete the account on google again . if you had not had any contacts in your normal google account you are done . just make sure that your syncing software uses the correct ( new ) account . if you had contacts in your normal account , you will have to transfer them from the normal google-account to the special new account somehow . i used the software my phone explorer ( mpe ) to do it , but it is tricky . first you need to set the folder/account used sync the contacts in the mpe-client on the phone to the one still containing the contacts . then sync . this will get the contacts over to the pc . on the pc copy all the contacts to clipboard . also make a backup with mpe . then delete all contacts on the pc ( select one , then press ctrl-a to select all , then delete ) . then sync . this will delete the contacts from the ( normal ) google-account . now change the folder/account used to sync the contacts in the mpe-client on the phone to the new one . also change the folder/account where new contacts go into ( to the new account ) . on the pc paste all contacts again into the application . then sync again . this will create the contacts in the new account . now your contacts are stored in a google-account ( which keeps your ics/jelly bean phone happy ) , but you are certain that the contacts cannot be accidentally synced with google ( which hopefully keeps you happy ) . why do they make us doing such things ? i think who wants to keep his data private should be able to do so without using tricks . is someone out there able to program a new content-provider for contacts using a local store ? btw : mpe is still able to store the contacts on the phone locally the way it worked before ics when you sync with your pc . however the problem is , that on the phone you cannot add a new contact to this local store , it is just not being displayed when your are asked where to store the new contact . pitfall : occasionally you will see a message , that there is a login-problem with the deleted account . instead of being angry about that , you can be happy because it shows you that you just have successfully prevented data-leakage from your phone to google ; - )
the permissions manager feature of android is not complete yet and strictly speaking it should not be accessible . in 4.4.2 google have removed the method that apps such as app ops and app ops 4.3 / 4.4 kitkat used . as far as i know there is currently no way to access this any more . you will have to wait for google to finish implementing it and provide a built-in method to access , or wait for someone to find another way to access it . quote from color tiger the developer of one of the apps on androidpolice : still not working , but here 's a quick update : see line 309 - those are the allowed fragments that can be shown . appops was in that commit 3 days ago ( line 329 ) , but in the 4.2.2 build that is being sent out that line is removed ( we have decompiled the settings . apk ) . we are looking for a possible different entry point ( another activity to accept commands to load the appopssummary fragment ) , but it does not look good . update : apparently google uses app ops as an internal testing and debugging tool – it was never designed to be seen by end users , which is why it was not given a spot in the system settings , or even the developer options . source
as a can see it has a rockchip cpu , you try root it with vroot http://www.mgyun.com/en/getvroot . rockchip sells the majority of it chips to chinese oems that is why its very likely that vroot will do the job . please try it and reply back : )
you can use apps like exif tag editor ( photo ) and pixelgarde to view/edit exif data of your images . both apps has the ability to batch-process the images . if you are looking for a way to automatically add information ( particularly the camera model as in your question ) , you cannot do anything rather than waiting for an update from your device manufacturer . this is because embedding that information is configured the the rom itself .
some device manufacturers dont use /graphics/fb0 to access camera due to different camera drivers . my help to you is going on a native ndk application to do that . look in here http://javacv.googlecode.com or https://code.google.com/p/spydroid-ipcamera/ . regards
you can simply flash win odin gt-i9100 firmware . firmwares you can get from sammobile odin you can get from http://web.djodjo.org/?a=download:android:tools:win:bootloadertools get odin307 you can also check this tutorial for flashing with odin .
ok the problem was simple and stupid . supersu had denied link2sd its root access permanently , i must have clicked on denied once . . . enabled root access for link2sd and everything was working fine .
workaround : create a filter that applies a label ( e . g . zz_all ) to all emails you receive . also apply this filter to all pre-existing emails and you have a label you can sync .
it appears it is just not possible to sync messages without any label whatsoever , even in android 4 . *
create a new filter f.e. " all " and every mail what goes out or comes in get this lable . use it for every existing mail and here you go . change settings on your android device ! dirty variant . . .
give this a go : try to stay away from magnetic fields as far as you can open gps essentials and tap on compass ( calibration will not work when the compass is not showing ) put the phone on a flat surface with the display pointing up move the phone slowly , 5 seconds per full rotation is ok rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing upward rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing away from you rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing right the direction of rotation does not matter this should fix your problem . credit to lepidas on xda
how about using widgets ? probably cheaper and would let you control all the functionality on the device itself , without any external hacks . for volume control , you might be able to do with a widget similar to volume control widget and for the power menu try an app like button savior or shutdown menu 2.1 ( both power menu apps require root access i believe ) edit : just realized that you might have issues waking up the device once the screen turns off . found wave to unlock after a few minutes of googling . it uses the proximity sensor to unlock the device . this might do the trick .
app purchases are not bound to devices , but to the google account they have been purchased with . so as long as you use the same google account on the devices , there should be no limit afaik .
it is completely depends upon applications but in most of the cases it is not restricted on devices or mail account , as spb launcher etc track your registration so you can not use those app , but angry birds , etc you can use . . . . it is depends upon app to app
there is no limit . from google support : downloading previously purchased and downloaded apps when you download a paid or free app on google play , the app is connected to your google account , meaning that you get several benefits : if you get a new device , remove an app to free up space , or reset your device , you can reinstall the app without purchasing it again . if you have multiple devices , you can install the app on all of your devices without purchasing the app again . you can quickly find free or paid apps that you previously downloaded .
it turned out that mount is not actually supplied by busybox , but by toolbox . with this knowledge , it was easy to track down the cause of the bug : unlike busybox , since i do not have another " toolbox " implementation with a correctly working mount command , it is likely that the behavior would've been easy to see from the code . in fact the problem is here at line 330 : it checks if type == NULL , but then outputs an USAGE that erroneously shows -t as optional compare with busybox at line 1930 : // Loop through filesystem types until mount succeeds
i have found a solution for the following problem : -the nexus 7 2013 device must never be turned off unless it has an insufficient amount of battery -when the nexus 7 2013 device is exposed to an inductive charge , it should turn on automatically in order to apply this change to my device , i activated the bootloader and ran a simple batch file with the following script : fastboot oem unlock fastboot oem off-mode-charge 0 fastboot oem lock fastboot reboot  this line : fastboot oem off-mode-charge 0  sets the device to turn on whenever there is enough charge remaining that is sufficient to power up the device . if the device is drained completely of battery , then charged via conduction to or above a level of sufficient battery for rebooting , it will not reboot unless it is then either the charger is removed and re-applied or if the power button is pressed . this means that if a device is charged from 0% battery to 100% battery and removed from the charger , it can remain turned off for shipment until it arrives at its destination , in which it can be touched to an inductive charger and instantly turned on with no power button interaction whatsoever . this may be a specific usage that will not help others the way it helped me , but if it helps others in any way i would rather put it out there than keep it to myself .
hold the Pwr &amp; Vol- 60 seconds . release , press and hold power button for up to 10 seconds . release . if this does not work , it is fairly easy to remove the back cover and detatch the battery .
the solution is to buy a galaxy tab . my nexus is dead . asus not even accepts it to make a diagnostic . the " global " warranty is not valid in brazil . by a better quality product from a company that respect their users .
i had the same problem with my s4 . whenever the phone goes off and i try to turn it back on the annoying ' warning ' custom os comes on and i could not turn my phone on . i read a few articles and discovered that it has to do with your volume button . i dropped my phone a few days ago and read that if the volume button is stuck that this happens . so i went to the kitchen and go a sharp knife , put the blade to the side of the volume button and pulled it up on both ends , to my amazement , the phone turned on ! ! ! ( make sure its plugged in because whilst that warning is on the phone does not charge ) now i have to go and get my volume button looked at because it is a stuck volume key that causes this . it must be a secret sequence that the phone companies use to change an os . i also read that knox program can cause it , nevertheless , the volume button release worked . hope that helps .
" services " does not mean what you think it means . a service is an app component that can run in the background . for example , an email app might have a service that is started every 15 minutes to check for new email ( and stops itself when it completes ) . this means it is background apps that stop , not things like the wi-fi and mobile data . app developers are encouraged to check for the low battery condition and stop battery-draining activities . this broadcast also triggers the " low battery " dialog , so it is easy to tell at what level it fires . it can be changed by the device manufacturer ( since android is open-source ) , but it is usually set to trigger at 15% .
slashgear has an article with a set of pictures showing the internals of the archos 7 , slashgear : archos 7 home tablet clears fcc picture 6 on this page has the wifi module and antenna labelled , unfortunately as i do not have one i can not quite work out the orientation of the parts in that picture as to how they relate to the full device , you might be able to . there are also a number of videos on youtube and elsewhere on the web of it being taken to pieces by owners where you can see the internals , search for something like " archos 7 disassembled " to find them .
some android phones , like the nexus one , have special contacts that tell the os when the phone has been docked . the desire actually does not have these so can not automatically detect that it has been docked . car home can still be launched manually . another option is to look at an app like tasker . you could configure car home to be launched when certain conditions are met , like the phone is on charge and in a vertical position ( so docked ) . there are many other ways you could use tasker for this .
typically , the phone knows whether it has been docked by the placement of a magnet on a certain area on the back of the phone . you can therefore create your own cheap dock using a magnet and some sort of stand . here is an example with the droid .
this xda post describes how to change the key remapping . however , as the file ( s ) are in the /system folder , i believe one needs the device to be rooted . you need to edit the files english . us . kl and qwerty . kl found in /system/usr/keylayout folder . open each of the 2 files and replace : " key 115 volume_up " with " key 115 dpad_up " " key 114 volume_down " with " key 114 dpad_down " save the files and restart on my galaxy s2 , i only found the qwerty . kl file . have not touched it as i am not brave enough . :- ) do report back if this works and of course , make a complete backup of your device before you attempt this .
to my knowledge , there is no way to do this system-wide without heavily modifying the rom , or at least system files . especially if buttonremapper doesnt show your volume keys as programmable buttons , then it will not be easy . some apps will , however , let you customise their behaviour . for example , i know browsers such as dolphin and miren as well as google reader can change the volume button 's behaviour .
you had most definatly require root access for that . then flash a rom which supports volume key scrolling .
you can get pre-alpha builds of vlc that i have had little issue with playing just about any video format . as i said though , it is pre-alpha . i have tried many other apps , and most worked fairly well , but i also stream a lot of videos over my network after mounting shares to my device and none really worked with the mounted shares . vlc works fine with them .
i first used diceplayer trial to verify it worked properly , and the bought the full version , and 720p material works well on my galaxy tab 10.1 . give it a try : )
since i put icecream sandwitch ( ics ) in the adam the mx player definitely works best for me . it decodes most things i encoded with handbreak in h/w-mode -- the things it can not , i am not sure why . but even some 720p/h264 stuff i could not play before are now running smoothly .
might be some interoperability issue with particular hotspot . if it is a dhcp time out you can try assigning a manual ip address to the particular network . or if it is rooted device you can try below command inside adb shell . dhcpcd wlan0 
you can use the autostarts app ( requires root ) to modify which apps can listen in to particular events . in your case , you had remove the media player apps from listening to the event ( s ) triggered by plugging in the audio cable .
i had some problems with music apps autostarting on my droid . see my answer here on how i handled it .
text to speech - voice to text is an app that can do so : just talk , it will type for you , an animation will speak for you and send message to your friends , it lets you convert text to voice using the text-to-speech engine on your smartphone .
log data can not be faked without root and doing that would be a painful waste of time . all phones pre 4.1 that app can access a list of everything the phone has been doing ( after you install 4.1 it can only access what it has been doing itself ) . you will have to trust the maker of the game to not use any logs maliciously currently or you can try and use this http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1923576 . i would recommend trusting the app or uninstalling it . if you still want to play the game and be sure no one is getting your logs , you can play in aeroplane mode and then uninstall the app before you take it off aeroplane mode .
summing up from the comments on the question itself , so it does not " get lost": as ce4 pointed out : the READ_LOGS permission requested by the app grants it access to the system logs , which might include sensitive information logged by other apps ( also system apps ) . however note , that this specific problem has been adressed by google with jelly bean onwards ( apps can only read their very own logs , and not everything in the log since then ) . so the READ_LOGS permission on android 4.1+ is safe . you can install the app without fear on jelly bean devices ( but not ics and below ) . pdroid if one has cyanogenmod ( or a compatible rom ) installed , there is the option to use pdroid in one of its incarnations . visit the xda-developers for information on . . . the openpdroid autopatcher , working on linux , macosx , and meanwhile also windows . with this tool you can patch a rom image so it will contain the pdroid functionality . the openpdroid project . this thread gives you detailed information on what openpdroid is , what it does , what features it includes , and more . pdroid 2.0 , which now also offers support for stock roms . tons of screenshots there , for sure an interesting read ! still , pdroid is nothing for android newbies to install -- it is not like just picking an .apk and go . all pdroid incarnations require you to patch an existing rom image file , which you then must flash to your device . so no easy-go . lbe lbe privacy guard , on the other hand , can just be installed straight from the playstore if you run android 4.0 or below . there are issues with jellybean like e.g. boot-loops , so do not install the playstore version on jellybean devices ! at least not if it was not updated may 2013 or later . you have been warned ! for jellybean users , again xda is a good source : some busy members took care to translate the chinese lbe安全大师 ( lbe security master ) to different languages . the thread can be found here , and this version does not boot-loop jellybean . xprivacy xprivacy is pretty new in this area ( i just discovered it recently , after i wrote this answer -- so i felt the need to update it ) . as with the other mentioned solutions , it requires a rooted device . in order to install the app , you also need a custom recovery such as e.g. clockworkmod or twrp . xprivacy is based on the xposed-framework , so you will need that as well . requiring android 4.1 or higher , this seems a nice option for those having used lbe privacy guard before , and do not want to use the overloaded lbe security master on jellybean . from its behavior it is comparable to lbe : on a per-app basis , permissions can be set separately . in most cases , if you " revoke " a permission , " fake data " will be served instead -- with two exceptions , where this seems not to be possible ( internet and external storage ) . more details can be found on the project page . cyanogenmod , paranoid android , and co . with privacy guard cm 10.1 nightlies and onwards of cyanogenmod as well as paranoid android already ship with a privacy guard , which lets you define what apps should be placed into " incognito mode " . while that is better than nothing , it is just an on/off switch : either the app is put into " incognito " , or it is not . no selective withdrawal of permissions here . android 4.3+ app-ops with android 4.3 , google finally introduced a kind of " permission manager " . in 4.3 , it is still hidden , but can easily be made available : app-ops allow you a fine grained control over your privacy , almost similar to what pdroid , lbe , and xprivacy provide . but just almost : not all permissions can be revoked here ( e . g . network/internet access cannot ) .
not a real solution as to the underlying problem -- but a possible work-around involving tasker ( or a similar automation app which could do the same ) : condition : on startup if wi-fi on task : wi-fi off wait 15 sec wi-fi on this at least should save you from having to do it manually everytime .
is strange , i also go the same problem . but then , i used titanium backup to move the default launcher from a system app to user app . only after that , i am able to set other launcher as default .
i am having the same issue likewise on nexus 4 and on nexus 7 ( 2012 ) , with android 4.3 and persistent after updating to android 4.4 . as i do not have rooted devices , the only ' solution ' i have seen was deinstalling the nova launcher . nova launcher was the only alternative launcher i have had installed and with only the default launcher left , the dialog is gone . a pity , though , as nova enhances the user experience considerably .
it is still unclear what is causing this to happen and i have found only one other mention of the problem so far . in the end i simply disabled the stock launcher by freezing it using titanium backup and also disabled all other custom launchers . soon as only one launcher is available , the dialog goes away . more of a workaround then a solution , so if anyone has an idea how to continue debugging , then i am open to any suggestion .
you could also check just that does much more than changing volume , plus it has an easy to use interface .
a free alternative to tasker and locale is automateit from muzikant .
i would suggest you try llama . why because its free and its awesome . it can not only handle ring volume but wifi , mobile data , run apps and many more . the best thing is it works with cell mesh , so you do not have to keep gps on .
i would recommend checking out locale , it is meant for this kind of automation . or tasker could work too , and it has a 7-day free trial on the manufacturer 's page .
just as izzy suggested , i would recommend going to the play store . here is what i found : dns server thats really the only one available through the google play store . i have not downloaded it for myself so i am not vouching for it , but it might be worth a try .
the android keyboard does not have directional keys ; you need a keyboard that has them . your fascinate should have both the samsung keyboard and the swype keyboard , which do have arrow keys . press and hold the 123 button ( samsung ) or swipe from the swype key to the sym key ( swype ) .
btep has a " using better terminal emulator pro " page on their wiki which explains most of the special shortcuts and keys . the basic breakdown of what you are looking for is : for directional input : either use a keyboard that supports this or use btep 's virtual direction pad feature . you can access it by tapping the screen when the keyboard is visible , long-pressing the screen when it is not , or pressing the search button . the cursor should change to a &gt; character to indicate you are in vdp mode , and you can swipe your directional input ( i.e. . swipe up for the up key ) . for esc : this is usually mapped by default to the volume up key , but you can remap it to any of the available programmable shortcut keys . you can also press the search button then press [ , since search is mapped to the control character on devices that lack a trackball or dpad ( as well as activating vdp mode ) and ^[ ( ctrl- [ ) is the esc character .
hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code.google.com/p/hackerskeyboard/
you might need to remove the lock screen widget app from Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Location &amp; security -&gt; Select device administrators screen before trying to uninstall it .
i think i found a way to do that : decompressing launcher2 . apk ( trebuchet launcher app ) i found an interesting file named default_workspace . xml under /res/xml folder of the app . with all the necessary to place widgets and icons on different workspaces and xy position . hope it helps
if you get nova launcher ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.launcherhl=en ) you can backup and restore from the settings menu . use this with dropbox and you have got an easy end to end solution
you have several options that have varying degrees of difficulty and effectiveness ( depending on what you are ultimately trying to do of course ) : develop your own custom rom that only includes only the apps and functions that you want . root the device , and then remove system apps that you do not want . for an unrooted device , you can download one of the numerous apps that hide and lock apps like ilock . i suppose this would be useful theoretically if you had a device that wanted to implement in a business where you were letting your customers or sales people use if for a very specific function and did not want them messing around with anything beyond that . i had a 4th option to share but i forgot it as i was typing the other three . i will update as soon as i remember it .
you can modify system image . pre-installed applications are located at /system/app/ folder . you can add new application to this folder or remove pre-existing applications from that folder . applications from this folder are not removable ( if device is not rooted ) . as a fast example for customizing android emulator : go to android sdk folder , . . . /platforms/android-9/images/ note system . img file , it will be modified ( you should back it up ) extract system . img using unyaffs customize files inside extracted folder pack new modified system using mkyaffs2image ( this tool is built when android source is built ) . replace old system . img with new customized system . img create emulator for android 2.3 , launch it and verify that your changes took effect . this mostly an overview of process , and customization of a real device is much trickier .
unfortunately , it seems like the htc aria does have that ability , but at and t has removed it .
you can install apps on the htc aria using the adb client . you will need to install the android sdk on your pc , and then use adb to install the . apk files . to install the android sdk , follow the steps in the android developer 's guide to setting up your phone for development . if you are on windows , you will need to go to htc to get the device drivers , as google only provides drivers for their devices . for some reason htc does not publicise the adb driver well , but it is included in the htc sync software . you can grab the latest version from htc 's aria downloads page . mac and linux users do not need to install device drivers to use adb . finally , connect your device to your pc , making sure that debugging mode is enabled on the device . you should see an entry in the system tray stating that the device is in debug mode . on your pc , run the following command : adb install yourapp.apk  this will install the app on your phone , and you will be good to go ! note that you will either need to have the android-sdk/platform-tools directory in your path , or run the command from that directory .
you could try the instructions in this xda post . be aware that doing this will disable your ability to send/receive mms messages , and will require a hard reset to fix : go to your " settings " go to " applications " go to " manage applications " go to the " all " tab ( or any tab that will display all your apps ) find the applications " customization settings provider " click on " clear data " go back to " all " tab ( or any tab that will display all your applications ) find the program " settings " click on " clear data " finished if you go back to " applications " you will now have the option to enable " unknown sources "
i know this is a really old ( and probably no longer relevant ) post , but as i have an htc aria and i shared the same issue , i thought it was worth posting another option . i would suggest checking out a program called superoneclick . with it , i was able to permanently enable my aria to install non-market apps . it will also allow for the installation of the amazon market . all of this without having to root your phone or do anything to void the warranty ( at least to my knowledge ) . it was very easy to use .
it is impossible to root out touchwiz without modifying the samsung source code to remove and replace it ; it is heavily embedded in the os . this would be a massive effort and i do not believe anyone 's done it . the only alternative is a rom built from stock in the first place , such as cyanogen as ryan mentioned .
if your device is a popular device then chances are you will be having updates at least once a month . you can use goomanager app to update your custom rom goomanager app link . goomanager automatically checks your custom rom and search for updates . this app is a front-end for the android file hosting site , goo . im . it allows for downloads of roms , google apps packages , kernels , apps , and any other file available via the website . update notifcations are available for roms and google apps packages . please note that notifications are not via gcm ( push messages ) but run at start-up , and every 2-24 hours ( configurable in-app ) .
just so that i can play a little with gimp : here 's the photo with the light sensor marked .
it is hard to see it in normal light , you may need to take your phone under a very bright light to be able to see it ( e . g bulb light or straight sunlight ) . it looks like a darker and smaller front face camera . if gsmarena has said that it has light sensors , then in my experience , its near 100% correct . btw , if you can not bring light sensor to work , there is a free software called lux auto brightness which does the job very nice and has many options .
the sensor is like a small dot , usually located on the left of the htc logo , above your device 's screen . also the location of the proximity sensor is . fyi : htc one models s , x , v , evo 4g lte are very much alike in physical conception . this is covered at xda developers forum thread : where is the one x 's ambient light sensor ? by tiersten : left of the htc logo above the screen . it is also where the proximity sensor is . by jaaystott : if you call someone , take a look at the front of your phone . you will see a steady red glow from the top left of your screen , this is where the proximity and ambient light sensor are housed . additionally , there is this white paper : ambient light sensor ( als ) applications in portable electronics that shows their physical aspect :
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
at least on the samsung galaxy s2 , this can be done as follows : go to settings → language → keyboard → samsung keypad , click the setting button next to the samsung keypad → advanced , make sure " key tap " and " vibrate " are both off .
this is for the the acer android tablet : go to the keyboard and press and hold the key with the microphone icon and the input options menu should pop up , you then have access to android keyboard settings . . . uncheck the typing sound box and there you go . . . simples .
this is for the samsung galaxy mega , go to settings then my device then language and input then look for " keyboards and input methods " . just above " swipe tap " is " samsung keyboard and to the right of it is the setting icon press . press icon then uncheck " keyboard sound "
go to settings > language and keyboard > android keyboard and make sure " sound on keypress " is unchecked .
from your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language and Keyboard . from here select the keyboard you are using . in the next page of settings , you should see something like Audio feedback for swype , or Sound on keypress for flext9 . you can modify Vibrate on keypress there too if you wish .
its system volume set to 0 no more typing sound
go to : settings -> sound and display -> system volume and set that down to 0 . . . . . that is it you wont hear another sound while typing
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
this is battery stamina mode . with sony’s power management setting called battery stamina mode , you can extend the standby time of your xperia™ device by more than four times . with battery stamina mode turned on , the background activities of most applications are reduced when you turn off the screen .
thanks to t0mm13m 's comments : the keyword is nitz - that is where it comes from . certain roms fail to handle it , others do . if it fails , can always fallback on a ntp app like clocksync ( this requires root btw ) : )
buy a samsung s3 - it alarm app has a built in widget function that allows you to set a widget , and then assign the alarm you want to it . its a 2 block widget and you can toggle it on and off , plus it provides details about the alarm . perhaps you could see on xda if someone could pull the app for you and then you could try running it on ics . i am surprised there is not another app out there that is similar .
i just can add to this , that vml is supported only by microsoft products ( and they will support svg in ie9 ) , and as you know there is no microsoft internet explorer ( or any microsoft browser ) for android : ) vml is still supported in internet explorer 9 but microsoft expects web sites to transition to svg in near future .
currently , i have only seen two browsers on the android platform that display svg . the opera mini browser displays static svg . it seems to run scripting for a very short period of time , but does not run it continuously . it also does not appear to run smil animations . the fennec ( firefox mobile ) beta browser also displays static svg , as well as running scripting . it is still in beta and relatively huge . it does not run all of my example scripts successfully , but it does run some . i can not test smil animations , because i removed it to free up a large amount of space on my phone .
the problem could be your proximity sensor , which is located on top of the front of your phone . basically the way it works is if you are on a call and you put your phone to your ear , the screen will go out to avoid your ear messing with the touch screen . if you are under warranty , have it checked on your nearest service center . i had this problem once , told my service center that i think the proximity sensor is the problem , then they fixed it in under 30 minutes . check out this question and install the apps from the top answer and see for yourself : how do i test that proximity sensor on galaxy nexus works as expected
i do not know whether it will work for your device , but the xdas have a tool supposed to work with several lg devices at least . you can find it in here , and it looks like this : you might want to browse through the linked thread at xdas . as far as i remember , there were some people trying it on other devices , and had success . no guarantees , however : )
seems as if google is evil¹ and removed that option from jelly bean to enforce their drm schemes² . i found however a tool which restores it : automated framework kit ¹like we didn’t already know that . ²i have no idea what was the rationale behind it , but remember it’s the company which has a mail service that’s immensely popular despite not properly working with any major mail client .
i had a rom that failed to vibrate certain " very short duration vibrations " ( or those of low strength vibrations ) . i am not sure if its just a hardware limitation of my phone or the rom in particular , but you could try an app like handcent for now and play around the vibration settings in there . handcent sms allows you to fine tune the vibrations , adjust the intervals between each vibrations in milliseconds etc . .
there is a workaround here that might work for you : vibrate still not working for sms/mms notification
do check the battery settings or profile settings as you might have selected the profile while is restricting the vibration notifications . if still dosen't work it maybe due to some hardware fault ( assuming you have already checked the above settings ) but i would recommend flashing the rom to customer cm7 roms and then check if you still have the same issue . p.s. you could try using the hardware reset method also .
in order to save apps ' data you have two options : if your phone is rooted , use the famous app titanium backup ; if your phone is not rooted , use helium with a windows pc .
easiest way is via whatsapp or any other social networking sites which can send video .
i finally found the solution . yes adb of beaglebone is rooted but there is not a su binary . so i was not able to execute this code within my app : process proc = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su mount -t vfat -o rw /dev/block/sd* /storage/usb1" ) ; but i finally find a program to root beaglebone black and install a valid su binary . you can download it here : http://www.unlockroot.com/unlockroot.html but be careful ! it installs bunch of unwanted programs to your computer too . once you install the program , connect your beaglebone via usb . first you need to unroot beaglebone . so open the program , you downloaded , and click unroot . it will take a couple of minutes . then restart your beaglebone and click root from program . then restart your beaglebone again . and voila :d you have 100% rooted beaglebone with a valid su binary . you can mount and unmount usb storages and copy files within your application . but you should do it like that :
galaxy s duos was released with the ics onboard and there is no gingerbread available for this model . you should not use a firmware designed for other devices from the galaxy family - this is an easy way to brick you phone . " getting prepared " instruction is irrelevant .
getting prepared the firmware downgrade drill for the samsung galaxy devices is not much complicated as compared to the phones manufactured by other brands . it requires you to boot the device first into download/odin mode , and then into android recovery mode . i hope many of you would be acquainted with both the methods . even if you are not , it doesn’t matter . download the downgrade firmware for your samsung galaxy device and extract it on your computer . a good source to download samsung firmwares is samsung-updates . type your device name in the search box at the sidebar , you would find it hopefully . if you do not get it , let me know ( your device and country ) . to find out the correct firmware you can use csc codes . download and install samsung usb drivers on your computer . skip this step if you already have it . download odin firmware flasher and unzip it ( if you get any error with odin3 1.85 , try the greater version ) : odin3_v1.85 . zip or odin3_v3.04 . zip since the downgrading procedure will delete all data stored on the internal sd card of your galaxy device it will be better to backup your messages , contacts and installed apps . charge your device’s battery to the full make sure that you have turned on usb debugging from Settings =&gt; Developer Options . installing the downgrade firmware installing a firmware version that is lower than the current one is just the same as installing a higher one , but you have to one more thing that you do not usually do . i assume that you have already done as described above , so let’s go ahead . turn off your samsung galaxy device whether it a phone or tablet and boot into download/odin mode . if it is a phone , you can enter the download mode doing this : press and hold the Volume Down+Home buttons together and then long press the Power button till the screen turns up . now press the Volume Up key to enter the download mode . in case you have a galaxy tab device , do this : press and hold the Volume Up+Power buttons together , and then press the Volume Up key when prompted . now go to the odin folder and run the . exe file there . this is the time , you have to connect you device to the computer using a compatible usb cable . when the connection between the device and computer is established , the id:com port at odin will turn to yellow or light blue ( depending on the odin version you are using ) and you’ll see added ! ! text in the message box below . make sure that only f . reset time option is checked on odin . the auto reboot option is checked by default , so please uncheck it . okay , now click on the pda button on odin and select the firmware file in tar . md5 format . now click the start button on odin . this will initiate the firmware installation . wait till it finishes . finally when you get a pass ! ! message on odin , remove the usb cable from your device . now open the back panel of your device and pull out the battery . wait for about 60 seconds and reinsert the battery back to its place . now reboot your phone into android recovery mode . if you have a smartphone , you can do it this way : press and hold the Volume Up+Home buttons together and then hold the power button till the screen turns up and the samsung logo blinks for two times . release the Power button but keep the other two keys pressed till you see a black screen with green android bot and blue text . in case you got a galaxy tab or note 10.1 , press and hold the Volume Down+Power keys together for a few seconds till you see the yellow triangle with android bot followed by a black screen with blue text . in the recovery mode you will have to use the Volume Up/Volume Down keys to scroll up or down , and the Power button to select an option . so , scroll down to wipe data/factory reset option and select yes to confirm your choice . now go to wipe cache partition and confirm the choice . finally , go to the reboot system now option and select it . your device will boot now and it might take a longer time than it does usually . when it completely boots up , it should be on the downgraded firmware you installed . cheers ! please do this at your own risk . more details on this method can be found here .
there are several adb guis available which might help you out . all of them have in common that you can browse the android device 's directory tree using a graphical frontend , and also execute " stuff " from a command-line interface ( "console" ) . they might offer additional features as well : android commander root optional ( and only needed for applications manager and flashing options ) , windows only . offers an adb shell ( console ) and a graphical file manager . adb browser a gui based file and application browser , windows and linux qtadb seems to require root and busybox . multi-platform , multi-purpose gui , including shell ( console ) , file browser , app manager , system info , and much more .
what are you putting in for the package name that it does not like ? beginner mode vs non-beginner mode should not matter . package name has to have at least one . in it to be valid . usually you can just use your email backwards along with a unique name for the app . say your email is someone@gmail . com and you are trying to export an app you want to call myapp . the package name could be com . gmail . someone . myapp .
it is caused by smart app protector . just open the smart app icon . then , go to settings and uncheck the observer .
it is caused by the app smart app protector that maybe you installed and activated an option called observer . just check the observer and watch who wanted to enter your apps . good luck .
this is a common outcome for many possible problems . if you can get in to clockworkmod ( or whatever custom recovery ) try reflashing cm9 . if that does not work try doing a factory reset from recovery ( clear data/factory reset ) and then reflashing cm9 . on the international sgs you always had to flash cm-roms twice ( on first flash it sets up the partitions and on the second flash it finaly flashes the rom ) . if you still can not boot , flash a stock rom with odin ( i think it is odin you use for flashing stock roms , since it is samsung device , if not use whatever is recomended on xda-developers under topic named something like " restoring a stock rom" ) , and check that it boots that . after that install root , recovery and cm as before . if you still can not get it to boot after that , let us know .
i am guessing here , because you are missing some crucial information in your question , but . . . the clock has been completely redesigned in android 4.4 . here 's a comparison i found on in a post on android police . you will not be able to change it on the stock clock . however , you can easily find yourself an alternate clock in the play store . ( here 's just two i found : jelly bean clock and clock jb . there are dozens of others . )
cover is designed for this . it is a lock screen replacement app whose main feature is : the right apps at the right time : whether you are at home , work or in your car , cover learns which apps you use and puts them at your fingertips . basically , it has a column of app shortcuts along the left side of the lock screen , which it dynamically changes to the apps you use mot often depending on your location and the time of day . although this is not quite the auto-homescreen layout you may have been looking for specifically , cover 's idea is that you should not even need to get to your homescreen ; it lets you launch your most frequently used apps directly from the lock screen instead .
determine which apps i use most frequently and place them on my home screen automatically . there is smart widget .
the nexus 10 has a-gps , so it can speed up the time to the first fix , either via gsm ( if it has one ) or via network from an assistance server . see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assisted_gps
the nexus 10 has agps and also a hardware gps built in .
yes , you can turn off " wi-fi and mobile network location " from settings , which disables a-gps features leaving you with plain , unassisted gps . you can read more from google nexus 10 help : manage location access
i believe nexus 10 has gps hardware which can provide location information without any aid from gsm or wi-fi sources - same as my nexus 7 wi-fi only model . i have used my nexus 7 on road ( without any data connection ) and used is gps capabilities . i am just wondering how a did you get this suspicion when the specification clearly says about availability of the gps ?
running flappy bird with no network results in heaps of these app_process instances running . each uses about 7mb of ram and they do not go away . using " os monitor " i have never seen app_process instances except for this . however , killall app_process rebooted the phone so clearly there are other instances running , probably with changed identities . os monitor sees these , as does ps on my phone so for me , seeing app_process is never good . i would guess something has failed to start or failed to cleanup when exiting .
i had a similar problem before . in my case , the culprit was one or more background services . deleting google goggles solved it for a while , then it came back . this time , i removed trust go . so far , so good . whether or not you have those specific apps , i would say there is a fair possibility that one of them is the problem . i tracked it down by going to settings > developer options and checking the box to overlay the processes on the screen . this is important because the act of using another app to check on what is happening can itself change things . i saw that even though a system process was eating all the cpu , trust go was frequently in the top five . removing it seemed to cure it for me
what you are looking for is called " permission manager " . while android itself does not ( yet ? ) provide such itself , there are several of them available , my list holds some of them . there are different approaches . while some simply " deny access " ( which might cause an app to crash , if the dev did not take " revoked"/"not granted " permissions into account , and did not place an exception handler for those cases ) , the majority rather replaces " real data " by " fake ones " . examples : network access : " we are currently offline " contacts , calendar : " the user has none " ( empty list ) imei : "0123456789" ( sometimes a total random number on each call , but other times a random imei is generated after each boot ) location : " not available " ( location services deactivated ) or " fake location " ( e . g . north pole ; some apps even allow to set your desired " fake location " and simulate movement in a specified radius ) a selection of popular " permission managers " includes : pdroid/openpdroid : effective , but hard to install . both require root and deodex ed rom , afaik openpdroid is even limited to cyanogenmod lbe privacy guard : proprietary solution made in china , which might raise some eyebrows . works great up to android 4.0 ; do not install with higher versions as it will only stick your device in a boot-loop then . root required . lbe security manager : successor of privacy guard , works with all current android versions . playstore version is in chinese only ; patched versions are available at xda for other languages . some feel this one a little overloaded , as it wants to be an all-in-one security suite covering a lot of stuff not everybody needs . root required . xprivacy : a module to the xposed framework . gives very granular control , but other than lbe you cannot configure it to " ask everytime " whether access should be allowed ( a feature i love about lbe ) . root required . app ops : with 4.3-jelly-bean , android had some permission management integrated but hidden from the user . there are several " app ops " front-ends available , not all of them require root . not all of them keep working with 4.4-kitkat , though , where this feature was " better protected " . not that granular , but much better than nothing if your device is not rooted . above mentioned list holds several more , but these are the best known . i personally use lbe privacy guard on my devices running 4.0 or lower . no app ever crashed on me for " disabled permissions " , so lbe imho uses the " fake permissions " approach . same afaik applies to the other solutions i have mentioned here .
the best option ( albeit a rather pricey one ) appears to be the icontrolpad . it was originally designed for use with an iphone but now uses bluetooth to communicate with all bluetooth-enabled devices . it sounds like developers plan on supporting it , but i am not sure how well it will work with current games . edit : i recently became aware of another bluetooth gamepad that caters specifically to smartphones . it is called the bluetooth game gripper . there is an andoinica article about it here , and the kickstarter project is here . however , it does not appear that the maker has garnered enough vc to get the project off the ground , so i am not sure of the current status .
the fact that the " connected " message only appeared sometimes and that lsusb was unable to detect the nexus casted a doubt on the cable . i just tested with another cable and it works . my other cable seems to have a damaged connector .
when i switched over to android i started looking for a three button headset compatible with my phone . i found that there are a couple of brands that do earphones for android but you usually have to use an app to set the functions for button controls . i love good sound in my ears and probably use my earphones 2-5 hours per day . i have tested a couple , i find many of the earphones lack durability and break quite easily . some recommendations below , all with three button control : nocs ns200 - good sounding earphones . comfortable . lacking mids and bass is too impendent . however they broke . three button function works well with button control app . bose mie2i - nice earphones is you are not into in-ear heaphones . comfortable and good sounding . i think they are slightly overpriced . . klipsch s4a ii- really well made earphones . good sound and well balanced . button control work well with app . degauss dual driver , the best pair of earphones i have owned so far . they sound like the equivalent to a couple of shure earphones for 290eur , but only cost 110eur . the button control works well . i downloaded degauss app . i have been using them for a couple of months . i found them in a store in sweden . think you can buy them from degauss labs website . would like to try sabotage royale as well . . maybe this post helps . . .
i use an android specified headset with 3-button for my nexus . works brilliant . not only does it deliver 3-button action , but also very good sound and a really hard hitting bass . anyone enjoying rock or electronica will not stop listening ; - ) the headset is specifically made for android 's lower voltage spec from google and will not work on an iphone ( the way i like it ) . 3-button android spec headset with flat cable sabotage royale from degauss labs webpage : http://www.degausslabs.com edit : 3-button headsets . i hope anyone reading this debate understands there are android hardware spec headsets and iphone hardware spec headsets . they dont change in hardware or technical specifications just because you start using some software app . . ( just make them more programmable ) . so if you are an android user you should use a 3-button android spec headset . a 3-button iphone headset will not work 100% ( up down buttons etc ) and most likely the mic dont do the proper job making whom you speak to hear you bad or " from far away " or " talking in a coke-can " . there are 100 times more iphone spec headset out there , dont ask me why .
summary from my comments , as requested , as an answer : there are plenty of other headset controller apps on the playstore if you are worried about the permissions . i tried jays once , but it only worked partially ( in 9 out of 10 tries , i had no luck to adjust the volume -- instead , other actions were triggered , as e.g. pause/play ) . having a philips headset , i tried philips headset -- and am quite satisfied : volume control , play/pause/skip , accept/refuse/hangup call , all possible smoothly . most of the headset control apps want to make calls . as my device is rooted , i control such things with the lbe app : neither jays nor philips headset abused this privilege . most headset control apps seem to work with most headsets , more or less . as my example with jays and a philips headset shows , some features might not be available/working . but you cannot break anything trying . so i would suggest to give it a try first : if one app does not work out , try another . if none works the way you need it , you still can go for another headset ; having checked some of the control apps , you then already know which companies have a specific app . as said , my philips headset works fine with the philips app -- others reported the same for jays . reading the comments will give you more details and help you finding a good combination .
my initial research is confusing . some say that this kind of commands just are not available on android . one source says that at least one product ( klipsch s4a ( android ) , £50-90 ) actually works as desired when also installing an application from the vendor . as for add-on software to handle the in-cable buttons , headsetbutton controller ( €2,29 , free trial ) seems to do the trick although i really do not understand why it needs to " read data about your contacts stored on your tablet , including the frequency with which you have called , emailed , or communicated in other ways with specific individuals . " with that add-on software , perhaps a cheaper headset could work just as fine ( example ) .
if you are willing to sacrifice volume control feature , pretty much most of the stock headphones that come with android phones will work for you . long press , double press of the button are mere interpretation of software like the music player or the call manager . hence you should get this feature natively or if not it can be supplemented by apps . if volume control is badly needed , then the only option that i can think of is bluetooth stereo headphones like jabra bt3030 , which can do all those you ask for . i am not an audiophile and do not like heavy bass - just saying this because i recently purchased a headphone from lg service centre just for inr200 ( about £3 ) and i am completely satisfied with its cost vs benefit ratio that it offered and of course had all the feature you ask for except volume control .
some launchers ( nova , launcherpro ) can create shortcut on home screen which can launch custom activity from any app . this may allow you to launch alarm settings directly . also you can create custom app to launch activity from another app .
this happens when you have driving mode enabled on the s3 . pull down the notifications bar , scroll to the right , and disable driving mode . that being said , on my s3 , when i reboot with driving mode on , it comes back with it still enabled though the menu says it is not . just enable it and disable it to make it go away then .
select system settings , then turn off blocking mode ( under the device heading ) . you ( or someone ! ) might have accidentally pressed that button when scrolling down the list . you could go into it first and confirm that the ' set time ' is 19:30 ; if not then the problem is something else .
depending on the version of cyanogenmod rom you have currently installed , this can be easy or impossible . if you already have cm7 , and simply want to try out the nightly builds , rom manager and rom manager premium unlock automate the entire process . with a single button tap , it can download the latest version of the rom , reboot to recovery , take a backup of the current system , flash the new version , and reboot back . if you are on an older version of cm ( 4/5/6 ) this cannot be done in one click , because of the drastic differences between the roms . a full wipe of the device will be required , which means all of your settings and downloaded apps will be deleted , and will need to be re-installed manually ( or in batch via titanium backup or appbrain . )
i finally made it without a /system/-wipe . i reinstalled cm9.1 + gapps , ran it once , and installed cm10 + gapps . now it works fine ! anyway thanks for your help !
aosp keyboard crashing in cm is a known issue . i think you can go for a system wipe . but just go through the precautions you should do . try re-flashing your rom and gapps
if you are just after the contacts , that should be easy as 1-2-3: open the contacts app , tap the menu , chose " export to sdcard " copy the resulting file ( in most cases named something like 0001.vcf over to the new phone on the new phone , same as in 1 . – just chose to " import from sdcard " of course , there are several more alternatives – depending on your preferences : if you have synchronized your contacts with google ( or some other cloud service ) , they should automatically be synced to your new device as soon as you connect it with your account plenty of backup/restore apps are available to assist you , some even specific to contacts more information might be found in our backup tag-wiki
if your device is rooted , you can use apps like autorun manager ( arm ) to list up all registered listeners , and even can disable/enable them at will ( e . g . to prevent a certain app from firing up at times you do not want it to ) . this would correspond to " clearing an association " .
you can remove some Intent associations by going to the specific app that you specified the Intent for in the Settings --> Applications --> Manager Applications --> [Find your app] --> "Clear Defaults" button . there is no way to view all associations given from Intents to Apps
i believe it is a no to both those questions . yes you can clear default associations only if you know which app is associated with with Intent ( you will still be prompted with the dialog asking you which app you had like to use with the current Intent ) . apart from that there is no way to clear associations . they are hard coded inside each app , there is no way to remove them . update : to answer your edited question head to settings > applications > manage applications find your application that you chose as your default app for that intent , click clear defaults
it does not appear that there is a native way to do this in ics . however , you could use the folders feature in ics to add multiple contacts to the home screen and group them into a single folder . not exactly what you are looking for , but this seems like it is the best native ( non-3rd party ) solution in ics .
based on my experience with chinese-made mid , we can extract it only if we have the access to it is kernel ( which usually the manufacturer does not release it ) . maybe you can start looking for the solution at tabletrepublic . com forum . find the specific device model and chipset used , and i am sure there will be a lot devs out there willing to help .
if you use cyanogenmod there is Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Quiet Hours .
there are several automation apps in the playstore which deal with this kind of subject . some of them are simply time-based ( which would match your question ) , such as e.g. timeriffic 1 -- others additionally can react on other conditions like location , calendar and more ( e . g . myprofiles 2 ) . the top end of flexibility can be reached with tasker -- there is almost nothing this app could not do . it needs some time to get used to , and costs some money , but for sure it is worth it . there are a lot of more apps like the mentioned ones , so just take them as examples for further " investigation " in the playstore . there also is a german listing on androidpit ( automatisierung -- profile-switcher and co -- google translate version ) to give you a faster start looking for alternatives .
there are several things to check out . walk the list until your problem is resolved -- then skip all following : make sure the sim was inserted correctly ( it easily happens to insert it the wrong way round ) does the same sim work in other phones ? yes : sim should be ok , phone probably " borked " no : sim " borked " . ask your provider for a replacement ( done . ) do other sims which work in other phones work in yours ? yes : very strange . check with your provider to send you a replacement sim : it is rare , but sometimes there can be incompatibilities ( especially with older sims and newer phones ) . no : pretty sure your phone is broken . hand it in to service . some indicators to watch during the process , as they might prove helpful to service ( and for combinations not covered above ) : do you see a signal in the status bar ? are there any sim errors displayed ? these two are pointing to an answer whether a sim was detected at all . the phone should display a special symbol in the notification error if no sim is found , and usually asks the user to insert one .
ok , i think this might be helping , but it is an odd fix . . . after reading the answer to another question on this site i tried the following : settings | applications | manage applications | all | media storage | clear data rebooted phone opened gallery app ( nothing there , but i should have seen one picture ) took a picture ( now pictures started appearing in the gallery app ) and now the google+ app shows the correct thumbnail . . . for now at least . this is a pretty serious kludge and not at all user-friendly . i hope it helps someone .
basically , yes . that is samsung 's ui/framework , touchwiz . other manufacturers have their own uis as well , including htc 's sense and motorola 's motoblur . the nexus s has the " stock " android ui .
i have had this issue and there are 3 ways to try to get around this . you will need a custom recovery to attempt 1 . or you can use odin alternatively for 2 . below . the superSU binaries are often ( but not always ) installed via recovery and the app itself gives this option . when superSU asks you to update the binaries , rather than select ' normal ' select ' recovery ' and see if it can install that way . flash superSU.zip directly in your recovery or Odin . here is the link to chainfire 's latest version . i have tried this myself and it fixed the issue for me on a number of devices . install an alternative super user app from the market . ( this can be messy , and you need to ensure superSU is completely removed )
if you can access the phone with adb , you push and install another launcher onto the phone . otherwise i think a factory reset is the least destructive of your options .
i know this is an old question but i had the same issues and came to nicer solution : go to the android market using your windows- ( or mac ) pc . install any other launcher . in my case the installation in background still worked . after that you can select a launcher when pressing the home button . select the other one . uninstall the " wrong " launcher . if after restart both launchers crash at startup another application is the reason . in my case it was " permissions " causing all that trouble
have you tried booting in safe mode ? nexus one safe mode 1 ) turn off your nexus . 2 ) remove the battery if it cannot be done the normal way . 3 ) press the power button to start your phone , and right when the logo appears , press and hold the trackball . you should also be able to hold down the touch sensitive menu button at this point , if you prefer that . 4 ) keep pressing until you see the lock screen , and you should now be in safe mode . while in safe mode , see if the problem persists . uninstall recently installed / updated apps that you feel may be causing a problem and clear app caches / data caches . to exit safe mode , just reboot your device .
this solves the problem : socksport 0.0.0.0:9050
you need an intermediate wifi ap to which both android and your laptop connect . the integrated wifi hotspot functionality will not work as it does only forward the internet connection and hides the rest ( it adds a new 192.168.42/24 subnet and does nat internally ) . technically speaking , of course , there is a way to do it . but it requires root and you would need to setup the network by hand ( iptables , ip tools required ) and make sure that the app does bind to the wifi hotspot standard gateway ip 192.168.42.129 and that there are no firewall rules to block it .
for your first question : you can turn on both options ( use wireless networks and use gps satellites ) and leave them on without any fear of battery usage or penalty . this just tells the system that it is permitted to use those when a program asks for them . then they will automatically activate and begin working when you use a program that requires them . for your second question : the gps chip on board is what talks to the satellites and actually gathers the data . the different gps programs simply use that data and present it to you in different ways .
the gps applications will not work accurately unless you enable the on board gps so all you have to do is simply check " use gps satellites " .
you should experiment with rebooting via the various key combinations / battery pulls / usb plugged-in-ness below first . sometimes the phone can be jolted out of the bad mode it is in by doing that . if the firmware was partially written though , you will have to do odin as ryan suggests . i basically agree with ryan 's answer , but i would use at least odin 1.5 . here 's odin 1.7 , it includes the 512 pit file . for the gt-i9000 ( international galaxy s ) , get firmware from this xda thread . you probably want the newest for your region ( excluding gingerbread , since it has not been officially released ) . i also recommend checking re-partition in odin . this will wipe 100% of your data , however . i think the easiest way to get into download mode is through key combinations . for the i9000 , just hold power + voldown + home until the phone reboots , then let go of power only ; after a second you will get to a yellow triangle with an android in it . for the vibrant , remove the battery , plug into usb , hold voldown + volup , and insert the battery .
i had the same problem ( except i did not use kies , i had the problem after the first ota update ) here are the steps i did to get my device back in a usable state : keep in mind , this will revert your phone to a rather old ( android 2.1 ) version of touchwiz . you may want to see if there are newer odin files available . you will probably need different files anyhow , as the ones i have below are for the galaxy s vibrant . also , i take no responsibility if this does not work for you , or your phone explodes in the process . these are the steps i took , and they worked for me . good luck . download odin3 1.0 download 512 pit download jfd tar note that all 3 of those are from the same thread . it also would not hurt for your to read that post too . open odin , plug in your phone , then put it into download mode . to expand on this because a lot of people were asking " how to put in download mode " . the easiest way i found to actually do it , if you can can connect via adb is to do the following : # reboot download if you can not get that to work , try how i mention below ( phone off , battery out , hold vol+ and vol- ) , or try searching these forums for " vibrant download mode " you will find other things that " work " for people load the pit file in appropriate area . load the . tar file in the pda area . do not check ' re-partition ' . click start , let it finish . at this point odin failed on me . and i got the " mobile- ! -pc " image . now , pull your battery and unplug usb i also took out the sim and sdcard at this point . bring the phone to download mode again plug the usb back in ( the phone should be off ) hold down vol+ and vol- put battery back in press power re-run odin as mentioned above do not give up if this does not work . if you get the device to boot , even if it is to the " error screen " , there is a possibility of recovering .
copy and paste from contacts app to messaging app should just work without any problem , i have used it a few times before to copy lines from addresses , emails and that sort of thing into an sms . are you sure you long-pressed long enough in the sms message to get the input menu up with the Paste option on it ? or that you copied it properly in the first place ? copying data from a contact is most easily done by Editing the contact , then long-pressing on the field you are interested until the input menu comes up with the Copy All option .
on my htc evo i can open contacts , then long click on the contact i want , and then choose " send contact as vcard " . this opens another menu that allows me to choose what portions of the contact to send along and how to send , via text , email , bluetooth . also you can try the app " shacts " which allows you to create qr codes of contacts very easily and then share them or scan them right from the screen . [ update ] another app to try for older android releases is qr contact 1.6 .
32gb lexar microsdhc class 10 card . with sd tools benchmark i get 23.7 mb/s read and 9.1 mb/s write performance on cyanogenmod 7.1-rc1 . on stock 2.2 rom it had considerably lower values with read even less than write . the benchmark is run just after reboot to prevent caching mechanisms inflating the real values .
htc desire hd and htc inspire 4g supports sd cards up to 32gb capacity . but 64gb is not supported . i have checked it by myself . so you can buy 32gb card and be sure that it will work .
i have a 8gb class 10 microsdhc in my desire .
16gb microsdhc here with no problems .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
in general , you can assume that " sd " refers to " sdhc " . it is the standard . if your phone supported sdxc , it would definitely be advertised .
the htc desire supports only microsd and microsdhc up to 32gb . sdxc is still relatively new and at present no handsets support it .
broke out the packet sniffer and determined that broadcast arp request from android devices where being dropped in the access point . turned out to be a bug with my buffalo 300n wireless access point . cheep new ap and problem gone . . . apparently some aps just do not talk to android ? solved by using the principal of " replace the cheapest things first "
from my experience i would guess you have bought a device imported by a private store rather from a local carrier , the people where you bought it should have replaced the stock rom into a hebrew supporting one after opening the package . i had the same thing done to my device after purchase and it will not void your warranty in any way . either ask them to do so or just root your device and flash a hebrew rom from the web ( may void warranty ) .
ah , supersu you clever girl ! apparently greenify was updated and it was constantly asking for root access . the prompt woke up the tablet each time . boy do i feel silly now !
i have the same problem with etech et-7008b tablet , the usb debugging is off before they made made too many pattern mistakes . my advice is make sure usb debugging option is checked/turned on before making any security password on your devices but it would be easier to unlock for those stolen or lost devices .
you have a stock recovery . try to boot to fastboot , using adb : apply this command in adb while in recovery : adb reboot-bootloader , or : adb reboot bootloader . try each one , if the first works , good . check if the device is visible by fastboot devices . if it outputs nothing , try the other command . it should work now . now you have to flash the recovery using fastboot flashing abilities . after that , try again .
factory-resetting only wipes the user data . if you want to go back to the original rom and unroot to fix your phone , you need to find the original rom that your phone came with , and follow the procedure to flash it to your phone .
clock is the standard application for alarms . in android , pretty much every feature is an application , and one application can be replaced by the other .
i also hit this issue . i even went as far as downloading the ics source code . it would seem that the music app on the nexus is " google music " , whereas the old music player is " android music " . the old one is actually included in the source code , but it is not installed as part of the standard image . i actually compiled the old one , and installed it , and when i created playlists there , they were visible to other apps . i suspect that because " google music " can do much more - cloud storage , music store etc . this means that it stores playlists differently . for example , an external app would not know what to do with a playlist which included content which needed to be streamed from google music ( and probably would not be able to access the service . i think google are changing the strategy in the apis . they now want you to use music controls to play the music in its default player . this makes some sense , but makes it very difficult to support apps which work in &lt ; 3.0 and > 3.0 , and will probably become more complicated as more people manually download google music .
here is my understanding as a developer : android 1.5-2.1: right-to-left support is built-in , but most roms do not contain the letters . this means that hebrew in most applications will show up as boxes ( but in the correct order ) . this does allow individual applications to include their own fonts and thereby display hebrew correctly . android 2.2: the default system fonts now include hebrew characters . right-to-left layout still works . ( although the rules for justification did change , annoyingly . ) based on some bug reports , google did not yet consider support for right-to-left languages to be final in this version . ( note the comments by google engineers , such as romain guy here : https://review.source.android.com/#change,15955 ) . android 2.3: the sdk has been released , but no updates for actual devices . the sdk does include a hebrew locale for the first time (http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.3.html#locs). also note that locale support ultimately depends on the vendor of the actual device ( either the carrier or handset manufacturer ) . they may choose to remove locales they deem unimportant to save space , or they may choose to add some that they deem important for their targeted market .
froyo/android 2.2 added support for displaying text in hebrew and arabic ( among other languages ) , including the needed fonts . unfortunately , previous versions do not have hebrew support in the stock source , though i would not be surprised if a device maker added support to their device on an ad-hoc basis .
i know that it is possible to use two messaging programs in same time ( like two browsers ) , but i do not think it is possible to one program handles messages from one person and other program handles for other person .
fastboot is a binary and protocol used to communicate with android devices in the early boot stage . it allows to change of the boot target and therefore is often used to install custom boot-loader ( twrp , clockworkmod , etc . ) and roms . the binary often comes with the android sdk , for example on my linux system it is installed at /opt/android-sdk-update-manager/platform-tools/fastboot . there are also build instructions for fastboot on the official android page .
i cannot lock down a feature list , and i do not have a tablet to try it on , but i have found that the aokp roms are pretty far along . i think it may have camera support , but you will have to let me know .
a rom with camera support is now available . i found it on the xda developers forum .
samsung have started rolling out the official ics rom now ( at least it was applied to mine recently ) , i would be surprised if that does not support the camera .
locale the best by far . well worth the $ . nothing else is a question .
i was not able to find a free solution so i am doing exactly what you are looking for with tasker . when my work calendar shows me in a meeting it turns the ringer to vibrate .
here 's a few . . . free : soundmanager silencr paid : audiomanager pro $1.99 volume / mode scheduler $2.99 edit : just realized you may have been looking for something more robust than just a sound profile manager/scheduler . chronos ( $0.99 ) and chronos lite ( free ) appear to do similar things to tasker and are much cheaper but they do not have the best reviews . i have not used them but they may be worth a shot . ( my 2 cents : just get tasker )
unfortunately i do not believe this is possible . no app can interact with the phone once the phone has been locked / put into standby mode . . . therefore without installing a custom rom ( which has modified the code allowing other buttons to unlock / wake up the phone ) this is not possible .
unfortunately you need root to be able to do that , despite you saying it , but thought it would be useful to leave that in here for others : ) all modern wireless cards chipsets would may have that feature to be able to sniff/monitor , but as matthew read pointed out in the comments below , its a grey area in terms of driver support . when you issue the binary command ifconfig there is a ' promisc ' switch to tell it to go into promiscuous mode to enable monitoring/sniffing .
looking at this , gsm:900/1800/1900 mhz , 3g td-scdma 2010-20250 mhz and scrolling on down a bit on that page under the ' data application features ' . . . data service gprs ; edge ; td-scdma that would explain it , no umts/hspa/hspa+ mentioned in the spec of that hardware , as that would be required to have t-mobile operating to enable 3g data . it may be basically a cheap and cheerful but crippled phone , but only for a certain market segment , if there is no supporting data protocol support such as umts/hspa/hspa+ , it will fall back on 2g .
i was having this problem on my verizon galaxy s4 ( i545 ) . i could not figure it out for two or three days straight . finally , i looked into my /data folder and saw a folder located at /data/app-lib which contained some data from candy crush . the folder was the same as the apk title : com . king . candycrushsaga-1 after deleting this folder ( you may want to back it up first ) , i was able to install candy crush again with no problem . hope this helps !
the problem has been reported and seems like it might be solved with some release in the mean while , an alternative would be : label contacts rather than put them in folder
from what i recall , that report does not show anything that has used less than 1% . considering how much of it is screen usage , i will bet that that is the issue .
i solved this myself after trying a few things . i deleted the news and weather app 's data by going to settings> applications> manage applications> all , tapping " news and weather " , and then " clear data " . i needed to delete and re-add the widget and set my refresh settings again , but now it works .
there is a way to use promo codes now . it is kind of hidden but it is there . just find the app you want to buy in google play and click the buy button and continue until you get to the payment options window . now click the " pay with:" dropdown and select " redeem google play gift card or promo code " . you will now have a box for entering promo codes .
there is no way to use coupon codes with google play .
no , it does not need root you can test the app on your phone ( but if it needs root in any way you need it ) , or you can test it in the android virtual machine that comes with the dev tools .
no , you do not need to be rooted to develop apps . apps are developed on the pc with the android sdk and you only test them on your phone .
root is not required to develop android application . the android sdk comes with an emulator that can run a virtual android device on your computer and test your application there . however you can hook up a real android device to your computer and enable a feature called usb debugging . for pre-jellybean phones this is accessible in developer options that should be visible in the settings app . for jellybean and up phones , you need to go to about phone and tap on build number a few times . then developer options should appear and you can enable usb debugging from there . an android phone is already prone to malware if external sources are enabled . use the google play store and always read the reviews . if an app wants root privileges , the phone will ask you first , so do not worry . however if you allow it , you are on your own . the app has full control over every aspect of your phone . your phone will need to be rooted if you are going to use root features in it ( obviously ) hope i helped .
the question of " should they " is more a moral than a legal or technical one . they will not do this because there is no logical business related reason to do so . they had be confronted with a support burden when people want their problems sorted so now they had have in effect two phones worth of problems instead of just one . there will not be a stock version anyway ; they had take the android source and customise it onto their hardware/firmware etc , plus all the extra stuff they put on . they had need to do this twice , too . this is the reason nexus and pure google versions of phones such as the s4 exist . i am afraid you have no choice but to buy one of those up front and find your own network . rooting your phone is not so hard ; i have done this to an s3 , only to revert to stock because of all the problems i had ( cyanogenmod is not very well supported on the version of the s3 available in my area ) . samsung is still supporting the s3 with updates , albeit very slowly ( they have not yet released the 4.2 update for the s3 - the source of which was released almost a year ago - which was promised for various months this year and there are rumours they will now skip this and go straight onto 4.3 ) .
is rooting the only option available for me ? yes . should not samsung allow me just point my phone update link ( ? ) to whatever i want , as my contract expires ? no . the manufacturers do not have a legal or moral obligation to do so . they can provide the sources to the kernel on their site , that is about how far they can go . this is where the community comes in , have a look at this titled " where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? " google nexus line of devices are free from carrier related slow-downs in rolling out updates and fixes to android , which is why you pay the odds over for a google nexus device . not all devices are deprived of the pure google experience , i.e. no carrier bloatware , touchwiz , etc . it can be done by selected few talented developers , depending on the community and popularity of device in question . you are free once the contract expires and do whatever you want without violating terms and conditions . you can : sim unlock/network unlock root the device modify it flash a custom rom on it ( refer to the linky above )
a contract is tied to a service provider / network . if the phone was packaged together with their plan / contract , chances are the phone contains a rom that is bundled with network-specifc apps . also , it is possible that the phone is locked to that network only . for you to get around this , you need to unlock the phone so it can be used woth other networks . plus , you will also be able to flash network-neutral roms or custom roms .
copying a working su binary does not make the device rooted ! the method of rooting depends on supporting files , for instance : a shell script a binary that exploits possibly , another script to copy over the superuser app . . . also , it is entirely dependent on whether your handset can be rooted or not depending on kernel , android version , manufacture/make of handset . with jellybean 4.3 , it is now much harder to exploit and security has been clamped down more , this caused headaches for the creator of chainfire 's superuser app in order to work around the extra security put in place by default . it will be a matter of time now , when trying to exploit and gain root will become harder !
as you have noticed , the app you are typing into can tell a " hint " to the keyboard app ( or input method ) to let it know what kind of text to expect , such as an email address . it is then up to the keyboard app to decide how to interpret that . for example , it can look in your contacts for email addresses . you have not said which keyboard app you are using , but from what you have described it seems that this app chooses to ignore expansions when it receives this hint . since it is up to the keyboard app what to do , you might like to install and try out a different keyboard app . i do not use expansions/abbreviations myself , so i can not recommend one , but there must be one out there that lets you use them for email addresses , phone numbers , etc . as well as normal text . do bear in mind that a keyboard app can record all the text you type , so be extra careful to only install apps from reputable sources and developers .
make sure you have supersu installed from playstore . you mentioned root checker said not proper root access , means it did not ask access to check . i highly recommend supersu instead of superuser etc .
you need to fully drain you devices battery until it turns off by itself at then plug it in the outlet and leave it overnight . explanation : battery needs to be calibrated especially if you are not charging the battery to a full 100% . tips : charge your battery to 100% at least a week : ) ample power company suggests : conditioning batteries how do batteries that are only four months old die ? perhaps they were not broken in properly ; maybe they sat deeply discharged for a few days or more ; perhaps they were allowed to self-discharge . there is plenty of ways to murder batteries . all batteries that refuse to accept a charge are not necessarily ready for the scrap heap . often , a deep discharge followed by a slow charge will recover lost capacity and charge acceptance .
that is really not normal . the phone should behave completely normally right up to the point it turns itself off . since it is still under warranty , you should make a warranty claim . trying to fix it yourself ( or taking it to someone else to fix ) will void the warranty , and might not fix the problem , which would leave you worse off than you started . from what you have described it is not possible to tell where the source of the fault is . if you have a friend with an s3 you could borrow , you could try their battery in your phone to see what difference that makes ; but if you make a warranty claim , they will likely want to test both the phone and the battery , even if you think you have isolated the cause yourself .
http://plugable.com/2012/12/01/windows-8-and-intel-usb-3-0-host-controllers updating 3.0 drivers from microsoft to intel makes htc devices connect through adb and fastboot !
make sure cable is connected properly . try other usb port . close all programs running that is related to adb . go to developer options and tick on usb debugging . delete htc android drivers in device manager and reinsert you cable : ) then restart .
as it turns out , the issue was that my phone was no longer being recognised as a composite usb device by windows , meaning only one of adb , mtp or htc sync was capable of running at a given time . after the update , mtp was always recognised first . this explains both the 4.3 issue of mtp and adb conflicting , and the 4.4 issue of no adb . the solution was provided by htc 's support website : step 7 . if you could see your phone as the portable device on your pc , but there is still no " android usb device " in " device manager " , please try to manually update the driver for your phone . expand " portable devices " in " device manager " right click on your phone 's name or " mtp usb device " update driver software select “browse my computer for driver software” tap “let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer” don’t check “show the compatible hardware” select standard usb main controller select usb composite device in the right hand side list as the screen shot below and then click next after you click next , if there is warning message window pop up , please choose yes .
try uninstalling the previous drivers and after that connect your device to the pc and let the system detect your device drivers and download it .
maybe shadowsocks ? there are different os client/servers , even for routers . http://www.shadowsocks.org/
apple ios no official native solution by google ( except for the safari web-app with a subpar user experience ) beware : all 3rd party providers seem to need your friend 's plain google password to be able to offer push support ( not just their app ) ! all have some sort of session timeout for push notifications ( when the app is in background ) : needs a relogin after that timeout ( eww ! ) . 3rd party apps i found : im+ pro , free , ad supported , push with unknown session timeout im+ , 9.99$ , no ads and longer push session timeouts as above . good reviews . beejiveim for gtalk : free , push session timeout up to 7 days , no voice/video chat for google talk pro : 0.99$ , push with unknown session timeout , noticed bad reviews in germany , good in us though windows phone todo blackberry has good support , download here symbian todo bada todo send me your findings , i will happily include them here .
you need to include the port number . adb -s 192.168.60.69:5555 shell  if you are using a sensible shell with configurable tab-completion ( i.e. . not windows ) , then you can type adb -s tab to get a list of devices .
ahh , soft keys . when the power button is pressed , the hardware raises an interrupt which is handled by an os-provided interrupt handler . part of the interrupt handling process included waking the processor from sleep . the software will then turn on the screen ( if it was asleep ) , display a shutdown menu , or some other function depending on the os version and any customizations added by the device manufacturer or third-party software installed by the user . the power button also starts a counter in hardware . if the counter reaches a threshold without the power button being released , then the power circuit is invoked to turn off the device . this is done purely in hardware circuitry , independent of the os or even firmware executed by the main processor . that is why it still works when the system is locked up ( or perhaps overclocked and so unstable that the processor can not execute any code at all ) .
i am not absolutely sure , but i believe that that is a feature of samsung 's touchwiz ( proprietary build of android ) and only works select samsung tablets/phones , among them the galaxy s5/4 , note 3 . the lg g flex also boasts to have " dual window " , and lg g pro 2 has qslide for limited multitasking . other aftermarket android projects are working on it ( omnirom , paranoidandroid ) but that still requires a rooted device . the next best thing are " floating " apps , like floating apps ( free , $1.99 ) or tiny apps ( free , $2.03 ) . these apps create smaller windows that float over all other applications allowing you to interact with multiple apps simultaneously .
the samsung note 10.1 , 10.1 2014 , and 8 as well as the samsung note 12 pro are all samsung tablets that support multi window . also , in addition to the list provided in the answer prior to mine , the note 2 phablet has multi window ( note that not so apps can use multi window on the samsung devices though ) . there are also at least a few apps that you can download on most android devices ( not sure if they are usable on old versions of android ) that give you some multi window functionality , but typically only a few apps are supported and there seem to be many apps labeled multi window that are ripoffs so you have to carefully research each first . a few that appear good based on my research are multitasking and ixonos .
if you enter the dialpad to call , you should see a microphone icon that you can click to voice dial . you can also add a voice dial icon to your home screen . as for needing a data connection , it is not the processing that is the issue - it is the amount of data that would need to be stored on your phone in order to do that processing that is the problem .
last time i checked hands-free voice dialing is not possible with android . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=9817 put simply , android is not car-friendly telephone . in fact , android phones may be banned from use while driving in some states , as android does not support hands-free operation . perhaps , nothing wrong with that if we consider it as just a small internet tablet and not demand full telephony capabilities from it .
" voice control without internet by k and j software " app seems like all you will need . description from the play store:- unlike most voice applications on the the market which require internet connection , this application installs a light-weight speech recognizer on your phone , so it can run locally without internet connection . you can make your own speech commands to start an app , call a friend or browse a website . speech commands can be defined by phonetic alphabets , so it literally supports any language . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.knjsoftware.voicecommanderhl=en i have not tried it out yet , but it looks promising and has decent ratings . not sure how well it performs . . it also seems you can set the " voice dialing feature " through this app . hope it works out well ! : ) note : free version has a few limitations .
there are more keyboards able to do this . swype comes preinstalled on samsung smartphones , but can also be installed from google play . you could also try swiftkey flow or keymonk .
you would need to use an app like swiftkey keyboard or slideit . edit #1: take a look @izzy 's comment . it is also possible .
you could start off by checking if this is a problem with the messaging app itself . install an alternative sms app ( i use go sms pro myself ) . if all 's fine with the alternative app , and you do not mind using it ( they are much more powerful anyway ) , problem solved . otherwise , you could try out what patchie is suggesting .
i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices/samsung-galaxy-s2
are you sure that you receive the message ? maybe you have the problem described here ( forget the part about wifi ) . if you do not get a beep nor a top screen message but you get the message once you re-enter on the talk application ( after a small delay ) maybe the problem is that you lose the connection with the server .
right now my htc evo does not have this issue . however i have noticed from time to time that the typing something in the virtual keyboard can be slower than usual . usually though this is due to an app being installed or i am switching around in several apps really fast and the lag does not last more than the first one or two key selections . if you have not already i recommend calibrating your virtual keyboard ( it may help it may not : ) ) in " settings " go to " language and keyboard " then select the input keyboard you are using ( i have three different ones on mine you will most likely have less ) . my guess is that yours will be called " touch input " . from there select " text input " and scroll to find " calibration tool " . quick summary : to calibrate your htc virtual keyboard - " settings " > " language and keyboard " > " touch input " > " text input " > " calibration tool " there may be slight differences due to the fact that the device i am using is different but since they are both from htc it should be close . hope this helps
yes , but in my case , i had an usb hub installed with 7 ports ( which can be put on top of my desk - making it easier to plug in usb devices ) . this hub could funtion with or without an electric adaptor ( not sure how to call the plug which goes into the electricity outlet ) . using this usb hub with a memory stick was fine , but when i wanted to plug in my android device ( or for that matter my ipod ) , i had to make sure the external power adapter for this usb was connected to the outlet . got some weird things if the hub did not receive enough power . i am sure some of the guys here at the forum can explain why : )
yes , though it will charge slower than if plugged in to the mains supply and some usb ports are powered better than others .
i do not know about the n1 in particular , but as far as i know , most ( if not all ) phones charge via usb so long as the usb port provides enough power . my motorola droid and g1 charge via usb . my nook color and motorola xoom ( tablets ) do not charge via usb . however , do note that it is faster to charge with the phone plugged in to a power source instead of a usb port .
yes , i own an n1 and this is often how i charge it . i have owned and worked with other android devices , and all of them will charge from a powered usb port ( although slower than from an electrical outlet ) .
endless hours were spent trying to connect my motorola razr to my computer . this finally worked : go to google playstore on the phone . download motorola pim ( all upper case ) . if you have an extended battery case/charger on the phone , remove the phone and insert the usb cable into the port on the top of the phone . or download “airdroid” and connect wirelessly . hope this helps someone !
in my experience the udev rules are only required for fastboot and this should not be related to charging .
i am guessing the power output from the port is low , although i would think the hard drive would not work either . you could try connecting your phone to a powered usb hub , and connected the hub to the computer . or if you have a desktop , it could be a power supply problem , in which case you could try one with a higher wattage .
i had the same problem and resetting the device fixed the issue . give that a try .
thanks for the answers , zshakespeare , al everett and lie ryan : ) it is true , the cell network signal is quite poor at work - that could be why it drains so fast . i have tried out all your recommendations and in the interests of others , i am going to document what i did : first , for unrooted users . if you do not have tasker , get it - it is the most powerful task automation tool for android , though somewhat aimed at power users . there is no free version ( 15 day trial ) but it is worth every penny . ( it is a little cheaper when bought direct from the developer instead of from the market ) . i have already set tasker to kill wifi and disable autosync when i enter my office . now in addition , i have created a profile to turn off the data connection ( edge/3g ) when the screen is blank . next for rooted users - and this is where i see the most drastic power saving - by underclocking the cpu . i am using 2.3.5 and have experimented with 2 kernels - darkyrom 's supercore 2.0 and hacre 's ninphetamine . the latter is a high performance kernel with voltage regulation features ( supercore does not support changing voltages ) . i have installed setcpu , and set it to downclock from 1200 mhz to 800 , and reduce the cpu voltage to 975 mv ( at 800 mhz , lowering further will cause problems ) . i have also set it to further reduce the clock to 500 mhz when the screen is off . by doing this , i got a boost of nearly 4 hours in battery backup . looking at this , i wonder why samsung does not do the same thing in the ' power saving ' mode that is available by default ; not everybody would want to/be able to experiment with rooting their phone . finally , about syncing apps and email - i turn off autosync while i am in office , and at other times i use the built in mail client to sync my gmail every hour . my office exchange mail is sync disabled while i am in office , and set to push mail at other times . i do not get more than a couple of mails a day during non office hours .
settings -> location -> turn off like everything root your phone and underclock : ) keep google
you have already turned most off the features and yet if it only gives less than 8 hours , chances are there is some hardware fault . maybe in battery .
there are two apps , juice defender and woofi , which , when used together can dramatically increase the battery life of your phone . the idea is that if you do not need to be notified the instant that you receive a message via the internet , your mobile data does not need to be on all the time . juice defender ( among other things ) will disable your mobile internet , and then re-enable it at a specified interval so that your phone will check for new notifications . it does not affect text messages and phone calls . woofi uses your network location as a basis to disable and enable wifi , so that you only have your wifi antenna turned on when you are somewhere you can use it . if you are a control freak like me , you could also do all of this with tasker . i have it set up so that when my screen turns off all internet connections are disabled until i turn the screen back on . then if it does not connect to wifi within 30 seconds , wifi is diabled . it turns data on every 10 minutes to notify me if i receive an email . i put a shortcut to enable/disable this on my homescreen , and my battery life almost doubled . finally , if you just flashed a new rom , your battery life will be bad for the first week or so , until the dalvik cache and battery information caches are built up . you should notice a significant boost in battery life after a few days .
i usually get by the day by carrying a usb charger since i always have my laptop or other computers around me . some people get through by buying a second battery pack or a thick extended battery . any apps that syncs every 15 minutes is battery sucker , since it prevents the phone from sleeping . syncing every hour or so should not affect battery by much . if possible you should prefer apps that uses c2dm ( i.e. . push instead of poll ) . many apps that polls for data have configurable polling frequency , try to have the same polling frequency for all apps or integer multiples . for mailboxes that need to receive occasional urgent emails , do not use the stock email client , instead use gmail client or exchange which uses push . if your email server supports imap idle extension ( a push extension for imap protocol ) , you should use third party imap client , e.g. k9 mail . however , do not use push for low priority high-traffic mailbox . you might be able to find a sweet spot for yourself by using two or more mailboxes for your high urgency and high traffic mailbox . if you are rooted , underclock . most phones have much more cpu than is needed for daily usage ; underclocking will curb the phone to not go full power state unexpectedly , remember to restore the clock before doing cpu intensive activities ( e . g . games ) and to underclock it again afterwards . i hope you know to disable live wallpaper . they are good for showing off , but not if you want your phone to last the day . secure the phone in your pocket . i found that my phone drains battery faster when in a tight pocket since the hardware button are often accidentally pressed which activates the screen and prevents the phone from sleeping . in some custom rom , e.g. cyanogenmod , the notification bar have power widget , which is handy for quickly enabling/disabling battery sucking features , e.g. gps , 3g , etc . however , remember that in the end it is all a tradeoff :
i find power saving mode feature pretty good , anything not being used is shut off but turned on when needed automatically .
biggest battery-killer for me is being in a place with little or no cell signal and having the cell antenna on . the phone is constantly trying to connect with the network and it just sucks the battery dry . when i am at work i can not get any signal in my office , so i put the thing in airplane mode . ( i can not make or receive calls anyway , so might as well . ) i easily end the day with 80% battery . if i forget to do that , i am out of juice by early afternoon .
there is a widget that allows you to combine widgets into a 1x1 square , called widgetfolder . unfortunately , it is not as sleek as even the standard folders , as clicking on it does not slide out a pop-up with the contained widgets ( or files , apps , contacts etc ) , but opens up a separate screen where you can open , arrange and add widgets ( or other folder items ) . opening up that screen takes a good one or two seconds , which can become quite frustrating in the long run . it also crashes to force close every now and then , especially when you are arranging or deleting icons from it . but so far it is the only one i have found . sadly , it is definitely not good enough for me to stop looking .
this might be a late answer , but lightning launcher is free , and allows you to put any widget inside a folder . you can even put more than one widget in a single folder if you like . the downside to this launcher is that when you restart your phone , the widgets do not reload , but it could just be my phone .
after much experimenting , it is apparent that you cannot put a widget inside a folder . folders will only hold shortcuts . i have a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 . admittedly , there may be a rom out there that lets this happen , and perhaps even a customized version from some carrier/manufacturer that allows it . but without significant modification , this just can not be done .
check your picasa web album . i found that when i deleted my profile photo there , i was freed . . . finally ! it took several minutes to update .
i just ran into this same issue . i think it is because i had a contact for myself in gmail that did not match the capitalization that the gmail app ( or maybe just android ) uses for your personal email address ( all lower case for me ) . in any case , here 's the steps i took that fixed it for me . i am running jelly bean , so it may be a little different for you . open the gmail app tap the gmail icon in the top left corner and take note of the capitalization of your email address on the top left open an email that you sent tap on the place where your picture would be ( it should be a picture of the first letter of your first name ) tap on your profile picture in the popup to go to the contact details choose " edit " from the setting dropdown in the top right corner ( the 3 vertical dots ) change your email address to all lower case ( or maybe whatever showed up in step 2 . if one does not work , try the other . ) tap " done " at the top left . this fixed it inside my email . in order to also fix it in the email list , i had to also do the following . go to gmail 's " app info " page . ( under phone settings -> apps -> " all " tab for me ) tap " clear data " once the numbers finish calculating ( and ok on the warning popup ) open the gmail app and wait for your emails to re-sync enjoy your face you handsome devil . hopefully this works for you or anyone else that stumbles across this thread .
in gmail ( on the web ) you go to settings -> general . under there is " my picture " . excerpt from gmail help : click the gear icon at the top of any gmail page . click mail settings . from the my picture section , click select a picture . the upload a picture window appears . upload a new photo from your computer , or select a photo from picasa web albums or your previous google profile photos . drag the selected region to crop your photo , or resize the region by clicking and dragging one of the region corners . click edit photo in picnik to edit your photo . click set as profile photo . you can select whether you had like all gmail users to see your picture , or only those who you have allowed to chat with you , using the radio buttons next to your uploaded photo on your settings page . visible to everyone means anyone who you email , or who emails you , can see your picture . if you have a public google profile without a photo and you choose this option , your picture will be used on your google profile and will be visible to others there . visible only to people i can chat with includes users who have been given permission to see when you are online and to chat with you . as of the time that i am writing this , i believe that the gmail picture and the google+ picture are still separate from each other , but google+ profile picture , iirc , defaulted to this image . i want to add that ics added the " me " contact . from what i know , this contact is tied to your google+ account , and no one has seem to find a way to edit the info without deleting the contact and re-adding it .
i tried the other suggested answers but nothing worked . i then simply sent an email to myself to see if my avatar would show up as the sender , it did , and all other emails in my inbox refreshed and it showed my avatar from then on .
if you are rooted , the best way to check is to go to /system and open build . prop , and then check if there is a line called ro.sf.lcd_density . this will give you the current lcd density , and you can even change it if you want .
i have created small app to check phone screen density . you could check it . phone density information
you probably have a diagonal screen size , and a resolution . use the pythagorean theorem on the resolution and divide the result by the screen size to get the dpi . for example , my vibrant is 4" , 800x480 . sqrt ( 800 2 + 480 2 ) / 4 = ~233 dpi .
even a cheap tablet with no official specs normally mentions the screen resolution on the box , did not yours ? if not , then you could visit a web page like http://www.whatismyscreenresolution.com/ ( there are many other similar websites out there ) or install an app like android system info that will tell you your resolution as well as your dpi . the dpi is just a measurement of how many pixels there are on an inch of your screen , so if you know your screen resolution , you can measure the size of your screen and calculate the dpi from there to get the actual density .
i have replaced rom in my mobile using odin and downloaded official jelly bean firmware from here and installed by following instructions i was able to succesfully flash the jelly bean released on nov 11 2013 and after flashing i did following wiped user data ( factory reset ) wiped cache partition now it is working like charm
in simple words yes ! can they be installed without your knowledge ? mostly no , but with hackers finding innovative ways to push malware through you could get affected . any app during installation asks for a few permissions , if i were to develop an application to spy on your location , your contacts , your messages etc i could very well just add these permissions on the app and discreetly upload your data . how would you prevent this ? well if you are downloading a music app and it asks your permission to send and receive messages or access your messages you can make an educated guess that something could be wrong here . your best bet at finding spy apps would be to see the permissions for apps downloaded and see if they match the functionality that is provided by them .
it is my understanding that , in a non-rooted android device at least , all apps are available to be seen by the user . now unless there is a security vulnerability that i am unaware of a " spy-app " will be visible to the primary user and owner of the phone . this does not mean it will be called " spy app " or anything that is obviously malicious but it does mean that if it is there then it will be visible . a great way to check if an app could be a " spy app " is to check its permissions , other than that its just good practice to know what is on your phone ( so you could see if an app is installed that you did not install ) .
to answer your question on what the ' black bar ' is at the bottom of the screen - it appears to be called the System Bar . i thought it was the Notification Bar but apparently that is part of the System Bar . here are several links that i found in my search : android 3.0 highlights from android developer site talkandroid . com esato . com phonearena . com stackoverflow question where someone called it a ' system bar '
there are a number of programs . you are described the functionality of an ftp or smb service . one of the best is servers ultimate . you might also take a look at airdroid . type this in the file explorer window of your os to see a gui resolution : ftp://192.168.1.150:2121  ( the ip address should be replace for the one that servers ultimate pro gives you . ) you will end up with a regular file browser window where you can drag and drop items between your computer and your android . this is a view of your drag/drop ( copy option ) in linux : this is a view of your drag/drop ( copy option ) in windows : the android is on the left of the two pictures . the pc is on the right of the two images . when you drag and drop , you can drag and drop ( transfer ) full subfolders between the android and the pc , or of course individual files . enable write access for the user : ensure you have setup a user for your ftp server and enabled write access for this user . you can check this by clicking ( from servers ultimate pro ) : click on servers then click the ftp server you setup click edit click general click users click the specific user put check mark in allo write access
get adb running on your computer ( see e.g. : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) enable wireless adb on your android device on a command line : adb push &lt;local_folder&gt; &lt;remote_folder&gt; to get the files from your computer to the android device – or adb pull &lt;remote_folder&gt; &lt;local_folder&gt; for the other direction
you should be able to just plug the controller in to your tablet with a otg usb cable and then an app like usb/bt joystick center 6 will map the controller inputs to something your device can recognise .
i found out there are two types of xbox360 controller . the regular wireless controller ( with optional usb-charger cable ) the actual wired usb controller allthough the wireless controller with usb charger cable looks like a regular usb controller , it does not behave this way . also when connected via usb it will still operate wirelessly . so the problem lies in the controller . to use a xbox360 controller via usb , we would need the actual wired usb controller and not the wireless controller with charger cable .
according to this site , it is possible to change the status by tapping it and selecting another status message . it is possible that this is not available in the free version , since they usually contain ads .
one way to do that is using tasker together with the secure settings addon . but this requires your device to be rooted since , um , ics at least ( android no longer permits apps to switch gps as it did with e.g. froyo and before ) . you could configure a condition for " boot completed " , with a task to disable gps . so it would be disabled at startup , and not touched from then on . you might even want to go a step further , and let tasker automatically switch gps back on as soon as you start selected apps ( useful for e.g. maps ) -- so you would not even need to remember turning it back on when needed . tasker and the secure settings addon ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) apart from that , once you have got used to setting up profiles with tasker , you will find many more things you can automate with it . sure , the app has its price ( worth every cent of it ) , and takes a little time to get used to . to first try it out , you will find a free trial on the homepage , working for 7 days . if that seems to short , here 's what the dev himself recommends : take care to export your configuration before the 7 days are up . then , at the end of the test period , uninstall tasker , re-install it , and import the saved backup -- you are ready for another 7 days then : )
photo saving location is up to the individual apps . stock android camera app , for example , always writes to sd card 's DCIM\Camera folder . other photo taking apps may have a different default location , but you should be able to change that in those apps ' settings . various photo managing apps will try to scan your entire sd card for images , and may pull in folders that belong to various other apps , not necessarily camera/camcorder . such apps usually have setting to specify which folders to include or exclude during such scans .
looks like the cause of you problem might be : your sd card is corrupted or with some problem your version of android is very outdated and might have bugs try to use another sd card , if you get the same problems then i highly recommend you to flash a custom rom like cyanogenmod 7 for example . here you can get some tutorials about how to make it update xperia x8 with official firmwares or custom firmwares
i solved my problem by going to Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage and unmounted then remounting the card .
i faced the same issue at least couple of times , but now its stable . i also have android 2.1 update 1 version on my phone . i strongly recommend you back up all your data ( call logs , messages , bookmarks , contacts and market apps ) to a pc . after backing up your data try the following : reset the settings ( settings -> privacy -> settings reset ) . it is going to restart the phone . let it restart the phone . if step 1 does not help then do factory reset ( settings -> factory data reset ) . it is going to remove all the data from your phone . if still no help then use sony ericsson update service to flash the stock ( original ) rom into your mobile . please format , remove and reinsert the sd card into your mobile . you can try nathan 's solution , but your phone 's hardware should support the latest android versions ( > = android 2.2 ) otherwise there are custom roms . as far as i know your phone 's hardware will not support higher versions of android . it allows you to flash the custom rom but you will be able to use very minimal features of that android .
this could be a hardware issue . if the sd card is continually failing / un-mounting like this , try another sd card , and try the first sd card in another device . if the first card fails in the second device , it is the card . ( cards are cheaper to replace , so hope it is this . ) if the second card fails in the xperia x8 , it is probably hardware related . i would not root and mod to attempt to solve this problem as it is more likely to be hardware/warranty related .
i was having that problem , and the solution that helped me was to charge up the battery completely , then use the recovery boot menu to wipe battery stats . then , i used the phone until the battery died and the phone shut itself off . during that time , it is important to not plug in your phone to usb or charger , it has to drain continuously . then you can charge it back up again and use it as normal . it should help to make the battery percentage more accurate , and to drop in a more stable way .
well , after tearing my hair out and feeling my hair became lighter , i gave up . but then , the wifi of the laptop became even flakier : it can no longer connect to the office wifi . so , i did some drastic measures : uninstall all thinkpad utilities that manage the wifi uninstall the wifi drivers reboot reinstall just the wifi drivers afterwards , i can connect to the office wifi . . . and hostednetwork works ! go figure :-/
you can try viber . you only need to put your phone number . personally i do not like it because of the ui and their notification mechanism but its a matter of personal flavor .
no force shutdown for galaxy tab , but you can use this trick . plug the charger into your galaxy tab . hold down power button for 10 seconds , and wait to reboot . after that , the screen will be change with charging battery . plug off your tab , and it will be shutdown .
there is no " force shutdown " as far as i know , but you can force a reboot by holding down the power button for about 15 seconds .
there is a bug in android 4.4 which causes flac files to pop and stutter . androidpolice has an article on it , there is a fix that has been committed ( but not released ) according to this bug report . it should be fixed in the next release ( although when that'll be is anyone 's guess ) since the problem exists in android 's native flac codec , which is used by most of the music players available , finding an alternative app with its own custom implementation will easily solve the issue .
clutchpad can be setup to do pretty much whatever you want . . check it out here
if you are using the aokp ics roms , then there is a setting under System Settings-&gt;ROM Control-&gt;General UI-&gt;Long Press Home Action but it seems to only let you choose between different kinds of recent menu lists . i know this is a narrow part of your situation , but information for your taking nonetheless .
another method exists , and like you indicated , it requires at the very least root access and possibly a custom rom . hook your device up to a computer via adb . pull your keypad . kl file . for my htc evo 4g , it was /system/usr/keylayout/supersonic-keypad.kl , regardless of what it is called , you should find it somewhere close to /system/usr/keylayout open this file with a text editor , and edit as you please following the pattern of the file . for me , the home button is 102 , so remapping this key to the camera would be key 102 CAMERA WAKE_DROPPED . a key marked WAKE will wake the device when it is pressed , WAKE_DROPPED can affect the system without waking the screen . note : this may only allow you to change the functionality to built-in options , but there are several functions available , including volume options , other softkeys , camera , power , any characters , or playback controls , such as PLAYPAUSE . this is the android source and includes example keymaps .
you might be able to assign the required functions to the button with buttonremapper : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=850464
based on android ics spell checker does not know how to spell ( english ) ? , spell-checker seems to be enabled [ but there is some issues ] . right now , i am on samsung galaxy s2 ics [ using cyanogenmod ] , and there is a checkbox to enable spelling correction . when i was using stock ics , i could turn off spelling / auto-correction , but it might be because i was also using a 3rd-party keyboard [ go sms pro ]
it is much slower than siri with the same connection speeds . it is also less accurate .
this is a droid running cm 6.1.2 . there does not seem to be any appreciable difference between the headset and headphones other than the wired vs . wireless indicator .
you can see the details of this at the android developer documentation , but an app can definitely tell if a wired device plugged into the audio jack has a microphone or not . i will tell you that this information is not always accurate or consistent across devices though , as i have experienced with my own app hearing saver . sometimes different phones send different codes for this particular bit of information , so if you are experiencing difficulties with certain apps not recognizing your headset , i would get into contact with the developer of that app .
if you did not take a backup before fiddling around with your system ( which i assume is the case ) , you will have to get yourself the rom ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) and flash it to your device . advice for the next time you start playing with system stuff : backup your current rom ( which can be done via custom recovery as nandroid backup ) . so in case anything goes wrong , you simply need to boot into recovery and restore that backup , which includes the entire system and your user stuff as well .
if your phone starts up normally and does not have home screen alone if you had enabled adb debug , you can copy the apk for home ( you should know the name as you deleted it ) from some one 's phone of same model having same version of rom as yours . then you can connect your phone to your pc and use adb install commands to install the home launcher .
you have to install new rom , but you lose your warranty permanently . because the rom is locked first time , when you re-install you unlock it . after re-locking it'll show your status as re-locked instead of locked and it means you have no warranty any more . you must backup your phone before any system modification .
backup the phone and try to reset the phone . so that you`ll get all the apps which are coming with your phone .
battery temperature guard free is another cool app to monitor your android 's battery temperature . this will warn you if it gets too high . this app was very useful during my summer vacation in south france :- )
you can use tempmonitor available from google play store : system temperature reading in your status bar updating at your choice interval . tempmonitor is the oldest cpu temperature monitoring app on the android market . this app is built to do one thing : temperature , and it does it well . some features that you might like : the temperature can be displayed on the status bar or in the app screen . you can also select what you want to see : choose from celsius or fahrenheit . choose what temperature to display ( battery , cpu ) . choose the update interval .
dolphin mini blog post documents how to download the pdf file . q2: how to download pdf files ? a2: 1 ) long press the link of pdf files , choose the “save link” option in context menu . 2 ) click “download” option at the bottom of the page after you click the link .
try a complete clean installation . i mean wipe system data cache d-cache then install the is and gapps only . probably something stable . then test it for 2 days .
important addition : when my battery gets drained and i put it to the charger , it gets fully charged for few minutes ! i tried wiping battery stats before and after every rom installation , tried using battery calibration app , but nothing helps !
from your answer ( phone charged again in a few minutes ) i would say there is a problem with either your battery capacity or your battery stats ( either the phone thinks the battery is empty while it is not , or it thinks it is fully charged when it is not ( and so it is emptied again very quickly ) . the screen is always a big battery consumer ( i never seen it under 40% on my phone ) so if your battery life is reduced , it can drain it completely in a couple of hours . what i would recommend is to try to charge the battery for a long time after the phone has drained it , like overnight . you may want to try another charger also since there is always the possibility that something had gone wrong with yours . if it does not help and you know someone with the same phone , try swapping the batteries ( after both are fully charged ) : if your phone still die in one hour , then you definitely have something consuming too much battery . try looking into the number of wakelocks as recommended in the comments ( also you may try to revert to stock rom . if the issue is still there , there may be a hardware failure causing this issue ) if the other phone die in one hour and your is still good , it means you are battery was not fully charged . if this is the case , try to charge it again on the other phone and do the test again : if the battery works fine the second time , there is an issue with your phone which does not charge batteries the right way . in this case i am not sure what you can do ( that may also be caused by a hardware issue ) if it still does not work for more than one hour , then you just need a new battery
i installed stock 2.3.3 rom and now everything is fine . . . i will back it up , and then try experimenting with some newer roms : ) thanks for all the responses !
no , most manufacturers interfaces are proprietary and cannot be modified to work on other devices . that being said , there have been attempts to get interfaces such as samsung touchwiz and htc sense working on specific other devices , but they are very unstable and not suited for everyday use . htc sense for the galaxy nexus ( alpha ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1535715 however , you may also be interested in specific manufacturers apps for your current rom . s voice : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293870
a google engineer said ( on google+ , i think ) that nexus phones are designed to not charge the battery to 100 % , as it is stressful for the battery . even when a phone shows 100% and charged , the circuitry actually charges and discharges the battery , always keeping it under 100% ( and above 92% , i think ) . i tried to find the source , but google search has not turned anything up yet . will add it here if i find it later . so when your device does not show 100% , do not panic . that is by design .
try pointing them to this link on the sony mobile website : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/software/phones/xperia-x10-mini/ it has some software to download for mac or pc which will allow your friend to upgrade their device .
for reading ebooks on android phone , the best format is epub , because it can fit the android screen very well . my company 's software , pdfmate free pdf converter , is what i recommend .
try montana free ebook reader . it has multiple useful functions .
i ended up using epub2go . com to convert the pdfs to epub format then used aldiko to read them .
pdfs are easily readable , in my books . adobe 's reader app is actually pretty good , not bloated like the desktop version . as for conversion , google probably does a better job of giving you info that i could . the first result for this search is a site that will convert to the epub format , for example . adobe reader for android :
if you have a pc , try the calibre program . i converts almost every kind of ebook into every other format of ebook . so you can convert any pdf into any format our android device can read in whatever program you have or are accustomed with . best of all , it is free ! the pdf reader from adobe is a big program to install on the phone . . . and aside from that : i do not like the attitude of adobe to install updates every day ( mind you that is on the pc , but still - we are not living into an android only world , are we ? ) .
two things to consider : 1 depending on the charger , the nexus might not recognize it as a 2a charger . it does not actually measure its capacity , but relies on some properties of the otherwise unused data-lines of the usb connection to the charger . should not be the problem if you used the charger that came with the nexus . 2 it is possible that the nexus is confused about the actual state of the battery . this can be re-calibrated , but is a rather involved process - especially if you do not have root on the device yet . however , guides can be easily found with google . where does this leave you : if you have not used the charger that came with the nexus , do so and see if problems persist . if the charger is not the problem and you still have warranty send the device in . if you are out of warranty try recalibrating the battery stats .
not necessarily an answer but i ended up using the stock charger that came with the nexus 7 itself . i leave it plugged overnight . none of my other "2a " chargers can charge it quickly nor can my computers . this sucks because now i have only a single rapid charging station , next to my bed ( vs my office , my living room etc ) . standard protocol or not for charging , this kills my user experience compared to how my ipad just works without a headache . for battery consumption issues , i disabled auto-update in google play as well as disabled auto-update in google currents and google magazine . seems they were downloading a lot of data in the background killing my battery life . anyways , now that i tinkered with it the overall experience is much better .
i had the same problem before with my nexus 7 . i changed the display sleep option in the settings and fixed it . it was set to 30 minutes and it drained the battery really fast .
you had have to find someone who is extracted it to an apk file , and side-load it onto your galaxy . this link gives a nice tutorial on how to side-load an app . probably the best place to start to find it extracted would be in the forums on xda .
this thread , while for the facinate , has the calendar files needed . you will have to delete ( backup them first ) the touchwizcalendar . apk and " original " calendarprovider . apk . then put the " stock " calendar . apk and calendarprovider . apk on the device . you will have to have root to do this since these files are in /system/app .
try using jorte . it offers several different views ( daily , weekly , monthly , agenda , tasks , etc . , and several different widgets for the different views . the widgets come in several different sizes too .
sometimes a damaged usb cable , low quality cable , or one that is too long can cause this as well . so perhaps make sure you are using the original cable that came with the device . also if you are using a usb hub with a desktop computer try plugging the cable directly into the computer instead .
i was having the same issue with kies . latest version of kies and latest usb drivers solved my issue .
it appears that there are some defects in your handset . so , there are no simple hacks or mends specifically apply to your situation . but here are some . . . suggestions on how you can recover from the error . . . and some tips to . . . diagnose the issue . . . as you have asked . try using a different sim card in your device . these kind of problems are often caused when the sim card does not contact the metal connectors on your phone . check your signal strength . when there is poor signal levels , some devices act wierd when they are have poor reception form the carrier . go to your mobile network settings and try switching between the different network modes available . if none of the above solved your problem , you should talk to your dealer/manufacturer ( and claim your warranty if applicable ) or its time to change the handset . option for updating your os to the latest ice cream sandwich is non applicable . your device do not have an official update available ( src )
i am suspecting , after reading the logcat and dump , the kernel killed off quite a few processes , whether its down to the rom itself , or a buggy ril ( radio interface layer ) , ril is responsible for communicating with the cellular radio base-band firmware . this is the excerpt from the kernel , showing dolphin , alarm clock , google voice ( ? ) getting killed off : this is the excerpt from the telephony , note the gap in time logged , last logged at 19:23:48.949 and 19:35:33.144 : further on in the log related to telephony : the nitz ( network identity and time zone ) crops up a fair bit too , as shown below within the same telephony log , iirc , nitz handling was not exactly great up to ics , in which a patch was made to handle the handling of the timezones ( either roaming when browsing the net or something awry went wrong with the ril : the telephony errors shown , are sticking out like a sore thumb , and also down to the fact that froyo 2.2 , is old , and may not be able to handle whatever issue is with at and t that causes it . also , at and t could have had their systems updated/upgraded , that is sending out extra telephony information/nitz in a format that froyo cannot handle and freezes . best bet would be to try a firmware update and see if that resolves the issue . prior to doing an update , since the handset is rooted , best to make a backup of everything , use titanium backup to backup user apps and data , use sms backup and restore to save the sms messages . it will be inevitable that the upgrade will lose root , but then again , it would be easy to do that after the upgrade .
does the phone allow you to enter airplane mode ? try enable then disable it . this may not completely solve the problem , but is a workaround for other phones that have similar issues .
link2sd only moves the app itself to your device 's sdcard . app data still go to internal storage ( /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . for every app you install , the android system automatically creates this directory – and i do not know of any app that does not put at least a few files here . for details , please take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki . it not only explains the different app2sd approaches taken ( including link2sd ) , but in " extended methods " also holds hints for a possible solution to your problem ( s2e ) .
audio routing would have to be set in the application code itself . however , direct audio routing is deprecated since api level 5 ( android 2.0 ) . older versions of android navigation had this direct audio routing set to the route_speaker in their application code . but the newer versions of android have a system wide flag set with setspeakerphoneon or setbluetoothscoon if it should use the speaker or bluetooth . i am afraid that you will not be able to change anything about your setup since it is all build into the system and application code . all sounds will be routed through the same audio output in the newer versions of android and android navigation .
i created an app named soundabout that will help this issue , if anyone else comes across this situation .
quick settings has a separate " notification volume " which for me controls all of my apps notifications ( although i have fb and twitter notification off at the source ) . another app i use is quick profiles for fast switching between preset profiles . this app also can control the " notification volume " . i have a specific profile set for when i sleep that turns off all notifications . another thing you could do is turn off autosync at night which is a toggle on the stock power widget . that way you had still get calls and texts but it would update any of your email or apps . for the record , quick settings can control the following volume levels : ringer volume notification volume media volume alarm volume voice call volume system volume as well as the master volume .
1 ) app notifications use the ringer volume for how loud the notification is played . 2 ) you could use an application like locale or tasker to automatically silence your ringer volume during the night . then you could create exceptions if you need for certain people to be able to call you during the night .
there are not any rules for this , so it is entirely up to the tablet in each particular case . i can give an example : the original asus eee pad transformer tf101 has a &lt ; 720p screen , and its hdmi output is a pixel-for-pixel mirror of the screen ( i.e. . the hdmi output is the same pixel size as the screen ) .
google now is not available in countries and languages as yet , so you may be in a country were it is not supported . you can still search on google 's homepage , or i suppose you could try a proxy or flashing your phone in such a way to make it believe it is somewhere else in the world were google now works
finally found the answer . i had four google accounts - one of them could not sync because it required domain policy to be enforced , and i had not allowed that . i connected the tablet to my laptop and used adb logcat to see what was being logged when the error was displayed : ( these messages were repeated several times ) . i guessed that the errant account may have been involved ( even though it was not the account i was trying to active now with ) , removed the account from the device and all is well .
google 's android device manager service can do all of that apart from the remote control , though unless your phone has a new enough os to have it installed by default ( instead of pulled down as part of the google services updates ) it is difficult to remove rather than impossible . find your lost phone with android device manager remotely lock android devices
making an app " impossible to remove " is , of course , impossible to accomplish . nothing is impossible to remove . for other features you are looking for , i would recommend looking into airdroid or cerberus .
technically , as a root user , you can achieve every exclusive thing what a custom rom offers . but , its not always as easy as replacing home launcher . what if you need to replace kernel for better overclocking support . . . a custom rom is actually pre-cooked out-of-box firmware packaging ( with specialized feature ) . remember , popular custom roms ( like cyanogen mod ) are generally backed by an expert developers team or community . so , even if you have expertise of doing every such things in your rooted device , its very difficult to match a team or community . and , do not forget those nasty bugs and security loopholes . . . the main advantage of custom roms : those who have expertise of doing everything with rooted device , generally cook their own rom . it is because custom roms can be deployed to multiple devices . think how you would port your customizations to other devices . . . its a big hassle than cooking own rom .
i have noticed in various roms some features which i have never seen implemented in applications ( not as smoothly ) . some concrete examples : whisper systems has a rom that implements " selective permissions " , which supply " blocked " applications with dummy data if a permission is denied . it also has " full disk encryption for your phone " which encrypts the whole device partition . cyanogenmod also has something like that implemented at the core , but an application can do almost the same . i have seen mods that add options to the menu that shows when the power button is pressed ( reboot , reboot in recovery , data transfer , . . . ) . this , i guess , can not be done with an app . better overclocking support , although it can be done with an app but does not support all devices after all . . . boot animation is often changed/removed with custom roms . customized notifications bar ( transparent or not , more or less options , different icons near the clock , . . . ) and ui ( dialogs for example and other form elements , etc . ) customized unlock screens , screen on/off animations , . . . this what i have seen so far . edit to my surprise , as @sachinshekhar pointed out in the comments , all this can be achieved with applications , so disregard this answer , i am leaving it for further reference , if someone turned out to not know about all this . . . ( like me )
two major cons to simply using a different launcher vs . a whole new rom : custom roms often offer a later version of android than is available for your device from a manufacturer or carrier . no amount of launchers will give you the newer functionality of latest os versions . very often removing manufacturer/carrier " bloat " is not as easy as deleting some apks from /system/app directory . in cases of custom uis such as samsung 's touchwiz , or motorola 's blur , or htc 's sense , many of their apps which replace stock core functions ( e . g . phone/dialer , contacts , etc . ) are interwoven with the system and each other in such a way that simply removing them may cause crashes or other system instabilities . installing 3rd-party replacements does not resolve anything , since these apps are always running in the background , using up valuable resources .
the problem was hardware related . wifi chip was changed in the service center . now it is working ok .
is it using a custom rom or a modified stock rom ? flashing djembey 's pre-rooted s4 roms has issues with wi-fi , esp . for those higher than MGA . they have a wi-fi fix , but i still encountered issues ( e . g . intermittent mobile data , loss of audio / sound ) . so , i downgraded back to mga . hopefully reading the thread in xda might give you some ideas . do share your answer if you find something useful , or a solution .
you will need apps like tasker or locale to perform the sort of action you want .
the spec sheet lists compatibility as " wireless internet wifi 802.11 b/g/n , wifi direct " . if it has a 5 ghz radio , it should list a /b/g/n . despite this , there are plenty of discussions around the net about getting the galaxy tab to work on a 5 ghz ap , so your problem may be something else .
possible answer ( untest ) galaxy tab 2 - 5ghz wifi support ? q . can anyone please confirm ? seems strange a new device does not support 5ghz ? a . if it is the same as the tab ver 1 it only works if the router is on a low channel in the 5400 mhz range . . . use 36 . . . the high channels at 5700 mhz do not work . [ more authorative later , i only bought my galaxy tab 2 ( 7.0 ) yesterday . ] update tested with router 5mhz set to channel 36 . still unable to connect .
a xda thread speaks about rooting micromax a87 ninja which seems to be quite easy and broken into following easy steps : preparation of computer which includes downloading jdk , sdk , adb driver and one click tool to root . connect the phone and run the root tool . i am skipping on rest of the details as the xda thread enumerates its details .
if you can access apx mode , you can restore a stock rom using easy flasher . the steps are the following : check if your asus transformer is supported . download easy flasher download the latest stock rom from asus website . copy the update zip to asusupdate folder ( inside easy flasher folder ) . open easy flasher and hit flash asus stock zip the application will install the stock rom back to your transformer , so from there you can root or install a custom rom without problems .
while playing around with the inf files , i found that the one supplied by sony actually does work , you only need to " force " windows to use it for your device . i am not sure if that has anything to do with the unsigned nature of the driver or that windows cannot verify that the driver is compatible ( see below ) , but it simply does not seem to accept the driver with sony 's inf automatically . i order to install the driver , i did the following : in the device manager , right-click on the S1Boot Fastboot entry and select Update Driver Software , then Browse my computer for driver software and Let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer . select Show All Devices , then Next . click Have Disk... and then Browse... to the android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver directory . then the Model list is populated with three entries , select the one called Android Bootloader Interface and click Next . click Yes on the Update Driver Warning message mentioning that windows cannot verify compatibility of the driver with the device . click Install this driver software anyway on the Windows Security message saying that windows can not verify the publisher of this driver software . after that , i was able to run fastboot commands on my device ( i only tried devices and reboot so far ) . on a side note , i found it interesting that you actually do not need any specific driver binaries such as dlls from sony and that the drivers supplied with the android sdk seem to be sufficient , except for the inf entries with the correct device ids .
i had the same trouble with my xperia z just 2 days ago , but the i found the flashtool-drivers package . this included drivers for several xperia devices , and i think for zr too . the download can be found here , and the post that lead me there is this one . i trusted this package since it is by a recognized member of xda , doomlord .
try currentwidget . it is a widget that you can configure to show not only the current but also the temperature and voltage . if that does not work , you could also look at android tuner free . look for the battery manager tab .
from the whatsapp site , the minimum requirements are android 2.1 , so even if you managed to find the apk and side-load it onto the g1 running 1.6 , it probably will not work . stable releases of cyanogenmod 5 ( android 2.1 ) and 6 ( android 2.2 ) are both available for the g1 . you can install whatsapp if you upgrade to cm 5/6 .
mybe this can help you : http://androidtrix.wordpress.com/2013/11/05/tasker-spotify-plug-load-and-play/ greetings
maybe . . . wavecontrol says it can control spotify and has tasker integration . i am not a spotify user , though , and it is much too late to check it out right now .
do not ask me how , but this worked for me : installed spotify , iheart and poweramp . disabled bt control for poweramp . disabled google play music . google now still works normally . using the action box extension , i stop all music by playing a 1 second mp3 of silence in poweramp . tasker 's play and next actions work fine with spotify or iheart . i have not figured how the phone decides which one to start . but i do not care :- ) hth
yes it is possible , but using tasker 's built in media control next will not work . for the action you need to use script --> run shell , and as the command enter " input keyevent 87" without quotes . this is the android api : https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html#keycode_media_next
the behaviour of the browser is perfectly normal . because opening a new internet connection takes a lot of power , after an app is finished with an http connection to a given server , android keeps the connection open a little while longer in case the app wants to download more from the same server . keeping the connection open while idle does not take any extra power . this fits well with the usual behaviour of web browsers : typically you download a web page , then all the images and c . for that page , an ajax request to the same site , and then a few minutes later maybe a new page from the same site . the servers you mention are very typical . amazon aws and akamai are content distribution networks . they are used to host many websites . people who run websites pay these companies to host static content and serve it to end users , which is good for you because it keeps internet latency down . when you visit ( say ) android.stackexchange.com, only the dynamic content comes from stack exchange 's servers , and the static content - images , fonts , etc . - might come from a server much closer to you , run by akamai or another cdn . other sites on your list are sources of " share " and " like " buttons , such as facebook , stumbleupon , and linkedin . every time you visit a page with the official facebook " like " button , the browser has to go to facebook 's server to download it . that is how facebook tracks you across different sites , but it is not the browser tracking you : it is the websites you visit . uninstalling your browser and switching to a different one will not make any difference . there is one last thing that seems to have added to your confusion : the " application details " screen in that app shows a log of which sites the app has connected to , not the sites that have open connections right now . that is why old connections are still shown in the list after you restart the device , and after uninstalling the app .
use the app " sync me " , it saves the contact pics of your facebook friends to your contacts .
i have used haxsync previously . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mots.haxsync there is also an xposed module which i now use instead , called xfbsync . this does all that facebook used to by itself , like syncs profile photos , and phone numbers . if you are able i would give that a go .
the number of areas you can pre-cache is limited by the amount of system storage you have available . it is important to note that the cache is stored in system storage , not the sd card . also , the stored data is the base map tiles and landmarks . you will not be able to get directions based on this downloaded data , but you can browse it offline and track your current location . the cached data expires and is deleted automatically after 30 days . if you are not able to refresh your offline data in that time , you may be in trouble . more data on the feature is available on the official google blog post .
microusb ports on phones are delicate and can be prone to losing a proper connection to the power on the circuit board if you are not ultra careful about making sure to not stress the connection point ( like having the phone plugged in and the cable is taut ) . my wife has already gone through 2 phones and a laptop due to using them while the power plug is stretched and basically over time causing the power connection to come off the circuit board . this sounds like the issue you are having and the only solutions are if you take the phone apart and re-solder the loose connection ( requires ultra fine soldering skills ) or take it in for repair and they will likely have to replace the mainboard .
open your car charger and at the back of the usb socket solder together the two middle contacts . these are the d- and d+ signals . most galaxy phones do not like an open circuit there , so now you have made a nice loop . info : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_serial_bus
the reason can be find in appbrain faq : 4 . i cannot find some apps , what is going on ? it always says " the requested item could not be found " . appbrain lists applications that are available in the us that are available for android version 1.6 and up for devices with a normal screen size . developers can restrict availability of apps by country , android version and screen size . this means that if you are not in the usa , have a device with a small screen size ( for instance the htc wildfire or tattoo ) , or when you are not on the latest version of android , you may often get the " not found " message from the android market . so , to give you an example , i am a developer and published an app on android market , that is restricted to france and germany , so users from those country will find it on android market , but not on appbrain , who lists only us applications .
try automateit . this app allows you to set up various triggers ( wifi enabled/disabled included ) and then assign actions like launching apps or toggling other settings .
the free llama app allows you to combine rules ( when connected to certain wlan ) with action ( then launch this app ) .
i am using vudu for my offline viewing on my samsung tablet . i am a newbie at this . i downloaded a few movies and then also used vudu to download my ultraviolet movie . it seems to work . my tablet is a little slow at first , basically thought it was not working then it popped up . flying to hawaii later , long boring sardine style flight so i hope it works . . .
or just buy them on dvd and use a program like handbrake or ifunia dvd ripper to rip them to the tablet .
android comes with a basic video player called " movies " , although it might not show in the application list for some devices . to use the built-in player , you need to use the gallery or a file manager to invoke the movies app on the movie file you want to play . alternatively there are many alternative movie players on the market . here are a few threads to get you started : mx video player moboplayer rockplayer qqplayer vplayer
droidtv primetime is the one that i find most useful . i was hoping to use netflix or lovefilm on a tablet - even if i had to go ipad - but offline viewing seems fundamental to the nature of these devices and yet completely unsupported .
the answer is similar to the one in this thread : asus transformer video playback to reiterate , make sure to download the codec pack from inside the app if you are using moboplayer . when you first install and open the app , there are two options , one to install the codec packs directly from the web or from the market . i find choosing the former works best .
it depends , some android devices have an advanced setting wifi sleep policy under Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Wi-Fi Settings -&gt; [Menu Button] Advanced -&gt; Wi-Fi Sleep Policy but i am not sure if this is a vanilla android feature or an manufacturer modification . at least the galaxy s series has this setting . data networks are usually fully active . but apps like tasker allow you to define certain profiles to improve battery life . for example : only allow 2g when the display is off , because 2g requires less battery then 3g ( umts ) .
i do not think it turns the wifi or data networks off . you can try by downloading an app from market and while it is downloading , turn off the screen . you can see that even after the screen is off , the download completes after some time . i am not sure exactly which app does this but you can try searching the market for such an app .
are you familiar with adb tools from the android sdk ? what you will need is logging from your device as a starting point . the easy way there are tools available ( apk 's ) that can be installed from the google play store to read out the logcat . the 2 first hits on google play look useful : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jtb.alogcat https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nolanlawson.logcat however this logcat is usually cleared on each reboot so that might not be your best option . the better way more information will be retrieved using command line tools like adb from the google android sdk . a quick step by step guide download android sdk from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ( if you are not planning to develop go for the " download for other platforms " > " sdk tools only " option on that page ) follow the installation instructions ( download , extract ) have your android device connected to your computer using an usb cable ( check if drivers are needed for your environment ) navigate to the platform-tools folder and execute the adb command with the following arguments : adb bugreport > bugreport . txt that should create a bugreport.txt file within you current directory . post that information here ( check for personal information first though ) . for more information about the adb tools check http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html
conclusion this is a programming error within the htc music app ( based on the package id ) . the best option is to report this error to the developers using the force close dialog . more details as a programmer i recognize the nullpointer exception thrown in the HtcMusicFragment at line 8905 . the package ( and class name ) indicate that this is an app from htc for music playing . since this code is closed there is no reason to look further into this yourself , even if you had the knowledge . let 's say it would be perfectly possible to decompile the app ( it is not ) and fix the nullpointer even then you would not be able to replace the app on your phone since this is a vendor app . that is without root . if you want to read about the nullpointer exception try this link stackexchange-url in short there is a method called on an object that has not been initialized properly . it is up to the programmer to check for these kind of issues . my advice go get a better music app on the google play store .
you can do this the old-fashioned way if you want to do one-time sync only : go to contacts and export to sd card . this will create a handy vcard file that will reside in the root of your sd card . most often this will be 00001.vcf or some such . from a desktop computer , go to gmail contacts and choose Import from the menu above . from the desktop you can add and edit your contacts much more easily than you would on the phone . however , i found syncing to be unreliable sometimes , especially with htc sence ( i had the stock rom previously on my htc desire ) -- i had to deal with duplicate contacts and mysteriously vanishing phone numbers on a few occasions .
as i noted in your other thread , your best bet is probably to manually set a web proxy server via the devices network settings that filters by keyword or whitelists . even if they do go to another person 's house or try to get on another network , they will be unable to browse ( especially if you are hosting the proxy server yourself on your own network ; in that case , they most likely will not be able to browse to anything at all ) . from wikipedia : in computer networks , a proxy server is a server ( a computer system or an application ) that acts as an intermediary for requests from clients seeking resources from other servers . a client connects to the proxy server , requesting some service , such as a file , connection , web page , or other resource available from a different server . the proxy server evaluates the request according to its filtering rules . for example , it may filter traffic by ip address or protocol . if the request is validated by the filter , the proxy provides the resource by connecting to the relevant server and requesting the service on behalf of the client . a proxy server may optionally alter the client 's request or the server 's response , and sometimes it may serve the request without contacting the specified server . in this case , it ' caches ' responses from the remote server , and returns subsequent requests for the same content directly .
this is not really manageable from a technical perspective ( you could go some way towards it by sorting out your own firmware , using something like cyanogen ) as we often point out over on security . stackexchange . com once an attacker ( in this case , your children ) have a device , they control it . so , my alternate course of action would be as detailed in this question over on parenting stackexchange - start off with visibility , using the devices together , and education - that will go much further towards making your children safe than any technical control you can implement . what i have done with my 3 ( now 5 , 9 and 11 ) was let them use computers in the main room while we were there ( aged 3 - 5 ) and then unsupervised until about 8 ( but knowing we would be walking in and out ) and over 8 year 's old i trust them not to be stupid . it helps that their dad is a security and privacy specialist who often provides awareness training in this area :- )
use opendns on your router at home . as long as they are accessing the internet from home then you can whitelist or greatly restrict what sites they can visit . i use opendns currently to restrict my children 's access with the browser on their nintendo 3ds . since it is at the router level it does not require any support at the device level . if they are accessing wifi outside the house then there is not much you can do - for example at the library . but they could just as easily use an unrestricted computer at the library instead of the restricted tablet . if you can remove the app store from the device , and then just manually install the apps you want them to use , that is probably the best way to go . you will be pretty close to a walled garden . additionally i would suggest you perform an " audit " on the devices weekly or at least regularly . check out what is installed , and look for any worrying activity , or lack of normal activity . also use that as a chance to talk to the kids about the devices and see if there are new apps they want you to get for them . if you install a new game or something every time you audit their tablets then they will be looking forward to it ! actual communication generally trumps technology .
the overall outlook is not so great for you , afaik . the market has content filtering , check the settings in the market app . for the browser , that is a wholly different kettle of fish . the built-in browser does not have any kind of filtering available . 3rd party browsers might , but they will be trivial to sidestep ( by simply opening the built-in browser ) . the next best thing you can do is filter the tablets at the router , if it allows for that . however , that is only useful when they are at home ( or other places where you can control their internet connection ) .
try using surelock and surefox . they will lock it down and give you a white list provisioning .
as best as i can tell on grepcode , functionality relating to walled gardens ( captive portals ) was added to WifiWatchdogStateMachine.java in 4.0.1 . i can not find it listed in the android api reference to confirm exactly when it was added , but that would seem to match with your nexus 10 having the feature but not your htc desire .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
regarding if the super amoled is inferior : android update 2.3.3 introduced a color temperature correction , which many users complain turned their screen color " ugly and yellowish " http://www.androidcentral.com/nexus-s-233-update-bringing-unwanted-screen-issues . the color change appears to still be present in the newer 2.3.4 update , and some have begun to suspect that the fact that not everyone is seeing this color change , may be related to which screen the phone has ; with the superamoled being associated with the yellowish color and the lcd not having the yellowish color .
try gremote , it is good for presentation , but difficult to configure
the clock do not have a specific name , although if i do need to mention them specifically , since the top bar is usually called the notification bar or status bar , i would probably call them notification bar clock or status bar clock .
i had this problem . apparently when you boot into recovery with the 3-button-method , you can not install zips . no idea why . solutions to try : enable Reboot into Recovery in power menu . first , enable Developer Options by going to Settings &gt; About phone &gt; tap Build number a bunch of times . then go to Settings &gt; Developer Options &gt; Advanced Reboot . then power down and select Reboot into Recovery . this option never appeared on the power menu for me . no idea why . use adb to reboot into recovery . enable usb ( android ) debugging via Developer Options . i gave root access to apps and adb also . plug device into usb port on laptop with adb . enter this into your terminal : adb reboot recovery  if you have not installed adb , i would try here first if you are on ubuntu or debian : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/doc:_adb_intro
my solution was to flash back to factory rom ( eh03 gingerbread ) . reinstalled cwm and su , then flashed cm 10.1 once more from sd card . cwm returns to boot option menu after install , at which point i installed gapps before rebooting into fresh flash of 10.1 - problem solved .
not sure if you managed to resolve this but i had the same problem and found a fix . first , i had to flash using rt4formatter , then mount /system and then flash the google apps . this worked for some of my google services but still missing google play and and other things . only gmail and calender were installed .
the " error mounting /system " line seems a bit off as i believe that is where the gapps update is applied . if you mount /system manually , what happens ? you will find the option at ' mounts and storage ' > '- mount /system ' if you are successful in mounting it , try installing the gapps zip file again .
do you aware of these , 20130812 md5: 5f22f046e37038a3856eeb825e73d4ed not compatible with 4.3 . x ! not recommended for 4.2.1 . does not include gallerygoogle , meaning no photosphere-equipped camera app . gmail added to package ( for those who could not download through play store ) and updated to 4.5.2-714156 . google+ added to package ( to fix location map tiles bug ) and updated to 4.1.0.50809204 . google play services updated to 3.2.25 . google play store updated to 4.3.11 . google search updated to 2.6.7.721924 . talkback updated to 3.4.0 . for more details please refer this link
you may have root , but that is not a root shell ( as evidenced by the $ prompt ) . you need to use su to switch to root before you can use mount . since the default target is the root uid , you can simply enter su and it should properly switch to root ( a # prompt ) . i think the reason it is failing is simply because you are running it as an underprivileged user .
you are not specifying the device to mount , only the directory so it is telling you that you are missing one of the required parameters . i believe that the busybox mount will let you get away with not supplying the device , if it can figure out the device to mount , but the " stock " mount requires that you supply both the directory and the device . you would have to do the following : # mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system or you could try the busybox mount # busybox mount -o remount,rw /system but you should always supply the device to mount , so there is no confusion or issue with mounting the wrong device .
have you tried using a third party app to get the contacts to pc ? here is an example https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.snappea , but there are more , pick one . install it using adb and then access your phone from pc . hope it helps .
as you have not mentioned your phone related information , i can share my view . when your phone is not responding or bricked then you can use your phone pc compassion or pc suite or whatever depends on what your phone model gave you . i own sony ericsson xperia mini pro . sometime back while installing another rom the phone bricked . i googled and read lots of articles to unbrick the phone . especially xda forum helped me in unbricking the phone . sony ericsson has seus ( sony ericsson update service ) . using this we can unbrick the sony ericsson phones . i am guessing the similar kind of set up is there in all the other phones also .
i hard bricked my phone yesterday when i went to flash a custom rom . i think i was trying to flash a rom for the wrong model or something , not sure . whatever , totally bricked . i had two options as i saw it : option 1 go to at and t , play dumb , and see if they would give me a new phone . ( it worked ) since it was hard bricked , they could not even turn it on , they simply gave me a new one . my default 1-year warranty covered it . option 2 send my phone into the mobile techs . they came highly recommended and said they could unbrick a hard bricked galaxy s3 ( my specific model ) .
email app if you are referring to the app named " email " , you do not have to make any adjustments , the subscription process is fully automated , i just test . ps : no options available on this application for that type of settings , perhaps the reason as to why its fully automated and by default in sync . gmail app if you are referring to the gmail app , you need to : open the app tap your device " menu " tap " more " , then " settings " tap your account scroll down until you find " sync inboxes and labels " , and tap a list should appear with all your folders , tap over the ones you need to sync and select the desirable option .
someone posted a how-to recently to do exactly what you are asking for . you will need a few tools to get started here , and luckily they are available for windows , mac , and linux . this method uses dropbox and picasa3 to keep things synced up , and a side benefit is that photos are available from anywhere -- not just the device that took them . to get started , you need to install the dropbox client on your home computer . if you already have a dropbox account , you can use the same login and you will find that having dropbox installed on your computer is a good thing anyway . just visit this link and download the correct version for your computer platform . install it , and you are done with the first step . next , you will need to install the picasa3 program from google . it is a pretty good photo organizer and viewer , but what we are interested in is the way it can sync a folder to your google+ photos . this is where the magic will happen . visit this link and download the appropriate version , and install it . windows and mac users have it easy , but if you are running linux you will need to install wine 1.3 or higher , and use winetools to install the bits from ie6 to get the account oauth working . there is plenty of tutorials on the net for this , and if you hit a snag , holler at me . got those installed ? good . you are just about finished . the next step is to visit instadrop and setup the instagram to dropbox sync . instadrop is a web-app , running on google 's appspot engine , and is what makes this all work . you will link the instadrop app to both your instagram account and your dropbox account , and anytime you post a picture to instagram it will get copied to a folder named " instagram photos " . all you need to do is link your accounts , and the app does the rest . you can do that here , and if you are the suspicious type , you can inspect the source code on github and see exactly what is going on . a couple final steps setting up picasa and your google+ album . open the picasa program , and click file > add folder to picasa . in your dropbox folder , find the instagram photo directory ( if it is not there , upload a picture to instagram to create it ) in the tree and mark it to " scan always " ( the blue circular arrow ) . this means that picasa will hit that folder each time it scans for new content , and automagically import any pictures it finds . click the ok button . now in the picasa program , look in the upper right . you will see a spot to sign-in with your google account . do that , and make sure the sync to web switch for the instagram photos folder is set to on . open your google+ page , and make sure the instagram photos album is set up to be shared with the folks you want to share it with , and that is it . what is happening is that anytime you post a picture to your instagram stream , the instadrop web-app pushes it to the instagram photos folder in your dropbox . when your computer is on , picasa uploads it to your google+ album . is it perfect ? not by a long shot . but it is a way to get that content merged without waiting for google to have a public api for content posting and sharing on g+ from third party apps . note that these pictures are not shared to your google+ stream be default . until we get some sort of g+ api from google , that is not going to happen ( at least not easily ) . but if you share your album , people can visit and check them out , and of course you can easily share a photo from the album yourself . click on it and hit the share button in the bottom right .
you can use ifttt ( if this than that ) and setup a recipe that auto posts from instagram to a specific picasa album online . this does not require you to leave anything open . then you can set your instagram album in google+ to be public . you will need to follow the directions found here . the only thing i have not figured out yet is how to share something to my timeline whenever a new post arrives into that album .
certainly android is developed by google , so he make a stipulation into it that the android users had to have google account to make it work . so just make it one ; )
hold down the task manager button and it will show the application menu .
i would suggest using iptables . you can find more about theme here - definitely take a look into simple usage example . https://help.ubuntu.com/community/internet/connectionsharing the only one problem is that iptables binary is not really built-in into android . but hey , they came up with solution already http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=444004 so you can even use the example from ubuntu help now !
i unlocked my htc one by " other means " and had no problem with updating/rooting/roming , so i would expect the same for you .
there is a 50-50 possibility of getting the phone locked because if the seller has unlocked through the proper way ( legally ) then you can go ahead and update your o . s else if your seller has unlocked by other means then definitely the phone will get locked to the carrier with which it has the contract with ( here verizon ) . i suggest you to get in contact with your device supplier and ask him his mode of unlock . an unlock never comes free of cost although some sites offer a legal unlock . the same thing is what observed in other mobile os ( like ios ) if you have unlocked it by other means and have updated your device then the phone gets locked to the carrier with which it was sold and you need to unlock it again .
with tasker you can automate this to have different screen time-out values depending whether or not your phone is connected to a power source : create a new profile and name it " screen timeout " . for context select State -> Power -> Power . select " any " for source and press the ok button . tap " new task " , name it " increase timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is connected to a power source . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . long-press the " increase timeout " action and select Add Exit Task option . tap " new task " , name it " decrease timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is running on battery . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . ensure the tasker is enabled by toggling it on ( switch at bottom-right corner ) and then tap the " ok " button . you should be all set . if you want to get fancy , you can add actions to both tasks to display toast messages .
install widgetsoid and add it is toggle widget Stay Awake on homescreen . just , turn it on and your screen will never timeout as long as the device is under voltage .
there is an option to keep your screen lit while charging , try : Settings -&gt; Developer Options -&gt; Stay Awake
you may want to try any power widget for eg . like this one . you can place the widget on your home screen and use the " always on " toggle to keep your phone always on during charging .
just disconnect your network , and try again . its a network gateway error id .
according to the list of status codes at wikipedia , a 504 error means the following : 504 gateway timeout the server was acting as a gateway or proxy and did not receive a timely response from the upstream server . in other words : the culprit should neither be ( on ) your device , nor ( at ) google play -- but in between . a thread on the nook forum describes the very same problem , and one of the conclusions there is : generally , that means a gateway error and i would suspect the problem being on the router end rather than the nook side . sometimes a router reset will cure it . which corresponds to my conclusion . so if you are using mobile data , it might help to switch data off and on again ( or better : switch to airplane mode and back ) , in the hope you will get a connection into a different segment of your provider 's network ( and thus a different gateway on that end ) . funnily , the very same issue comes to a very different conclusion on yahoo answers : here the user had not enough space on his device , so after removing some other app it suddenly worked . i suspect this was a co-incidence ( when he tried again after having freed up space , the gateway was " fixed" ) -- but it cannot hurt to check for that . several more sulutions might pop up with the time . to me it proved helpful to search google for '"google play " " error 504"' .
setting the phone into airplane mode and back did the trick for me . so it most likely was indeed the gateway issue . tip though . dont just turn it on then off . wait about 60 seconds before you turn airplane mode off again . if you just toggle it , it picks up the same gateway .
try resetting the play store app . you will not lose your apps following these steps . nothing important will be lost . steps to follow on a motorola xoom go to the app drawer ( menu ) tap settings tap applications tap the " all " tab scroll through and look for play store tap play store ( not play store services ! ) tap " clear data " you will then get a warning , click " ok " that is it , go through your problem again and see if it fixed . bear in mind you will have to re-accept the terms and conditions for the play store app , when this comes up , simply click " accept "
yes , the nexus 7 allows the installation of 3rd party apps . settings/security/unknown sources
what you are asking is officially known in the android community as sideloading . the most " difficult " thing is to get a copy of the apk file of the app you wish to install , as you are bypassing the google play store . a very good comprehensive and informative article written recently on september 15th 2012 for make use of entitled " how to manually install ( “side load” ) apps on your android device " by d . stieben will give you additional insight into what you wish to achieve .
i have been googling this problem for a few days now . it appears to be based in some startup bug wherein the launcher app scans for existing applications before the sd card ( internal or external ) is mounted . first off , use filemanager or equivalent to look at your sd card 's contents . if you see some grey icons with the app names or " com . [ appname ] " , then you are suffering from this bug . there are a variety of work-arounds posted in various forums -- too many for me to provide links here . rumor has it that ics 4.04 and jellybean may have fixed the bug . in the meantime , you might want to try link2sd and/or cautious use of tools like app2sd which promise to tell the user which apps should not be moved .
if you do not want to muck about wirelessly , why not just take the sd card out of your phone and insert it into your pc ? you can then fiddle with files to your heart 's content .
install astro file manager with astro bluetooth module . go to networks page of astro file manager ( using toolbar ) and tap bluetooth icon . on next screen , turn on bluetooth and check OBEX FTP Server . after pairing , use bluetooth software on pc to browse file system of device ( almost all software work as obex ftp client ) . you can copy an entire folder from device to pc . done !
open bluetooth settings , go to shared folder tab , check box for ' allow remote devices to change content of shared folder ' . enjoy ridiculously fast file sharing .
i wrote an app called soundabout . the pro version has a phone call audio setting called " wired headphone " and " wired headset ( with mic ) " . if you use the " wired headphones " setting , it will keep the phone 's built in mic while routing phone call audio to the car speaker .
look for vlc player on google play . then , install vlc your pc , and read this article .
i guess there is : webcam free consists of an app for your android device , plus a server component to be put on your computer . from the apps description , this could do what you want ( did not try it myself , but it is certainly worth a look ) . i linked the free version ; a paid version is available for about 1.50 euro . if that does not do ( or you do not like the idea of a pc component ) , you might give a try to cloud spy cam ( it also has a demo available on the play store ) . sounds even more promising ( i would say this is exactly what you are looking for ) . but since all good things are three , a third option is ip webcam , which " turns your phone into a network camera with multiple viewing options . " so now , happy play !
the samsung galaxy siii does not have fastboot mode , unfortunately . instead there is a " download " mode for flashing with a proprietary windows/mac app called odin . ( source )
i have ended up installing mobile odin and just performing a recovery with the clockwork mod if the kernel kills the phone ( which is all i have managed to do so far ) thanks for your help
i suggest you ask carrier reps in the area you are concerned about , as i am not aware of another way to get the information you are asking for . as others have mentioned , there are many factors that go into how well a phone will pick up , let alone how it will pick up in a certain area/location . i used to work for verizon and this was a question we got a lot . what i can tell is that , at least for the location i worked at , we knew which phones picked up well and which ones did not . if we had customers that lived in the country/rural area there were certain phones we would try to steer them away from . however , if the customer was not going to be in the country then that same phone may have been fine . of course , as new phones launched we would eventually learn how they performed in different areas , so the information was constantly evolving . having to help technologically challenged customers troubleshoot signal issues was a great incentive to learn which phones worked the best ! certain phones gained reputations for being great or horrible when it came to signal . you did not want to sell an elderly customer a phone with bad reception unless you wanted them to pay you many angry visits in the near future ! all that is to say that you should spend some time asking people in the area who sell phones . i personally try not to venture into carrier stores too much , but this is one area where you may be able to get some help from carrier reps . dealing with as many phones as they do they are in a unique position to know which ones work the best in their area .
have you tried using appbrain http://www.appbrain.com/ it has all the apps from the android market but it also lets you push installs from your computer .
if you can download from your pc without stalling* , you can then copy the .apk over to your phone and open/install from the file-system . *q : how to initate android download in a pc browser ? a : i do not know , but it is possible for other markets , anyway )
in case of android browser ( aosp ) and chrome there is an option called request desktop site . this can be accessed via the options menu for the browser . that would change the browser user-agent to desktop and display the website as displayed on pc . but this has to be done for each tab i believe , there is no permanent solution .
i try deleting all file associate with the app ( apk , settings , etc ) i can now install the app . seems like residue files are the culprit .
clearing logcat can not make any difference to your storage problem . the logcat output is stored in a ring buffer , so it has a fixed size , and the ring buffer only exists on ram : it is not written to the storage at all . see the frequent questions under the insufficient-memory tag for what to do when your phone storage is getting full .
launcherpro preferences notes : here 's one to get us started that i took from fede 's forum post . it opens up the launcherpro preferences screen . form fields : action : android . intent . action . main package name : com . fede . launcher class name : com . fede . launcher . launcherpreferencesactivity
the issue turned out to be the driver . i went onto samsung 's website and re-downloaded the usb driver and re-installed it . everything went fine .
on my android 4.3.1: open maps from your phone pull the menu select settings edit home or work
easier solution : click the button on the top left next that says " maps " select " my places " there is the button for " home " tap and hold to get the option to edit it
if you had like to do this on a desktop , you can go to maps . google . com , login with your google account and click My Places on the left . this shows your current home and work address along with a little location history , and you can find Edit under the dropdown menu next to each entry .
what about going to http://contacts.google.com , log in , and then edit the information about yourself  ? in particular , you can edit your postal address and indicate it as your home address .
i finally figured out how to do this and thought i would explain ( since it is not very obvious ) . open up google maps or latitude click on yourself ( the tag that shows your name , last update time , and city ) you should be able to click a Location history option with the history open , click the settings button in the lower right corner there are options to change your home and work addresses ! hope this helps someone in the future .
i had the same problem but did not see the described gui on my galaxy s3 . so here 's how i did it : opened up google maps if on the routes/navigation screen , hit the back button until you return to the default map view with a search bar up top . the search bar should have 2 icons on the right : one for routes/navigation , and one that looks like a user icon . click the user icon . the screen should now have your full name up top , your user image next to the number of reviews you have written , and directly below that , your home and work addresses . tap and hold on the address you want to edit . a new screen should appear with a search box up top , but there should be a home or work icon on the very left of the search box . simply type or search for your correct address and then hit " done . " alternate method again , open up google maps and hit the " back " button , if needed , to return to the default maps view . hit the " menu " button on your phone or just tap the little menu tab at the lower left corner . this should cause a menu to slide out from the left . tap the " settings " option and then tap " edit home or work " . then simply tap on the one you want to edit .
no , you cannot restore your text messages even if you know the phone number . if you did not backup your phone with gmail , you can not get the backup because the text message are stored in phone 's memory or sim , not the sd . so , i think it is possible to get them back .
yes , its possible , from your desktop pc , go to play store , and install androidlost remotely to your handset . at this point , a caveat emptor is needed : provided you have 3g data switched on , it will remotely install on to the handset and also there is sufficient battery power read the starting page by visiting the main androidlost . send the text " androidlost register " ( without the quotes ) to your number of the handset that is stolen . there is a box in the upper right hand corner of the page , click on sign in , using your google account , if doing this for the first time , you will be prompted for androidlost to have permission to access your google account , as they are both tied into it together . the message will appear - " waiting for phone to be registered . " , please be patient . wait for a while , sign out and sign back in , eventually , from there , you can remotely control the handset via that same website and fingers crossed it will have a happy ending . good luck : )
just installed viber on my samsung galaxy s4 ( android 4.2.2 ) , and i can find an exit menu via More Options &gt; Exit .
the app-like icons are most probably thumbnails saved in system for various images . what you can do , is image copy program to only look for image files in specific folders ( e . g . dcim folder on sdcard ) , as now it seems image program is scanning android phone for all images to copy them . other than that , different applications can be creating those thumbnail files and they are here to speedup browsing of image files on your phone . i do not think there is any uniform way of disabling these across android system and applications , thus you should try setting up software which downloads images .
ok , i think the answer to your question is that pandora 's stream is never more than 64 kbps for mobile devices , whereas google music uses 320 kbps mp3s and there is no downsampling . that is 5 times the amount of data , assuming pandora does not use a better format than mp3 . since google music transcodes your files , i do not think you have much of an option here .
after new problems on other devices , i decided to reset my livebox . there is no problem anymore ! my phone can connect to the wifi : )
the simple answer is yes there are usually multiple versions of each custom rom . if not the rom may be only usable on some devices . usually for each device model ( or group of very similar devices ) there is one custom rom version . the reason are the different hardware each device is equipped with . like in your desktop computer each component needs a suitable driver for being used . this starts with the display which sometimes even changes from model revision to revision and ends with wlan chip used . as space and memory are significant on a smartphone a custom rom only contains the drivers needed . another reason for having different custom roms are the different cell phone standards . you have devices built for gsm/umts and some are designed to work with cdma . the telephony stack has to be either the one or the other - again a reason for different roms .
rom here would mean firmware , which would be the android os in the device . and like robert has said , with varying hardware specifications across the devices , the rom needs to be modified to include the respective hardware drivers so that every functionality of the phone works fine . also not every phone may be supported by custom rom developers . forums like xda-developers . com may have more information about the rom 's available for your phone .
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
to answer my own question - here 's a different approach to achieve this ( google-only contacts ) ensure all required android contacts are synced to google export the contacts to csv on a computer delete all contacts from the android ( that'll be both " phone " and " google" ) import the contacts from csv to google google will then sync to the phone kind of obvious in hindsight . hope this benefits the community in some way !
this is the procedure i use on my phone ; hope there is something similar for yours : on the samsung vibrant ( also android 2.1 ) when i open the contact , there is an entry for linked contacts that shows both the google contact and the phone contact ( and a sim contact if you have one ) . if you select that , you get a new screen showing the linked contacts ; each one has a - button next to it to unlink it from the others on that screen . go back to the main contacts list and you should have two entries for that contact -- delete the one with the phone icon next to it .
it refers to anything that is peculiar to the android platform or its software stack , any behavior , quirk , style , or ui thingy characteristic of android .
the following are steps to follow in order to discover the app which might bug you . these below steps will also help you to find any application installed on your device is a bugging app or not . 1 . download the permission checker application from the play store . 2 . download any keyboard application which ever is reputed based on the ratings and which suits your needs . ( do not forget to read the privacy policy as most of the users never read is the big and important privacy policy , do not install any app with many one word reviews as these are normally suspicious ) 3 . later open the permission checker app and check what kind of permissions is the app requiring . in the app you will also get a brief 1-2 line description for the type of permission used by the application . if you see any irrelevant permission to the app or you find it suspicious then you can un-install it . last but not the least if you still do not understand the description given by the permission checker app then you can google the permission in your local language which shall give you the complete description . you can not completely avoid the privacy of your app as it also depends on the type of internet connection you are connected and the level of security it has ( i.e. . the wpa2-psk is the most preferred connection in terms of wireless but wep will still do the bit ) , if the device itself is bugged then your are possibly being eaves dropped .
the new way playstore lists permissions on install and update make it difficult at best to see what an app requests permissions for . while before that change , one saw at least those ( but still did not know what the app would do with them ) , now even that possibility is gone for good – except if you want to go to the website all the time to check manually . the rant aside : as thanh already pointed out , a keyboard app by definition has access to everything you type ( or would be useless otherwise ) , so there is pretty much no way from this approach . the only thing you could check for is one that does not request any network permissions . no absolute safety though , as it could use other means of transporting data from your device – so a little risk is always left . on my site there is a possibility to search for apps by permission , but the app list there is far from being complete ( my database has just a little more than 10.000 hand-selected apps recorded ) . a search for keyboard apps without the internet permission a.o. turned up multiling – an app which thanh already recommended to you , and which has support for vietnamese , and its sister-app multiling o keyboard requesting even less permissions ( just the basic ones a keyboard app must have : read and write the user dictionary , plus one harmless : vibrate ) . but be welcome to check for yourself !
you can not . a keyboard , by nature , is required to know everything you type , including your account credentials . your best bet is to select keyboard coming from top developers . my favorite ? multiling keyboard , supports multiple languages ( including vietnamese ) , highly customizable , the only keyboard i know of that does not require internet permission ( so the keyboard can not send what you are typing on the fly ) . some other popular keyboard that support vietnamese includes swiftkey ( free ) , swype ( paid ) . as for vietnamese products , laban is fine ( comes from vinagame i think ) , gotiengviet also was used by hundreds of thousands users without any incident .
well , according to kik officials they do not have logout feature . but you can force a logout by resetting the app but the downside is this is going to wipe your conversation history . so , rest i would leave it to you to decide wether to remain logged in and keep draining the battery or force a logout by resetting the app .
if it uses push notifications , it does not drain your battery . that is the whole point of push : the app does not need to be running at all . instead , the app is started by android ( specifically , by the google cloud messaging service ) when a message arrives .
this answer shows that you can capture touch input from the raw device ( `/dev/input/event2' ) to a file , and then play it back whenever you like . you could then automate an event to play back the captured touch input each time you want to scroll .
the bar-coded boarding pass ( bcbp ) code is common for flight tickets . there could be other codes too , but there does not seem to be any app for it yet . mails also have different codes . the us seems to be using intelligent mail barcode ( im barcode ) . imb reader can be used for this . bottomline : there are several possibilities for the codes . you need to check first what code an airline or postal service is using . then , check if there are apps for it .
you cannot expand your ram to sdcard ! instead you could create swap space in sdcard . you could use applications like swapper from google play store . the device must be rooted to do that . swap space may not be as fast as ram .
i have done this and was a bit worried about the low internal memory that is left . i added the app " app2sd " from the marketplace and it looks at your apps and tells you which can be saved on the sd card instead of the internal memory . this has meant that almost all of my apps have now been moved onto the sd card , freeing up space in the memory for apps that can not be moved .
quite a few people dual boot nook colors ( internal vs sd card ) . take a look at this xda thread on running cm7 on the sd card ( for the nook color ) and this thread about booting from sd card performance . in short , it really depends on the read/write abilities of the sd card you use . a crappy sd card is going to give crappy performance . ( sorry for the specifics to nook color , but in general , it should be similar )
hey guys im running android on my sd card on the htc hd 2 without a single glitch but after trying out several builds of android . i finally got one that works just fine and i have not had any problems with it running on my sd card . performance and speed is super . all my mails are poped ( thats three mails ) . im really happy with it . and like bryan said it also depends on the read/ write speed of your sd card and he is right coz i had that exact problem i used a bad sd card till i got a proper one . so the sd card quality really daz matta too .
i installed nexushd yesterday on my hd2 with datatoext and must say , it is not slower but at least a bit faster than before , when i installed it only on nand ( internal space ) . but the performance depends on the class of the sd card . if you have an sdcard greater than class 6 you are good to go , beneath there , you should buy a better one ( 8gb class 10 is really cheap , even the top manufacturer ) . but you should format your card for that . to know how , use this tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=916464
for what i understand from your question , you have the android rom installed on the internal memory of your phone and you are running out of space . if this is the case , have you tried to partition the sd card and use some tool like s2e to increase the amount of available memory without moving the rom to the sd card ? in my case i have a phone with 512mb of internal rom and when i install a custom rom , it leaves me about 100mb to install applications . in order to increase this amount of available rom space for applications i partitioned the sd in 2 primary partitions , one 512mb ext3 and one fat with the rest of the space on the sd card . with the partitions and the phone rooted i installed an app called s2e that allows your phone to use the ext3 partition on your sd card to install applications . with this configuration i maintain the base system ( android and google applications ) on the main rom of the phone , while all other applications are installed on the ext3 partition of the sd card , giving me more room for applications and avoiding the inconvenient of having to move all the android system to sd card .
i have run android from nand and from the sd card . in general performance was better running from nand . however i was recently using american android on sd and performance was fine . sense based roms still seem to drag running from sd but non sense roms now seem ok . you can test it out without blowing away your current install . just download a magldr rom , put it in the android folder on the sd card , reboot into magldr and tell it to boot android from sd . also , use a quality sd card , not a no-name one . makes a big difference .
according to this article there is a dev over at xda by the name of darkstone1337 who built a custom rom built on android 2.2 which is designed to run entirely from a htc hd2 's ram . they claim it is super fast . i know it is not precisely what you are looking for , but i would read into that and give it a shot if you are so inclined .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . now you have set up your phone to connect to your computer correctly . from here on , it depends on which rom you wish to install . this is an excellent video tutorial that covers installing custom roms and rooting , and as said in the update , many roms with instructions can be found on xda . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help ! update : this is a method to install updates to your phone . as far as specific roms to install , xda and google can be very helpful . as soon as you find one you like , go for it : )
system apps can not be installed without root . only updates to existing system apps can be installed , and they do not actually reside in the /system partition ; the original app is kept there , which allows you to uninstall updates separately . so a factory reset will remove any updates , but not the original app .
it sounds to me like a syncing problem of some kind . i have on occasion read examples of people having different sync problems with the droid 2 . if all your sync settings are set correctly as i outlined in the comments above and you are still having problems you can try the following . some of them involve setting up and using another google account . im not recommending that you abandon your google account , they are just steps to finding the problem . you can always switch back later : clear the calendar 's data . . . from the home screen : Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar - click " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar Storage - click " force stop " then " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar - click " force stop " then " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . now open the calendar . you may need to set it up again . if that does not work then move on to . . . add a second google account . . . from the home screen go to Menu &gt; Setttings &gt; Accounts &amp; Sync and choose " add new account " and go through the steps to add another google account and then sync that accounts calendar . see if that one can reliably work . also , see if your original calendar is working right now . now try removing the 2nd account and see if the original is working . if that does not work then . . . reset the primary google account . . . check out this post . first try resetting it and using the same info , then try changing it to a different google account . if that does not work . . . reset back to the factory state . . . perform a hard reset then set everything up from scratch . i do not really know what else to do if that does not work . alternative calendars . . . for alternative calendars i have tried touch calendar and pocket informant . i have not tested them extensively but i have not seen any problems . that being said , i do not have any problems with the native calendar . also , i have read that users do experience sync problems with both of those apps so i think it is going to be a matter of trial and error for you to find an alternative that works .
very simple solution is available . i also faced same problem . i uninstalled virtually everything but no help . i could not even get sms . finally got a very simple solution . here are the steps open keypad type *#9900# dial choose " copy to sd " from sysdump menue ( make sure sd has enough space , upgrade or delete music or any . . . ) you will get " copy success " now u can install software
first a little explanation on the storage ( you might also check the tag wiki of the storage tag for a short introduction ) : why can not i use the free space available at /system ? the /system partition holds the often so-called " rom " , i.e. the android core system ( including the pre-installed apps , see bloatware ) . by default , it is mounted read-only for several reasons ( including " security " , so no app can tamper with anything here -- and the user cannot accidentally render the system unusable ) . this is also why a factory reset will present you with a " virgin system": it will not touch this read-only partition . being mounted read-only makes it clear you cannot write things onto this partition -- which answers the question why you cannot make use of the " free space " it has . you might wonder why a read-only partition then is not " sized appropriately " -- but it is : it just takes into consideration that additional space might be needed for a system update . future android versions might ( and most likely will ) need more space , also providers might want to add more bloatware . . . why is there so little space at /data ? to put it in simple words : 180mb is all that was left after taking away the ~200mb for /system . the galaxy mini s5570 is not a high-end device . and before you ask : no there is nothing you can do to increase the amount of overall storage available to /data ( at least nothing easy -- though some geeks might think of creating a bigger partition on the sdcard and mount it as /data , this is nothing simple and also not without side-effects ) . what can be done ? nothing much . if your device is rooted , you could think of using a bigger sdcard ( your device supports up to 32gb ) , and moving stuff over there with things like link2sd or even data2sd . you can regularly clear your apps ' caches and do some other cleanup . or you can simply go for a new device which offers more storage ( and more ram , and a faster cpu ) . i know it is not very satisfying that a device , just being 2 years old ( the s5570 was released to the market in february 2011 ) already is unable to keep up with daily needs . but unfortunately , 180mb storage ( and 384mb ram ) really is not much to play around . . . so all that currently remains is to refer you to the most faqs of the " insufficient storage " tag to find a solution until you can get yourself a new device . see especially : how can i get rid of the low disk space notification ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? how can i deal with “low on space” messages on my htc incredible ? how can i free up more space on my android ( 2.2 froyo ) phone ? “insufficient storage” when trying to install new app
you might want to take a look at sharegps : sharegps allows you to use your mobile 's gps just as you would an external one for your pc . it has the ability to send gps status strings out over bluetooth using virtual com ports and over usb using tcp ports . then you can use your favorite mapping program such as google earth to display current gps position and to produce tracks . ( emphasis is mine ) there is a user 's guide available explaining how to set it up on a linux or windows system . if your notebook is a mac , there is nothing said on that here . there is also a thread over at the xda developers about simultaneous wifi-direct and gps-via-usb tethering which might be worth a look ( even if it is only for the gps-via-usb part for you ) . if you wonder what that might use for the gps part -- umm , above mentioned sharegps it seems . so this might count as an additional how-to for that said solution .
looks like all you need is here ; http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1085725 there you can download the kernels , and the scripts and lordmodue app to use them .
if those problems started right away after the update : did the update process include a factory-reset ? if not ( and nothing else helps ) , this might be your chance : backup all things you can backup ( luckily on jb that is not too big an issue , see full backup of non-rooted devices -- but i recommend to have all your apps into separate packages , as otherwise a full restore might bring back your problems ) . then do a factory-reset . before restoring anything , check if your problems are gone . then restore your apps one-by-one ( just to make sure to not bring back the problem ) . as for the backup process : check with helium - app sync and backup , this is the easiest way to go . you can mark all your apps , make sure to check that .apk files are included ( by default , helium only backups data ) , and give it a go . helium creates separate backup archives per-app , so you can restore them separately . make a copy of the backup folder to your pc , just in case -- if restoring via helium should fail for any reason , this still gives you the chance to use adb restore via usb . background : it might very well be that some settings got messed up on update . a factory-reset will erase all your apps and data , plus the dalvik-cache ( optimized app code -- this might be the culprit if it does not 100% match the new android version ) , so all settings revert to " default " . your android system rom ( jellybean ) will not be reverted to what you had before , so no worries for that : )
you can not . and you should not . samsung 's proprietary touchwiz interface , has the hability to change fonts that are distributed as apk files and can be installed like any other app . i am not aware of any other manufacturer that integrated this feature into their device . it is also a bad idea to change the fonts . if they have different x-height parts of the letters may get cut . they may not have some special characters that the system or an app expects so boxes or nothing will show up in it is place . legibility can also be an issue . there are fonts that do not have any of these issues , but they are rare and are mostly the same type as the system font , so you will not notice much improvement .
i think your hboot needs to be upgraded , and it sounds like perhaps you did not run the ruu to do so . the htcdev site notes that phones with an asterisk ( * ) next to them in the list must run an ruu before unlocking because the bootloader on the device did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities . so first you need to make sure your firmware is up to date ( which it sounds like it is ) , and then you also need to download and run the ruu : before beginning the unlock bootloader process your product requires that you update the rom to the version listed in the table below first , then download the ruu next to it to enable the unlocking capability . the ruu 's filename itself also seems to confirm this . it is listed as PC4910000_Buzz_Froyo_hboot_1.02.0000_R3.exe , indicating ( to me , anyway ) that you need hboot v1.02.0000 in order to perform the unlock .
if your phone is stuck in recovery mode , you can try these steps to force it to boot to android : remove the battery , wait a couple of minutes , then put the battery back in . turn on phone and see if it still boots into recovery mode . if it does still boot into recovery mode , hold down " volume up " button and then press the power button . the recovery menu should appear ; using the volume buttons to move the cursor , select " reboot system " and press the power button to select it . if it still boots to recovery , go into the recovery menu again and select " factory reset/wipe data " . your phone should be reset back to factory defaults and boot properly . if none of this works , most likely it is a hardware issue and you will need to get the phone itself looked at by a technician .
add the power control widget ( available by default in android 2.1+ for most phones ) or a similar wi-fi toggle app to your home screen . ( long press on the home screen , widget , power control . ) that usually fixes it for me .
your emails might be set up as " auto resend " . go into email options , and select none .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
as you have already figured , a built-in solution is : open the contacts app on the " old device " in menu → import/export , chose to export copy the resulting 0001.vcf file to your " new device " on the new device , open the contacts app and chose to " import " from menu → import/export hint : take care there is enough free space available on the " exporting " device ( file might get large , as contact pictures are stored inside it as well ) . you might not always get a warning when storage runs full , but instead end up with some " incomplete export " , which then cannot be imported on the other end . now for the second part : why did not they sync automatically ? first , there are a few different " storages " to be considered : on sim google contacts these two are available on all devices . depending on device and rom , there might be additional " storages " , e.g. exchange pc suite assuming you are speaking of google 's sync : that only takes care for google contacts . as the pc suite would only cater contacts in pc suite to sync them with its desktop counterpart , and exchange would not care for anything but exchange contacts ( you would not want your personal contacts appearing in your company 's address books , would you ? ) . sim contacts are a very special case : nothing cares to sync them anywhere . i am not even sure whether import/export is touching them . so as parts of your contacts have been stored as " lg pc suite contacts " , these have not been sync'd with google ( and your " google contacts " not with lg suite ) , which explains the miss .
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
go to www.google.com and sign in . click settings in the top right corner . then click on " dashboard view data stored with this account " . this will take you to your dashboard . scroll down and you can manage contacts . the only group names you can edit are the ones you created yourself . the default google ones are not editable .
i have to agree with gathrawn , that using gmail to transfer your contacts and calender items is probably the best way . but there is an imho easier solution to get your data from the nokia phone to gmail : nokia 's mail for exchange together with google sync . google provides a couple of help topics to get you going .
by far the easiest way to transfer anything contacts related to an android phone is via gmail . when i moved from an old nokia phone to my android htc magic about a year ago , i downloaded and installed the nokia suite of tools for my phone from the nokia website , installed them , copied my contacts into the nokia suite app on the pc , then did an export from the nokia suite contacts app to a csv file . i remember seeing the noklia-only nbu format as an optin , but if you are in the contacts-only part of the suite it should also allow the csv export ( as this is also the easiest way to do a one-off import to other apps like outlook ) . at that point you can go into gmail , click the contacts link , then at the top you should see an " import " option , use that to upload your csv file . all that you should lose from this is the contact 's photos , but you can easily back up your contact 's photos from the nokia suite , and then just upload them to gmail one by one , or alternatively let android on the phone sync with facebook , etc and pull the contacts photos from there itself . you might find that if you already had some people in your gmail address book that you will have a few duplicates now , just tick the relevant contacts in gmail and select " merge these contacts " . for content , such as photos or music , which are probably just files on the nokia 's sd memory card , the easiest way is to attach the phone to a pc , select data storage/transfer mode on the phone , then open the sd card drive on the pc , drag all the relevant files onto the pc , then attach android phone , mount sd card and drag all the content into the relevant folders on the android 's sd card . as for messages , do you mean sms/mms text messages ? as far as i know there are not easy ways to transfer those between phone os 's at all ( unless you are already doing something like sync'ing them to gmail ) .
samsung create an app called samsung smart switch mobile , it support transfer data from nokia to samsung mobiles . you can have a try although your phone is not samsung . wondershare software named mobiletrans also can transfer data from nokia to android . they can both transfer contacts , messages , photos and videos to android .
b1 free archiver works good for unzipping files and password protected files . how to uncompress a password protected zip file ? it is very simple , just tap two times on your archive and enter the password .
try archidroid and it will do your job . . . it extracts password-protected rar , zip , tar , gzip , bzip2 and 7zip files . . . amazingly it is free . . . other apps did not work for me but this one works like a charm : )
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
/data/user was added in jelly bean as part of multi-user support . each user on the device gets a directory in there named after their user id , and that directory contains each app 's data directory for that user . /data/user/0 is a symlink to /data/data .
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
i use an app called hitchernet-beta to move files across wifi direct between devices . it is fast and stable , great for pushing video files and other big files . in jelly bean the permissions issues of other versions are solved so two way transfer is possible . i am working with these guys to build wifi direct into a game app i am building . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kharybdis.hitchernet
i am budius , the developer of the wifi shoot ! and i must say that j4velin 's explanation is really spot on and pretty sad . i started developing it just because i saw this cool technology and no one was using it but it only proved to be a big headache . even during development ( i was using a transformer tf300 and a galaxy nexus ) it took me much more time than it should had and i had lots and lots of problems simply because the technology is broken on the driver level . example of that is that asus removed support for wifi direct on their jelly-bean built of the transformer ( and that was reason for one of my 1-star rating , it stopped work on the user transformer ) if my app was completely free i probably was going to the same approach of j4velin and simply pull the plug on it , but now i feel i can not just cancel it for the users that paid for it . i started checking some options to allow it to operate over normal wifi too and only use wifi-direct if the user specifically request for it , but it is a personal project and i simply do not have free time now . really hope the manufacturers get their act together , but i would not put my hopes up . anyone who always uses bluetooth everyday ( a technology that was originally developed in 1994 ) know that sometimes you have to reboot your mobile just to have it connect to a headset .
i released an app last week that i hope will solve your problems . wifi direct friends https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cobaltstar.wififriends most significantly , it can transfer files in both directions once the two devices are connected , which i think seems to be your main big issue . so even though you may have to guess which device to press connect on ( blame the device manufacturers ) , you will know that once they are connected you can send and receive no problem . make sure you are not connected to any other wifi networks , or else things will get slow and unreliable . i also added auto restart of the wifi when there are problems or hangups in the initial connection process , so hopefully there will not be much guesswork or troubleshooting . you have hit the nail on the head with regards to finding problems about how wifi direct is implemented across these devices . we are dealing with the most trivial use case of the technology here and the internet is full of tales of woe . direct just does not seem ready for prime time in any big feature that needs to be depended on .
have you tried superbeam ? should work between android devices , will not work with pc though .
check your apns . this might help : http://www.htc.com/mea-en/supportviewnews.aspx?dl_id=949news_id=654 note : apns are provider specific , the linked walkthrough covers ksa mobily postpaid subscribers , but if you google search : ( your provider ) apn settings , it will turn up what you need and then just substitute those values for the ones in the walkthrough . good luck !
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
my device has been lost or stolen . what happens to my viber account ? you may re-install viber on your new device using the old device’s phone number . this will reinstate the previous account on your new device .
first you can login to another device with same id . after that you should de-activate your viber account . then reactivate your account in new device with same id ( phone number ) with different password . steps : open viber enter the more options menu select settings select privacy select deactivate account deactivation can only take place within the application . what happens when i deactivate my account ? deactivating your account will erase everything associated with your viber id , including your call and message history , groups and downloaded stickers ( both free and purchased ) . it will also unlink all other accounts linked to your viber account ( e . g . twitter , facebook ) . once an account is deactivated , there is no way to restore any of its information . re-registering to viber with the same viber id ( phone number ) will not restore the previous account history . viber out credits will not be lost if your account is deactivated .
you can not stop the viber process . only way to stop viber is by uninstalling . see this : how to stop viber running without uninstalling it ? due to the c2dm feature , you are always available on viber , there is not way to " log out " and " log in " . please note that if you " exit " viber , it will open again only if you get a msg or call . let us know if you have any additional questions . thanks ! viber team
you could use the stock messaging service by adding numbers seperated by a comma into the recipient box . but in my opinion there is a better option . you can download groupme which let 's you message multiple people at a time . you can choose whether to use sms or your data connection to send the message .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . if i just reply it only goes back to the sender . now , others that i know have iphones replied and it went to everyone . . . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
in 4.2.1 ( maybe in 4.2.0 ) there was an option added to the mms application to support multiple recipients . while you may have been able to see them all the way that william stated , i have never seen that option . in 4.2.1 you click on the menu and select " group participants " . this shows everyone that is included in the conversation . when you reply to a group now , it sends the messages to all participants , not just the person that sent you the message . i know this does not relate directly to your question as you are not asking about 4.2 , but i do not know of a way that this can be done in anything pre-4.2 . this feature was discussed a bit because it was the first time android supported this feature . while you could always " start " a group conversation in any version of android , you could not " participate " in a group conversation with anyone other than the original sender .
when you go to menu , press view type and select customizable grid . now you can see an edit button as mentioned by several posts
long press the icons and you will be able to move or remove them .
see goo . im . they have a collection of google apps as installable . zip files . there is an explanation for which packages belongs to what android version on top . however there is currently only one separate package for facelock .
the facelock . apk may not be compatible or rather , clearly , missing some dependency with the motorola 's version of the framework . it could well be modified to exclude the facelock application as well . to each and their own , each manufacturer are free to modify , add , subtract from the google android source to suit themselves . it might help to obtain the logcat using the application alogcat ( found on google play store ) and run that in the background and capture the output from the logcat whilst running facelock to see what is the underlying reason for the point of failure .
turns out the last paragraph added to the book is meant and of course not turning it in the overview . this is the information : this is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by google as part of a project to make the world’s books discoverable online . it has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain . a public domain book is one that was never subjectto copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired . whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country . public domain booksare our gateways to the past , representing a wealth of history , culture and knowledge that’s often difficult to discover . marks , notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book’s long journey from thepublisher to a library and finally to you . usage guidelines google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible . public domain books belong to thepublic and we are merely their custodians . nevertheless , this work is expensive , so in order to keep providing this resource , we have taken steps toprevent abuse by commercial parties , including placing technical restrictions on automated querying . we also ask that you : make non-commercial use of the files : we designed google book search for use by individuals , and we request that you use these files forpersonal , non-commercial purposes . refrain from automated querying : do not send automated queries of any sort to google’s system : if you are conducting research on machine translation , optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful , please contact us . we encourage theuse of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help . maintain attribution : the google “watermark” you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them findadditional materials through google book search . please do not remove it . keep it legal : whatever your use , remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal . do not assume that justbecause we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the united states , that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries . whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country , and we can’t offer guidance on whether any specific use ofany specific book is allowed . please do not assume that a book’s appearance in google book search means it can be used in any manneranywhere in the world . copyright infringement liability can be quite severe . about google book search google’s mission is to organize the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful . google book search helps readersdiscover the world’s books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences . you can search through the full text of this book on the webat http://books.google.com/
the solution that has worked for me is : upgrade to a nexus s running cyanogenmod 10 .
try this , it worked for me : ctrl + [
i use a zagg bt kbd . i have used others , but not with this app . i use the external keyboard pro app from the play store to reassign keys . my one kvetch , and it is a serious one , is that i cannot reassign the ' home ' key that takes me back to the ' home screen ' with it . and i hate that . i do not want any sort of magical keys on my kbd . that is why i am using a kbd . and i do not think there are that many people using an external kbd with an android device who are not professional typists to some degree . users who hunt and peck are going to be fine with the osk . and the rest of us are going to hate life everytime we hit the ' home ' key and exit our apps . that being said , i have the ' return ' key and the f2/mic-on key mapped to esc on my asus 10.1 tab . it is sufficient to keep me from plucking out my eyes and warning kings of dire times ahead , or wandering around in the day time shining a lantern in poeple 's faces . this is a good thing , but there must be a way to make things ' better ' . the app is not awesome , but it works and it'll get you close to what you want . i am 85% happy . i found it via : http://www.howtogeek.com/175267/the-htg-guide-to-using-a-bluetooth-keyboard-with-your-android-device/
if your contacts are stored on a sd card you may have a faulty sd card . try moving your contacts to the device storage or sync them to your google contacts .
tap on the contact icon or colored letter according to the starting letter of your mail sender and select multiple mails that you want to delete it !
disclaimer : this is based on the stock email app on a samsung galaxy s4 . if you click on an email quickly , it opens that email . if you long-press on an email , it selects that email without opening it . then if you click another email , it also selects that . now , you have two selected emails . you can then click the delete button to delete both emails .
i would recommend afwall+ as equivalent to a packet filter on a desktop computer . note that afwall+ is just a gui to generate iptables/netfilter ( linux kernel feature ) rules . to apply those rules , afwall+ requires root privileges on the device . afwall+ gives you the possibility to allow/deny certain applications to open outgoing connections over wlan/mobile data ( which can be enabled separately ) . another nice feature of afwall+ is to allow/deny applications to open connections to hosts in your local network . to see what is going on you can use the application network log which can show you the incoming and outgoing connections on your device . this application also uses iptables and requires root privileges .
there is no real firewall in android , but this does not mean you are totally unprotected from the outside . ( there are some measurements from the underlying linux kernel . ) every app chooses it is own ports and decides weather the connections are encrypted . android apps usually do not open any ports , hence the there is not that much of a need for a firewall incoming data is often handled and transmitted through google cloud messaging . ( here i do not know how it works and the data is transferred )
with sites like gravatar or twitter 's image cropping , i have found that the two finger " pinch " gesture works .
double tap to enable drag ?
zygote is not really bound up with dalvik , it is just an init process . zygote is the method android uses to start apps . rather than having to start each new process from scratch , loading the whole system and the android framework afresh each time you want to start an app , it does that process once , and then stops at that point , before zygote has done anything app-specific . then , when you want to start an app , the zygote process forks , and the child process continues where it left off , loading the app itself into the vm . although this method was originally designed for dalvik , there is no reason art should not behave exactly the same way . it does not have to jit-compile apps while they are running , but it still has a lot of app-independent java stuff to load ( i.e. . the whole android framework ) , so it makes sense to use the same fork-when-loaded method to start new processes . it is natural on such a large project that there would be other left-overs from dalvik that are still useful in a post-dalvik world , so you should not be surprised that there is other code that was originally written to be part of or to work with dalvik , that is still around for art to use .
i am using the images provided by the android-x86 project . they run fine in virtualbox , and ship with google apps pre-installed . for details , please see : android emulator for windows ( on our sister-site for software recommendations ) how to install android in virtualbox at howtogeek android emulators at izzyondroid ( my site ; scroll to the end of the page for emulations of android , as the list starts with emulators running on android ; ) ) find android-x86 iso images on their google code site
it generates this error when there is only an emulator attached . EOCD not found, not Zip file 'AstroFileManager2.5.1.apk' is not a valid zip file  i realized that the astrofilemanager apk has problem . i downloaded a new one from xda and it works . done .
seems like an whitespace problem in the filename . either remove or escape them .
the -s should be before the ' install '
as long as your android device supports usb keyboards at all , any usb keyboard will work . many android devices do not support working as a usb master device ( due to hardware limitations ) , but running android on a raspberry pi should work fine as its usb ports are fully-featured .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
i use a third party app which can handle recorded voice tags . i use cyberon voice speed dial for which voice tags can be records for contacts or programs . for bluetooth headset/car conenctivity i use bluetooth application launcher . this is set to open voice speed dialler when i press the blue tooth button to connect . holding the blue tooth button for 4 seconds disconnects and closes the app . ( i have to configure it futhter since disconnecting doesn ; t yet hang up the phone though . . . ) sorry - i just realized you needed to dictate to your phone . maybe there also a third pary app that does that . benzene
well , the path is right . it is /&lt;datadir&gt;/&lt;pkg_name/shared_prefs/&lt;pref_name&gt;.xml  where &lt;datadir&gt; is usually /data/data
according to the official knox website , samsung knox is tightly integrated into the operating system . it uses hardware support to verify the bootloader integrity , a custom bootloader to verify the os integrity , and a custom kernel at runtime . it changes the layout of the device 's filesystem to add separate encrypted storage for the business-related files . it also relies on hardware support through arm 's trustzone technology . depending on how much of the hardware support already exists on other samsung devices , it may be possible for samsung to later backport the knox feature for older samsung phones with a device update , but it is certainly not possible for anyone else to do so , not even by installing a custom rom . ( that would not add the bootloader support to ensure the rom is not changed later . )
if the system shell on your android device is an mksh ( i.e. . /system/bin/mksh , normally ) , and the mksh version is recent enough that it supports direct builtin calls already , then you can create a link or symlink from echo to mksh ( anywhere not mounted noexec ) . this will then expose the shell’s echo builtin as externally callable utility . note that you should normally be using the builtin , not an external utility , for speed , if possible . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
yepp , in the shell . echo is a built-in command , see why is echo a shell built in command ? , wikipedia : shell built-in , and the echo command . so you will not find any " echo binary " , as it is contained in the sh command .
you must first add your google account to the tablet . the google play app will not let you switch an account until there are two or more accounts on the device . so first add your google account . you will probably want to disable all of the synchronizing options . once that is done , open the google play app , and you will see the option to switch accounts . on top of that , you will be able to " push install " apps to the tablet from your desktop computer ( provided you are logged into the same google account ) . the downside , of course , is that there is now a device that can synchronize your contacts , gmail , photos , etc that you do not control . your grandma could decide to purchase in-app items or purchase new apps ( though you can require a password for that , at least ) . alternatively , if you only want to install a few of the paid apps you own , you can temporarily add your account , install the apps , then remove the account . the apps remain installed , even without the linked account .
the transformer prime has a problem with its gps all right . you can get a free external gps adapter that fits into the docking port . http://event.asus.com/asuspad/tf201gps/
i have several bluetooth-gps adapters that i use with all of my devices when i need a superb signal because a specialiced receiver is almost always superior to a smartphone 's internal gps ( due to integration constraints ) . gps receiver : my favourite is the bluemax 4043 bluetooth receiver . it has more than one day uptime , it can also log 32mb of gps data and uses a cheap nokia bl-5c battery . linux support ! openstreetmaps wiki has a comprehensive list of good receivers ( search for the bluetooth enabled ones ) . software support : cyanogenmod7+ can connect to gps bluetooth receivers , stock android users may install 3rd party apps like bluetooth gps provider . it is very handy for my nook color tablet that has no gps but bluetooth ( asus transformer prime users also have this kind of problem ) .
i have a galaxy s4 and use connectbot to connect to my ssh server and setup a port forward via the client to port 8080 . then setup firefox to use the socks proxy by just going to about:config and entering the following : hope this helps !
as pointed out by al 's comment above , it is not a question of which browser does support it , but rather of how to enable it . and as sachin 's comment suggests , available solutions depend on whether your device is rooted ( more and better possibilities ) or not . non-rooted devices as long as it is for the browser only , there are multiple easy solutions . so does e.g. http proxy settings give you access to the hidden http proxy settings the android system itself has available . for more than browsers , asproxy might be a choice -- but it is not for free . it even provides a by-pass for e.g. local networks -- so you can decide which addresses are routed via proxy , and which can be accessed directly . rooted devices first-choice obviously is proxydroid : highly rated , it offers a hell of features : support http / https / socks4 / socks5 proxy support basic / ntlm / ntlmv2 authentication methods individual proxy for only one or several apps multiple profiles support bind configuration to wifi 's ssid / mobile network ( 2g / 3g ) widgets for quickly switching on/off proxy low battery and memory consumption ( written in c and compiled as native binary ) bypass custom ip address dns proxy for guys behind the firewall that disallows to resolve external addresses pac file support ( only basic support , thanks to rhino ) and , another big plus : this app is open source and free !
your phone do not need to be rooted . go to Settings > Security > Screen lock . then select None to disable the lock screen ( which should be set to Swipe or something like that in your casesince you get the swipe screen ) .
it will be stored in the root of your device ( /sdcard ) . if you plug your phone into a computer and access the phone you should see it like this : ( this is on my nexus 7 but it will appear the same )
go to Settings &gt; Storage . this should list available space and the size of used space for apps , pictures , videos , music , downloads , etc . you can use this as a guide to go through your storage and find files you can clean up . once you have figured out what is taking up a lot of space , then you can ask how to clear up a particular item .
try clearing out the cache files .
i believe you are still want to use the google play store to grab some apps , are you ? if you disable talk , the play store will not working properly ( no auto updating , can not download any app . . . ) , so i recommend you use the method below : hit : setting > application > manage application . navigate and click on google apps . then click on “clear data” button . press " ok " on the pop-up dialog . then find gmail and talk under manage application , click " clear data " as well . after you have done the above , please head to " account and sync settings " and press your account , then press menu > sync now then it should pop up for you to re-enter the password .
in answer to my own question ( and in thanks for the answer already provided ) , but the problem was that in my office , my phone uses wifi router which is connected to the internet via a firewall . and on this firewall one of the necessary imap ports was blocked . my collegue changed this setting , and now gmail is behaving as expected . i am really not in the habit of choosing my own answers as the selected answer , but for this question , this was the solution . hope it helps others !
in addition to what al e . says , you also need to make sure syncing is general is on . form the home screen go to Settings | Accounts and sync and make sure both Background data and Auto-sync are checked .
from the home screen , go to Settings | Accounts &amp; sync | &lt;your account&gt; and make sure that " sync gmail " is checked .
well , doing the ota update to 4.0.2 from 4.0.1 did not brick anything . superuser is still installed and apps that require root supposedly have root permissions , but they claim they do not . i will attempt to re-root it , as i do not see why that will be an issue . thanks .
you can unlock the bootloader before re-rooting your phone , but the phone will wipe ( this is unavoidable ! ) , so back up first . . . and copy your backups off the phone
as it says : " root on xyz " means xyz is a pre-condition for this rooting instructions ( so yes , it must already be on the device ) " install xyz " means , well , to install xyz ( whether it already was on the device or not ) .
what you need is a software which acts as an upnp control point on your new phone , and a media renderer with push on the old phone . a control point is capable of exactly what you need : browse media server ( your desktop ) in the same way as you do with your old phone currently , but it does not play itself , instead it tells the renderer " hey , start streaming that url " . then it just observes the renderer and can control the playback ( if renderer supports being controlled ) . that " being controlled " part is called " media push": instead of browsing the server from renderer directly , the controller tells the renderer what to do . finding a control point for android should be easy ( i will not present any suggestions , just google " android upnp control point" ) . there is a solid chance that imediashare is a control point already . but i am afraid that renderer with push for android is hard to find . it essentialy means that the phone must sit on the network with opened server socket , doing nothing , waiting for commands . and that is perhaps problematic with android . i already answered one question here on a similar matter and the asker did not report any conclusion . you are welcome to pioneer the search for such android app :- )
you can see the advantages from the developer 's home page . superuser elite is the premium version of superuser . it unlocks several premium features within superuser , including : pin protection – secure your superuser prompt with a pin number so that nobody but you can grant superuser rights to apps access timeout – allow an app to maintain superuser rights for a set amount of time , so that you can allow certain apps access without having to remember them or press allow multiple times ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) . advanced log management – set the log to only store a certain number of entries before deleting the oldest entry . you also gain the ability to set certain apps to not log at all . advanced notification management – set which apps send notifications and which apps don’t toast notification placement – if you choose to use toast notifications instead of status bar notifications , you gain the ability to set where the notification will appear ; top , bottom , or center of the screen , or the default location
a new app from an xda developer just hit the market : share contacts share contacts is an application to send and receive contacts via sms . it provides facility to pic contacts from phone , customise it and send business card by sms . it can recognize the messages having business cards and provide facility to save them in phone . here are main features of application : send contacts by sms . pick up contact information from saved contacts . send customised information . filter sms with business cards . retrieve contact information from sms . save retrieved contact information into phone contacts . add contact with google sync . integrated with phone application .
contact share by sms lite may be for you .
i know this is not exactly what you are looking for but i have been using chompsms for over a year now , and it is super awesome anyway , if you use that then there is a little plus icon to the left of the text input , clicking on it brings you a list of picture emoticons , saved templates , and contact insertion . another option is going to view contact in your phone book and then clicking menu and then share , but i think you were looking to send the info via sms which this does not appear to do on my htc inc w/ cy 7.03
go to your contact list -> pull up your menu -> share -> then via email or sms etc . .
is there an add text > contact option when writing an sms ? i can do that in galaxy s 2.1
on htc desire hd ( froyo ) whilst composing an sms : menu > attach > contact ( vcard ) or is that a htc sense feature ?
in your sms app , click settings => add text => contacts , then select your contact and press send .
surprisingly , you need a third party app . http://www.appbrain.com/app/sharecontacts.ns.com
it is a very convenient way to send contacts in text format . try contacts via sms : this app makes it easy to do so : contacts via sms enables you to send contacts and contact details as text via sms ( and via any other text application in next update ex : skype , viber , chat , google drive , dropbox , notes etc ) .
for users with ice cream sandwich : using the stock messaging app , you can attach contacts to the message either on " text " or " vcard " formats . when writing the message : touch the device " menu" ; touch " attach" ; touch " contact" ; touch the desired method . you will then be presented with your contacts list to select the desired contact . screenshots taken from lg-p700 running android v4.0.3 .
another third-party app for this , which i prefer : contacto 's ( share contacts )
this question/answer is probably a little " off topic " for this site as it is more of a web development question . when you embed the youtube video on the page , you have to use the iframe version , as it supports both the " flash " version and the html5 version of the embeded video . the " default " style only supports flash enabled devices , where the iframe style will support both html5 and flash ( if needed ) . to embed the iframe style you would do this : &lt;iframe type="text/html" width="640" height="385" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID" frameborder="0"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;
you can produce videos in the vp8 format . this is google 's answer to html5 video and is supported by most of their phones . you have the option of embedding the video using html5 and &lt;video&gt; tags , or uploading the mobile friendly version to youtube and embedding the link in an iframe like previously suggested . vp8 is much like h . 264 in that they both boast high-quality/low-overhead and both have hardware decoders . webm is the container format for vp8 and will remain royalty free as long as the technology exists , whereas h . 264 will require encoders ( and possibly decoders ) to pay fees for its use .
you might need a very specific widget that is coded to retrieve some data from the said web page in a specific format ( xml , json , api calls , etc . , ) then parse and display it . for example , a quick google search for " android flair widget " brings back this app . you need only to provide the user 's id ( e . g . http://api.android.stackexchange.com/1.1/users/3646 for my profile , ) and it polls the stackoverflow . com servers once every hour and retrieves the " flair " .
i wanted an app to do this , and i wanted it to be professional , reliable , and easy to use , and i wanted to know it would be maintained in future and work with new android versions . as i run a software business , i decided to make it our next product . showr supports android 3.1+ , and you can use it as a lock screen widget on android versions that support that feature . it supports images from rss or atom feeds , and from other apps ( such as the gallery ) as well as from a fixed url . it also integrates with some websites , such as tumblr and stack exchange . unlike the accepted answer to the question , you can set how often it updates , and it has a smart updating feature to save battery life and network use . download showr free from google play , or see showr on stackapps .
i have implemented that app because i wanted it for myself : url image widget have fun !
this thread goes way back but i still were unable to find one in the market that seems to fit the description , so i made one myself . get it here : the widget updates hourly , and currently there is no way to configure that .
it is understandable that your battery life will decrease when you run 4.4 on an older device like the s2 . but that is strange . try identifying the process like the other users suggested . i would also suggest greenify , an app that can put processes and apps into automatic hibernation , decreasing their cpu toll .
interesting ! never seen a phone that did not list ' screen ' as biggest drain . i would try uninstalling apps until it is fixed , my theory being that some cheesy app ( spyware ? ) keeps calling home . start with the running apps list--anything running that should not be ? got gps turned off ? how much free storage do you have on the phone ? if the phone 's memory is nearly full it will overwork itself , in my experience , perhaps defragging . if none of that fixes it to your satisfaction then i would wipe the phone clean and start over . let us know what you find out !
that is very interesting . have you looked for the " unknown " app in your application manager ? that may shed some light on the subject , if it can or can not be found anywhere in there . other than that , look at some recently downloaded apps , see if they have any weird numbers in the app manager . a very puzzling problem indeed .
if you are rooted , i would recommend downloading better battery stats ( or wakelock detector ) from the google play store , and finding the name of the ' mad ' processes . if you are not rooted , i recommend you root as other apps can not access battery stats as of android os version 4.4 .
it sounds like your clock is 4 minutes fast . check to see if your phone is getting its time from the network ( on gingerbread , it is settings/date and time , not sure about cm 7.2 ) . if you are getting time from the network , try disabling automatic updates and set the time manually to a source like time . gov or time . is .
try re-applying Factory settings to your phone . how to do it : Your Home Screen-&gt;Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Privacy-&gt;Factory data reset.  caution : selecting this option erases all data into the phone . please ensure that you have proper backup in case some unexpected issues surface !
i found an ice cream truck ringtone in mobiles24 . could you check if that is correct ?
xperia™ function tester app i would suggest trying this official application to find out the information you needed .
a bit of a hack , inconvenient and i am not even sure if it would work : download juice defender , set it to always keep data disabled and later check how much battery it claims to have saved you . as for the wifi , on my phone ( xperia neo v , 2.3 . ? ) , it is a separate entry on the battery usage panel . maybe you used it so little that it is not even displayed ( probably &lt ; 0.5% ) ?
i heard that it is a hardware ability in phones which should provide electricity for usb devices to run . also most of the sony phones support it but few samsungs devices . i have a galaxy young . by the way , i now see this page . the new developer claims the young is an o.t. g device . . . i hope so .
there is no way to enable usb otg on samsung galaxy y duos . thats all i know so far .
the stock gmail app on the galaxy s3 does not have an unread count on the home screen icon . however , you can use the stock email app to retrieve your gmail and that app includes an unread count on the home screen .
certain external ( bluetooth ) keyboards have a function button that does this , but if you have not found it , it probably is not there .
you did not mention which version of android you are running , but i believe this will work in most modern versions . the exact location within the settings may change depending on version and device manufacturer . if you go in to settings -> battery and then select an app , you get some or all of the following details : cpu total time in seconds keep awake time in seconds data send data received i believe these details are valid from the last time the device booted .
you can use an app such as sim contacts manager or sim contacts to manage your contact on your sim card , including accessing and transferring them to the phone . if you have android 4.0+ , you can do this straight from your contacts app . Open Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Import/export &gt; Import from SIM card
because long pressing the power button on all most any android device ( if not all ) will reboot the device . it is meant to be the restart button in case on a device something goes wrong , you have the option to hard reset the device . to correctly shut down a device you have to tap the power button and select the option to power of , or if you are in cwm select " power off device " , or i think you can shut it down using adb to .
i had the same issue , not with cyanogen , but stock android in nexus 5 phone . i solved the issue temporarily as follows : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x ( may be more . at first i set it in none , so it did not work . changing to 0.5x solved my problem . i did not check other options like 1x etc ) . this method solved me in nexus 5 . ( not sure about note 2 , try it and let 's know )
i can not find this problem anywhere else , not even on the cm forums . my advice would be to install another version of cm for your device , maybe try a nightly or the previous stable/mr/rc version .
has your friend modified the linkify app that implements the app associations ? typically both the linkify app that actually performs the association and the settings app where you set them are signed by the system signing key . if the linkify app was replaced with a modified version not signed by the system signing key , which is possible if you unlock and root your device , i imagine it would have trouble accessing the settings .
as your device is stock , something likely became corrupted in the file system and a factory reset is about your only option . you will lose all your data , unless your phone will still communicate with a computer . if so , you may be able to use kies to back up your data from the phone first . to factory reset : enter recovery power off the device . press and hold the volume up key and the home button while powering up the phone . hold these keys until the android recovery screen appears . use your volume keys to navigate to wipe cache partition . press the power button to choose this option . this will not destroy your data and may allow it to boot normally . select reboot system with the volume keys and press power . it will reboot and hopefully work . if it does not , follow the next step . enter recovery mode as described above . select " wipe data/factory reset " with the volume keys and press power to select it . this will delete all data from your device . be sure you backed up anything important . now reboot the system and it should be back to stock with everything working again . if you used kies to backup your data , now you can restore it .
i ended up compromising on this by setting google voice to " ask on every call " , which gave me a chance to cancel the call . the downside is having to touch " make call without google voice " to put the call through .
on my spica ( samdroid froyo mod ) , there are two stock voice caller , the android 's stock " voice dialer " ( com.android.voicedialer ) : on the stock android voice dialer , when you start the voice dialer app and then speak " call " , this shows up : the stock voice dialer can be cancelled by pressing the highlighted " cancel " button . the voice dialer does not automatically call the contact , it waits for you to tap on the contact 's name to start the call . the other voice caller is using google-branded " voice search " ( com.google.android.voicesearch ) : when you tap on the voice search button on the google search widget and then speak " call " this screen shows up : the google-branded voice search automatically dial after a short delay the spoken contact , and you can tap " cancel " before the spinning highlighting is out to cancel the call without leaving missed calls . i am not sure which voice dialer you are using , can you clarify ?
the table at http://www.syncdroid.net/ is quite comprehensive . if you have outlook , there are ways to sync your calendar with your device . always list your device and os - it helps .
i am going to provide a suggestion , but it is not an android app . you can try subeditnet : a simple tool to add or remove time to a srt subtitle file . i developed this in my spare time , so do not expect it to be completely bug free . please always backup your . srt file ; ) you will need microsoft .netframework 3.5 to execute it on older operating systems . or via linux command ( not tested ) : $ dos2unix subtitles . srt $ sed -r '/^ [ 0-9 ] +$/{n ; d}' subtitles . srt > outfile
as explained it the comments to the question , and indicated by geffchang 's answer , what you need for that is an editor supporting regular expression search and replace . an example for such is jota+ text editor , supporting that for android 2.2 onwards . to learn more about regular expressions , see this wikipedia article , which also provides additional links . to teach them would go beyond the scope of this site , but the examples given might already work out for you .
what you describe as " desktop " , and the screenshot shows , is called by different names . mostly it listens on the names launcher and homescreen , depending on the aspect referred to . and yes , it is an app that ships with its own .apk file , as all its " replacements " ( e . g . apex launcher , golauncher , or holo launcher – to name some ) do .
well , that is weird first of all make sure that the other bluetooth devices you are searching using the s2 are visible , otherwise its not going to detect the bluetooth device . and if you are sure that the bluetooth devices you are trying to connect is visible try clearing the cache and the data stored by the bluetooth app , you can do that by going to settings> application manager> tap the bluetooth app and clear the cache and the data store . now try connecting with the other bluetooth devices and see if that works out or not .
if auto-correct is the problem , i would just turn it off . then you can type whatever you want without the system trying to over-ride your decisions . it does mean that you will have to take responsibility for any spelling mistakes , but it also means no more having your words twisted by a matching algorithm .
i also have this problem , where i often type in italian using many english words or even expressions . if you can not find a keyboard with support for two separate languages ( i know the xperia default keyboard does , for example ) , i strongly suggest you to try swiftkey . along with many wonderful features , it is also able to recognize up to three languages at a time ( e . g . you can start typing in french , and then type a word in english : swiftkey will recognize you are now using english , and apply the english autocorrect and suggestions ) - just install the appropriate language packs ( in your case , french , english ( gb ) and english ( us ) ) . swiftkey has a free trial that lasts 1 month , but some googling is enough to find out how to bypass the limit .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
just relocking will not work , you need to restore the ta partition ( which contains drm keys for bravia engine ) that you must have backed up before unlocking your bootloader .
the bravia engine would need to be included in the new rom you are installing . it is a software screen enhancement . http://allenramos.blogspot.ie/2013/05/enhance-your-android-phones-display-w.html?m=1 the sony mobile bravia engine 3 is a video enhancement program for sony phones . it uses filters and algorithms to create a clearer and more contrasted picture and an overall smoother experience . alternatively there are often flashable zip file mods for the bravia engine for different devices .
with tasker , you could try this : condition : state &rarr ; power task : send sms ( note that compose email / compose mms / compose sms only open the dialog and let you edit , so you would need to use the send sms option to have it automatically sent ) .
well , when htc leaves it up to us , it is up to us , so i kept playing with it . it turns out that the response i got is a generic response from fastboot : it does a piss-poor job of checking its arguments . that particular response , in effect , means , " invalid command arguments . " yes , i made a typographical error and this was the result . it did not occur to me this could be the case first because most programmers check the input before continuing on and give reasonable error messages , and secondly because i tried it first as a dry-run and it gave the response , &lt ; waiting for device > . then , when i did it " for real " , i merely hit up-arrow and plugged in the device , etc . rather than delete this question , i am leaving this here as a bread-crumb for others who may run into this same problem . type it properly and it works ! if you appreciate that , vote it up ! -smile-
i got this error , solved it thanks to this thread http://androidforums.com/desire-s-all-things-root/444571-unlock-using-htcdev-com.html basically , this page http://www.htcdev.com/bootloader/ruu-downloads is slightly misleading . if your device is not listed , you might still need to update the ruu anyway .
take the image of the phone that is working by the following code first find out the dev block of the system partition cat /proc/mounts search for the system partitions and note down the corresponding /dev/block/ partition for example for my phone it is /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 now make the exact copy of the partition using dd command dd if=/dev/block/***** of=/sdcard/system.img copy this system . img from your phone to pc connect your other phone in fastboot mode run the following command fastboot flash system &lt;path-to-system.img&gt;
you will need the android sdk and your phone 's appropriate drivers so you can use fastboot adb and pull the files manually . here 's how to get into fastboot mode : pull battery and reinsert hold vol down , press and release pwr button ( continue holding vol down ) you should see a menu with the following options : fastboot , recovery , clear storage , and simlock ; select fastboot . here is a fantastically detailed guide for how to recover files ( post #22 ) : http://www.galaxyforums.net/forum/galaxy-s2-help/6232-screen-cracked-need-recover-very-important-data-3.html to address the custom recovery question : if the op is running 4.2 , he/she is most likely running a custom rom and therefore a recovery , as the latest official build from samsung for this device was 4.1.2 ( at least on the sprint and at and t versions ) . hope this helps !
have you gone into settings and turned motion settings on ? in addition , you have to be precise . press and hold the home button and power button at the same exact time and hold it for a couple of seconds . about two seconds when holding but press them at the same time . also , depending on your android version : volume down and power button simultaneously should work [ press and hold ]
this is how google voice works by design . here is the relevant exert from the help article : each time you place a call , instead of dialing the number you want to reach , google voice dials a us-based direct access number . the google voice server then forwards your call to the actual destination number . this allows for faster call setup and the ability to place calls without a data connection . these direct access numbers may show in your phone 's call log , or on your phone bill . a unique direct access phone number is assigned to each person that you call . the direct access numbers are stored in the google voice application , not in your contacts . they can be purged from your phone at any time by signing out of the google voice app . direct access numbers are assigned randomly , and may include numbers that are out of your local calling area , or even out of state . if you do not have a nationwide calling plan , you may be charged long distance rates by your carrier . basically unique , auto-generated numbers are assigned to your contacts as you dial them . these numbers do not change , but will be different from your contacts ' actual telephone numbers .
there is lots of apps that perform the function of restricting access to other apps . simply head to google play and search for " app locker " .
the built-in gallery app does not show photos in a tree structure : it just has albums . when you copy files in directly , it normally just puts each folder of photos in an album with that photo 's name . when another app adds photos to the gallery , it can specify what album ( s ) to put it in , according to what the app knows about the picture . if you want to browse photos by their folder structure , do not use the built-in gallery app . there are a lot of third-party photo viewing apps on google play , so pick one you like and use that instead .
sudo apt-get -y install mtp-tools mtpfs gmtp and try to use it gui as nessary !
i do not think that developer released a version of that rom that is compatible with your device so my advice to you would be to go to the optimus 2x forum and find a jelly bean rom there or you can check out this link other roms :
go to settings-> applications-> manage applications select the application you want to remove . click uninstall . not all applications may be removed ( some are locked down by your carrier / phone vendor ) .
a quick , easy way to uninstall an application is to hold down on its icon , and then drag it to the trash can at the bottom of the screen like you would if you were removing a shortcut from your home screen . however , hold the icon over the trash can for a few seconds until " drop to uninstall " appears .
you can uninstall an application from the market or from the manage applications settings screen . from marketplace : start the market app . hit the menu button and select downloads . find the app you want to uninstall and select it . hit the uninstall button at the bottom . from manage applications : from your home screen hit the menu button and select settings . select " applications " select " manage applications " find the app you want to uninstall and select it . hit the uninstall button at the top . edit : i wanted to add a 3rd method that rohan singh had in his answer . from your home screen : tap and hold on the icon of the application you want to uninstall . when the trash can appears near the bottom center of the screen , drag and hold the icon there . after the tap and hold / drag and hold some text will appear indicating that you can uninstall by dropping the application 's icon on the trash can . release your finger over the trash can and you will be taken to the same uninstall screen you can get to through manage applications in your settings .
by using adb from command line : adb uninstall &lt;package name to uninstall&gt; 
click " applications " , click menu button , click " edit " . you should now be able to drag the email icon away . then just replace it with the gmail icon by dragging it to its place . the other way is to configure the mail application to connect to gmail with imap or pop , but i would not recommend it since gmail app is much better . hope this helps !
download titanium backup and delete unwanted apps ; here is a list of apps safe to remove rollercoaster . apk ( game ) peggle . apk ( game ) edge . apk ( game ) quadrapop . apk ( game ) wisepilot . apk ( gps software have to subscribe only trial 30days ) roadsync . apk ( synchronization with microsoft exchange ) neoreader . apk ( bar code reader - uninstall and download new version free if you need it ) moxiermail . apk ( similar program as roadsync . apk ) officesuite . apk ( mobile systems officesuite trial version ) emanual . apk ( sony ericsson e-manual ) emanuallauncher . apk facebook . apk ( facebook app - can be removed and installed again from android market ) playnow japanese and chinese text inputs pccompanion . apk - remove dop . iso in the /data folder timescape uwlopprovider ( . apk ) usersupport . apk semcsetupwizard . apk setupwizard . apk semcemailsmall . apk readytorun . apk sync . apk omadataserviceprovider . apk backupandrestore . apk semcbrowser . apk drmprovider . apk stk . apk com . facebook . katana . apk pccompanion . apk blockbreaker_2_deluxe_sms_demo . apk calculator . apk ( if you do not use it ) edge . apk notes . apk ( if you do not use it ) orkut . apk orkut_plugin . apk peggle . apk roller coaster operator_prefix . apk you can find titanium here https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.keramidas.titaniumbackuphl=en
check out the " barebones " page in cyanogenmod 's wiki .
looks like what the op is looking for can be done at appbrain , using the &amp;sort=popular url parameter . see e.g. this example search for file sync : first result page mosly holds apps with 10k+ downloads with a good " internal rating " ( they have their own " rating number " in addition to the playstore rating ) . checking some , they seem to have 10k+ ratings on gplay as well . additional filtering is possible for free/paid , new/updated , app2sd , reduced price . though not being exactly what was asked for , i guess it is pretty close . another good result list can be obtained with the &amp;sort=highest-rated variant , which seems to sort by playstore rating : " file sync " by rating .
it seems like you are making this problem for yourself . as designed , apps can ask android to notify them when a network connection appears or disappears . some apps might want to be notified when they are running in the foreground , but some apps might need to be notified whether they were already running or not . this is necessary for the correct functioning of the app . it would not normally cause any lag , because background services always run at a lower priority than the foreground app . when an app finishes running normally , android caches it in ram , so that next time it starts ( whether it is a foreground activity or a background service ) , it can start immediately , using less battery . but if you routinely force-stop apps , or use a " task killer " or the " background process limit " option in the developer settings to stop them , then next time the same app starts , android has to spend time and energy loading it from storage again , causing lag . so my recommendation for how to stop your phone lagging when you connect to wi-fi is that you should let android do its own job of managing processes , and stop trying to micromanage it . leave that force-stop button for cases where a buggy app has gone out of control . for more information on why task killers slow your phone down , see the answers to how can i stop applications and services from running ?
i had the same issue with my htc hero . even though i could toggle wifi on and off while in airplane mode , it would fail to connect . turning airplane mode off solved the problem .
there should not be any problems using wifi without having an active account on your og droid . there is a pretty good discussion of this same question on the thread " repurpose old android phone " .
yes you can , there should not be any problem for using your phone as pda only .
you can try enotify or enotifylite . . . it enables you to customize email notificiatons and create your own alerts based on the subject , sender and other properties : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hermes.enotifylite
try these apps : mail alert by droiddevwork ( on appbrain ) maildroid by flipdog ( on appbrain ) disclaimer : i have never used any of them .
this may help : 1 . firstly start the emulator 2 . then go to the ddms please select the emulator 3 . then left side we have button screen capture click this button 4 . screen shot taken own app .
the serial interface you see is a qualcomm diag interface . it has nothing to do with adb/fastboot . it can be used to recover the phone though by flashing the proper bootloader . you will need to use qualcomm tools like qpst and find the proper flashing image in qpst format .
i hate when that happens . it happened to me more times than i could count while i was traveling through western maryland ( and it is even worse when the phone mysteriously switches from 4g to 1x and refuses to go back to 4g or even 3g ) . . . anyway , there are three things you can try . the first , obvious one is to relocate the phone to somewhere that you get a better signal . this may not help much at all if you are in a fringe coverage area and in a residence , but it is definitely something you should attempt . next , to force the phone to reconnect to the network , just toggle airplane mode on and off . ( btw , do not bother with any of those so-called " network signal booster " apps . all they do is toggle airplane mode on and off , hiding the notification bar so you can not see what it is doing . ) this is probably your best bet . in my experience this will get your high speed connection back most of the time , but you still are not guaranteed to keep it long enough to finish your download . your phone also has a secret menu which can be accessed by entering *#*#4636#*#* into the dialer . in this menu you can view various statistics about the mobile data connection , as well as change which network types the device will try to connect to . ( the exact types vary by device and firmware revision , and i do not have a droid 3 on hand , so you will just have to look and see for yourself . ) in my experience , though , this did not help much ; the phone would just give me no data service instead of 1x , or refuse to connect to 3g/4g , or to any network at all . also , be careful in this menu ; if you change a setting and do not know what to change it back to , you could completely kill your ability to connect to the network , requiring a factory reset .
why not drop the mp3 directly into a directory either ringtones or alarms within the subdirectory of /sdcard/media/audio/notifications ( this is for earlier than ics ) ? iirc ics had this directory structure on the sdcard , aptly , /sdcard/alarms or /sdcard/ringtones . drop the appropriate mp3 in there , and it should be picked up the android 's media provider and away you go . if google music does not have any identifiable information pertaining the mp3 , the filename will be used instead .
you will need to either use a different media player player pro winamp mx player i am pretty sure all the above , plus others , can set ringtones from mp3 files directly from the player app itself . or , you can use any of the many different ringtone makers freely available on the play market . i like ringtone maker you will just open the mp3 , find the section you want to save as a ringtone and crop it , save it , then set it ! you will need to do some searching around your file system first to find out which songs are which though . as i remember , when you download audio from google play music for offline use it does not save them with titles or anything really identifiable :/ edit that is the problem with google play music . you have to open them and listen to them . if you use one of the above mentioned players it should load the metadata for you , telling you the artist , album , title etc . i know player pro will show you the path of the given file by long pressing it and choosing view details . i am sure the others would have similar functionality . however , using these players to set ringtones does not allow you to crop and choose which part you want saved , they will just set the entire song as the default ringtone , which is probably not what you want . most likely you will need a combination of the two : open player pro ( or whichever other media player ) and find the song you want , view details/properties and note the file path . open up ringtone maker ( or whichever you choose ) and navigate to that path , and open the file . you will then be able to select which portion of the mp3 you had like to set as a ringtone . you can then save the ringtone as either an alarm , ringtone , or notification to be used respectively .
if you are comfortable with copying files in a file explorer go grab es file explorer if you do not have a file manager already . make sure that root browsing is enabled and navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/files/music . hopefully you do not have too many songs stored locally , cause this is the not-so-fun part . go through song-by-song by selecting one and using Google Play Music to complete the action . when you find which file is the right song , copy it ( for es , long press then select copy , could be different for other apps ) . now navigate to /sdcard/media/audio/&lt;whichever_folder_applies_to_you&gt; if you are on pre-ics or /sdcard/&lt;whatever_applies_to_you&gt; if on ics or jelly bean . paste it in ( hitting paste on the status bar for es ) and you should be good . if you are not comfortable with copying files in a file explorer if for some reason you do not want to copy , then still figure out which song is the right one . then when you go to set your ringtone/alarm/notification use the ES File Explorer entry that pops up . then navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/files/music and select the right song .
you can not do that since it has been coded in program level you can not change the prefix dsc in all photos . you need to have the code for the apk and change the prefix string and build an apk then only you can do that cheers . . . . . .
the specs at gsmarena mention tv-out ( via mhl a/v link ) , which suggests it should work . on the other hand , expertsreview states : the micro usb port also doubles up as a display output , though surprisingly it does not use the mhl standard that we have seen on numerous recent devices , such as the samsung galaxy s3 . instead it supports the new slimport standard , which is based upon displayport . which suggests the standards are incompatible ( other sources i consulted underline this ) . an even clearer hint you will find in a review by anandtech : when i wrote that review it was not immediately clear what advantages slimport offered over mhl , which has become relatively ubiquitous in the year or so since its introduction . since then i have acquired the slimport microusb to hdmi 1.4 sp1002 and vga ( d-sub ) sp2002 adapters from analogix for testing out slimport on the nexus 4 . . . . as of this writing , the analogix sp1002 adapter is available on amazon for around $30 usd . i have not seen the sp2002 available online anywhere yet , however . as this shows , there're slimport adapters available which are not that expensive ( though not that cheap either ) , and are probably better fitted for your purpose . as you either yet have to buy the cable , i would rather go for the right one .
it seems that mhl is not supported but its cousin streamport according to here http://gb.slimportconnect.com/supported-devices/ and explained here http://blog.clove.co.uk/2012/11/02/what-is-slimport/ . not bought yet but i guess chromecast might do the trick anyway for more recent devices . loic
make sure airplane mode is off . hold the power button for a second or two , and click data network mode in the menu that pops up ( it should say on , and will turn to off ) . if you do not have this option , uncheck packet data or data enabled under Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; Mobile network turn off wifi . turn on bluetooth . done !
check out this guy 's post on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=11370203postcount=2 this might be considered a risky solution , but if you are not using the 3g connection at all and you are careful to simply rename the . apk 's he references you might just disable the cell radio without needing to use airplane mode . in case the link does not work , he suggests using root explorer to rename phone . apk to phone . apk . bak and telephony . apk to telephony . apk . bak thus disabling these two packages . you have to reboot your phone to finalize the changes . if it does not work , you should remove the . bak from each file name and they should be available again . at op 's request , a summary of his findings : Phone.apk is the Dialer app , which is responsible for the cell radio . PhoneTelephony.apk turns out to be just the Dialer storage , which we can kill just to save more memory . androidos immediately restarts Dialer when it is closed , so renaming it will cause problems . but after a battery-yank-reboot , everything is ok . it also gets rid of the annoying Activate your phone dialog that comes up on every boot . btw , the dialpad still comes up after getting rid of Dialer :- )
actually , the *#*#INFO#*#* ( 4636 ) method does work . while the control is greyed out under wireless settings , the taskbar icon still shows bt connectivity and i have tested and confirmed that bt is still active on my og droid .
i had a phone qmobile noir a8 ; well i still i have it , but got a new one too . that phone was ics too . i tried many things but was not able to root it ; including and specially superoneclick . then i found bin4ry rooting software , its just a single click app . but it would require you to have a pc connected to the phone as its a command prompt type software , you will press a button ( say 1 , 2 , or 3 and even x to unroot ) to make the process happen . it was fast , and as my phone had ics , i am sure that would work for your phone too . all you need to do is to follow the steps provided by the developer of the software , donot try to be over smart while rooting or you might get into trouble ! now i have 4.2.2 :d which might not be and surely is not the concern so skip the thing . you should try out its latest version . here is a xda-developers forum thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460 good luck , cheers !
if you have got a computer with windows running on it , you might want to give the all-in-one toolkit a try . according to the xda-thread linked , you can download it from here or here . once installed and started , it gives you a simple interface to select actions from , including rooting the device install a custom recovery backup/restore partitions flash roms and bootloader and more . if i read the description correctly , the toolkit should work for gingerbread and ice cream sandwhich .
i have installed rockplayer from the android market on my nexus one , limited testing for avi , divx and mkv formats has been successful . have yet to check wmv 's .
the only one i am aware of is yxflash , and i was not too impressed by it - the video was quite choppy . i am looking forward to the upcoming android version of coreplayer , though , because i was able to play smooth divx videos with its predecessor tcpmp on my tungsten t5 with a fraction of the power my nexus one had . edit : i just saw that there is a new media player out for android called rockplayer that will play divx and wmv . i have not had a chance to test it though .
i have done it with both arcmedia and moboplayer to view these . wmvs play fine with this . an alternative is do send it to your gmail and watch it from the gmail app or to upload it to picasa and view it in the gallery or through the browser . in both cases the video is converted in transit to something the video player understands .
first of all , if you are not using knox you do not need to worry about the triangle status . second , to use triangleaway you have to be rooted , with supersu . if the google play version does not work , try the latest beta v1.99r3 which should fix many seandroid related issues . in fact it is highly recommended that you get rooted , so that you can remove both knox , ota updates , and the triangle , before you will receive the next ota update which may completely lock down your device . if you have never flashed your phone , and it is showing the triangle , you have either received a refurbished device or you have been cheated by the seller . the triangle is an indication that a otp ( one time programmable ) fuse has been blown in the past , due to flashing .
have you tried pasting the rss url into rhythmbox/gpodder or another podcatcher , and transferring to device ? after selecting the podcast in the podcasts section , simply drag and drop to the device on the left side of rhythmbox when it is connected . you may have some success with apps on the phone , specifically , i had seen something for subscribing itunes podcasts in podax . i was having a similar problem accessing my university media on android , and rewrote the tunesviewer app for android access , which may work better for you depending on what you are trying to access .
these guys recommend isyncr as a solution . cons : it is not free , and it will not sync copy-protected content .
alternatively i can recommend the itunes u app “tunespace” for android
i throw the podcast feeds into my google reader account , and then use google listen on my droid , automatically downloads the pod casts
i also use desire and this has never/ever happened to me under any circumstances . alarm would not work if you had killed it but you have clearly specified you do not have any task killer . as you said there is snooze/dismiss screen , the alarm indeed went on . are you sure you did not miss when the alarm rang at the correct time ? or are you sure the volume is loud enough ?
i believe you are talking about gmail app and your work account is also google account . if its so not only you can chose what imap folder to subscribe but also what notification you want on that folder . press menu -> more -> settings under account settings click your email address you will see a option " sync inboxes and labels " . from there you can chose quantity and folders .
there are some additional options available in k-9 mail , but it offers only the following choices : " all " , " only 1st class folders " , "1st and 2nd class folders " , " all except 2nd class folders " , " none " . not sure if this helps in your case , depends on your folder structure .
its possible by checkng running apps . you can limit your background processes . i am sure that your phone will never lag as before . settings> more> developer options> limit background processes> set to 3 or less . please do not make any changes in other options which will lead to problems if you are not sure what they are doing .
ok you can also do this without installing any other app as well . all you need to is goto settings -> applications -> running here you can see the apps number of processes and services . memory used by the apps . apps/services running in the background . ( which maybe slowing down you phone ) . hope it helps . . . . . : )
if you already suspect a particular app ( facebook in this case ) , just uninstall it and see if the problem goes away .
you could try to use some live monitoring app , e.g. os monitor . these usually offer you a view on apps currently consuming most of the ressources , e.g. hogging your cpu , eating your ram , or utilizing your network : os monitor showing running processes , and showing network connections ( click images for larger variants ) running processes can be sorted by several criteria , such as name , cpu usage , and more . the device being " laggy " most times means some app consumes all cpu power , or i/o , or ram – so this should help you figuring out . an alternative to mention is systempanel , which even offers you a manual ( for your situation , the system monitor page would apply ) . in its payed version , it even offers you background monitoring , so you could first let it collect data for a while , and later check for the " largest consumers " . systempanel : running processes , overall ressources ( click images for larger variants )
android does not directly expose usb device-mode to applications , but apps can transfer data indirectly via ip when using tethering . this sometimes requires an additional custom ' proxy-like ' software/driver on the host to unwrap the data . for example to interpret ipmidi as midi on linux , multimidicast/qmidinet is needed . host-mode however , has been exposed since 3.1 ( in android . hardware . usb ) . hopefully google will eventually support device-mode ( sigh ) . see these issues in project android ( and star them if they interest you ! ) : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=10176 https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=30198
this is not possible on most devices , since they do not support usb host mode . some devices have usb otg support or a usb host port , but these are relatively rare devices so far . in theory you could write an application on win/linux to access the phone via usb but not the other way around .
android devices as usb hosts has been a point of interest for all the developers . until the android 's honeycomb os ( os 3.0 ) , there have been no signs of possibility . the latest honeycomb api ( os 3.1 ) , however , seems to provide possibilities to support android devices being used as usb hosts . an api has been included for the same . therefore , though as of now very few android devices support the usb host capability , it will be possible in all the upcoming devices .
you can turn off your mobile data while playing the games . Settings &gt; More Settings &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Deselect "Mobile Data" but with this , you can not sign in to google play games service ( if available in the game ) .
ok , this is embarrassing but i will leave it here for posterity anyway . tried another network and got slightly better performance ( probably b/c the hotspot had weak signal strength ) . after more investigation i realized that it was connecting to my network then disconnecting . turns out the password was wrong , but rather than actually telling me that , it just connected and then a few seconds later ( after i would left that screen ) it disconnects .
you can go to settings > display > font size , to change the size . i am not sure how to change the color though .
the solution i use for similar situation is trekbuddy . i am sure you will discard the idea of using this app if you did not understand it well . hence , read through its description in its play site and their forums . it requires little homework before any such serious use . but once you know your way ( pun intended ) through the application , it will be a breeze . with this app , you can plan your route on computer export it as gpx and together with few mp3 files you can create a turn-by-turn pre-planned navigation . be aware that if you miss your turn this will not reroute you back . you have to see the map that and continue either on the new route or try to join the pre planned route . to know about its other uses , take a look at my answer for the question " how to import gps coordinates track for using offline " you may also try osmand . you can create a pre planned route and export as gpx file . osmand can be configured to use this pre defined route . i could not get my head through the options and configurations to make this work . but from reading its help , i understand that this can do the above and even reroute in case if you miss your turn . personally , i like trekbuddy for its simplicity and its many features as i described in my answer to the other question . if you happen to succeed with osmand , please share your procedure with us . update : after reading through the forum pages of trekbuddy , i finally figured out how to use a pre planned turn by turn navigation feature and i tried today to ensure it is working . the steps involved are ( from scratch ) : install trekbuddy either from playstore or from their download link . run the app with gps switched on . press Menu and press Start and wait for gps fix . if gps fix is a success you will see the cross hair at your location in the world map . to display a map , you have to download raster map tiles from the service provider . these tiles are to be placed in a particular format and an application called mobac comes for rescue . this app creates such map tiles , indexes and even compress . various map sources like openstreetmap , opencyclemap , google maps* , google terrain* , google earth satellite* , yahoo maps etc can be used . explaining how to create a map will be bit out of scope here , and i will leave it to a rare tutorial available here in german . assuming you had successfully created a tarred atlas ( collection of map tiles as said above ) , you have to place the .TAR file and its subfolder inside \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\maps folder . to load the map , press Menu button and touch Maps option and select the *.Tar file . depending on how you had layered the atlas , layers might appear in the next screen and if so , select a layer . trekbuddy might prompt you to mark this as default atlas . if acceptable click Yes and you will save all this step doing again . one map is loaded , you can ensure it by tapping any where in the screen , which will show the cross hair on your location in the map as identified by the gps . in your computer plan a route and mark turning points as waypoints . as an example , in this following image six waypoints are marked as wpt1 . . wpt6 . in computer , using a text editor , create a gpx file with following template . place the gpx file created as above in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\wpts folder . place sound files in amr format ( mp3 not tested ) in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\sounds folder . the file name of these files should be as mentioned in the gpx file . and finally , in trekbuddy app , press Menu , Navigation , Waypoints and choose the above gpx file . then choose the final waypoint , in this case wpt6 and press menu again and choose NavigateTo . when you start moving approach wpt1 , the sound assigned to wpt1 will be played . the setting Settings-&gt;Navigation-&gt;Wpt Proximity determines the proximity radius . the value is in meters and when the current gps position is within this imaginary circle , the sound will be played . i believe it has been discontinued since mobac version 1.9 onward due to legal pressure . old versions are not officially available but are still at large .
you could also give locus map free a try . this app can import gpx fine as well , and you can use the track as " route " to be navigated on . from the app 's description : voice navigation and guiding full support for online voice navigation voice and notification guiding on single waypoint ( by compass or on the map ) and along path side-effect of locus : you can also import complete kmz files ( zipped kml ) , including images and descriptions . i use that for creating my own travel guide when going on vacation , with my personal pois and stuff researched on the web . another plus : it can work completely offline . map material can be downloaded right from within the app using different sources . as for navigation , you need to calculate the route in advance ( but importing tracks does the same ; ) . from there on , no network connection is required anymore . tested this multiple times , works great .
i have found a very promising app to solve this problem . osmand . i have been looking for a wa to import a gpx of a trail system to know where i am while dirtbiking . so far i have been able to import a gpx showing a pre-recorded map of the trail . i was also able to download the entire state road/trail map easily from the app for offline use . osmand has many other features i have not explored yet .
cuesheet paired with http://ridewithgps.com works well . on the website , you can easily plan/modify a travelling route that will then be imported in cuesheet . the route can be very complicated with many twists and turns . english turn by turn instructions are created at the same time . also , you can insert your own instructions in the list if you want . after saving the route on the website , you run the cuesheet on your phone/tablet . after you sign into your ridewithgps account using the app , you will see a list of routes you have planned on the website . pick one and it will download to your android device with its turn by turn instructions . in the app you are also given the option to download the map so there is no need of internet connection to use the guiding . it is not perfect since it can give many false off course warnings , but it is by far the best combination of flexible route planning and voice guiding i have found . it costs 4 usd for the version with voice guiding .
there is a " message format " setting located at settings > [ account ] > sync settings > message format . the choices available are " html " and " plain text . " not sure whether that will necessarily solve your particular problem , but perhaps try giving that a shot .
you should try to use this bash script i wrote for you ( require busybox on your android ) : put the script in a file called script . bash ( change with your own path ) : now , in a terminal on your computer ( this is for linux , adapt it if you use windows ) adb push script.bash /mnt/sdcard/script.bash adb shell bash chmod +x /mnt/sdcard/script.bash /mnt/sdcard/script.bash  edit this is what the script does in-fine :
there is a much cleaner solution to this , which will work if you have email notifications in the status bar , and can turn internet access on from the status bar widgets . i found it in this xda-developers thread ; many thanks to aps786 for getting me out of a fix . problem already solved but just for others visiting this thread , there is a way to get rid of the issue ( which worked for me ) . when there was crash in adw launcher , statusbar still works . this is to key to get back to original theme ( as you can not access settings directly to set default theme ) opened status bar , start internet . from another device ( or desktop machine ) , send a mail to yourself with google play link for the new theme you just installed your status bar will now have new mail notification ( assume its activated ) now access your mail app and open the link from the mail now you have browser app opened with google play page you will have uninsatll option for that theme . just do it . now as new theme is uninstalled , your default theme will come in picture and everything will be normal . i hope this will help others fall in similar situation after installing new theme . i suspect you could also do this using sms , whatsapp , or any messaging application that can get to your notification bar .
try installing another launcher . then press the home key and it will ask you which launcher to use . select the " new one " . then try going in to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> adw and clear the data . you will probably also want to delete the " settings backups " that are stored on the sdcard , if you created them . then you should be able to switch back to adw . if you can not get to the market to install another launcher , you will probably have to side load i using adb . or as lie ryan suggests , use the market web interface to install another launcher .
it looks like what you are describing is actually the proper behavior , though it is not particularly obvious why that is the case . android , by default , scrolls your wallpaper to the left and right when you swipe around your home screen . this means that there is a sort of " virtual " desktop that represents the collection of your home screen pages , and it is ( basically by definition ) larger than the screen 's resolution . the general rule is that the resolution of the virtual desktop will be 2x wider than the screen 's physical resolution , but the height will be the same . therefore , when android is cropping your image for your 1280x800 screen , it is actually attempting to create a wallpaper with an aspect ratio that lines up with your 1280x1600 virtual desktop . thus , if the image you use is 1280x800 ( like your screen ) , it will be cropped and scaled in the process . if you had like to make a wallpaper that fits the sizing of your virtual desktop without any cropping , what is the default resolution of a wallpaper that fits the homescreen exactly in an android phone ? contains some useful links and resources .
i do not really understand why anyone would prefer downloading an old version of unknown origin from a malware-ridden website to downloading the latest official version directly from google itself . i guess to each its own . here are the links to the google repository : the latest r19.0.1 version of the platform tools ( contains just adb and fastboot binaries - less than 1mb in size each ) : platform-tools_r19.0.1-windows . zip platform-tools_r19.0.1-linux . zip platform-tools_r19.0.1-macosx . zip the previous r18 version : platform-tools_r18.0.1-windows . zip platform-tools_r18.0.1-linux . zip platform-tools_r18.0.1-macosx . zip the r17 version : platform-tools_r17-windows . zip platform-tools_r17-linux . zip platform-tools_r17-macosx . zip for users of ubuntu and debian ( distributions i personally use ) i have put together a small bash script which finds and installs the latest version of the platform tools - installing android platform tools ( adb ) on ubuntu
in fact , it is not necessary to install the entire sdk if one does not want to use it for development . to be able to run basic adb commands in the context needed by an average user , a rudimentary installation is completely sufficient . i will try to explain how to do this , and hopefully cover the most used computer systems . requirements first , you will need the basic binaries . these can be found e.g. on the download page of qtadb . files have been removed there , but are available at : binaries for linux ( alternative source ) binaries for windows ( alternative source ) binaries for macos also see alex ' answer for more alternative sources . above " minimal downloads " are extracted from there , so from alex ' sources you get them first-hand and just have to extract the binaries yourselves . ( remark : qtadb is an excellent graphical tool to manage your android device , including a graphical file manager , app manager , and more . some things require your device to be rooted , though . ) windows users if your computer is running windows , you will also need the special drivers for your device ( no generic solution here , so you need to check this out yourself ; usually , those drivers are offered for download on the manufacturer 's website ) . linux and mac os users linux and mac os users might need to make their device known to their operating system . for linux , you find the necessary steps described in my answer here . not being familiar with mac os , i can not speak for it . installation linux for linux , this is quite easy : simply unpack the downloaded binaries into a directory of your choice . at the time i am writing this , this will only be two files : adb and aapt ( the latter being used by qtadb , and not necessarily needed to execute adb commands directly ) . adjust their file permissions to make them executable ( e . g . from the command line : chmod 0755 adb aapt ) . finally , it is a good idea to include the chosen directory with your $PATH variable , so you can call adb from wherever you are . a good place for that is at the end of your ~/.profile file to include an additional line like export PATH="~/bin:$PATH" ( if you extracted the binaries to ~/bin ) . windows the windows download holds a couple more files . also extract them into a directory of your choice . if you want them to be callable from wherever you are , without preceding the complete path , you need to add that path to your environment variables as well . not being a windows user , i must leave the " how to do this " to you . what else ? you should be done at this point , and can use the full powers of the adb command line . further readings everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via xda developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
to see alternate routes , you need to use navigation as opposed to maps . if you already have maps open , click the blue arrowhead in the upper right to switch to navigation , then click the context button on your phone , then select Route Info , then click the third button to the right along the bottom which will have both a dashed and solid line going to a map pin . alternate routes will appear , and you can select them along the top of the route info map .
i have observed that in navigation mode the routes displayed are from the current location and not between the two locations selected .
depending on the recording app installed , that could be done by calling the corresponding activity via the am ( activity manager ) . the syntax for this is explained on the adb help page : start [options] &lt;INTENT&gt;  example given : am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW  this means , you first have to find the corresponding intent . this can be done using any manifest browser ( there are several apps available ) , or e.g. using the activity browser integrated with apex launcher ( long-tap free space on homescreen , select shortcut , then activity ) . the am call then can either be initiated from within a terminal in the way described above , or via adb by prefixing the call with adb shell , e.g. adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW . see also : http://en.androidwiki.com/wiki/adb_shell_command_reference
there are a number of apps in the market that allow access to apps only after inputting a password . for your second problem , i hope there is some way of preventing a user from putting a sim of choice ( either by encasing the device in a lockable case or something ) and then configuring your wifi router to only allow access to the site in question and block all other requests .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
for random shut downs , that is definitely a loose battery problem . stick some dental floss ( i used oral-b glide floss ) in the side opposite the battery connectors . i used that floss because it is a bit spongy when you bunch it up but at the same time hard . used about 1.5 feet of it bundled up in my nexus s phone . when you push the battery in , make sure it is tight , but not too tight . this will force the battery to remain contacted at the pins . when the battery is loose and can disconnect from the pins ( for even a fraction of a second ) , you get an open circuit and the phone shuts off completely ( no power ) .
android runs the linux kernel for the core system and it can be ( and is ) optimized for various platforms ( compiled for arm , x86 , x64 , ppc , etc ) . here is a fantastic graphic to demonstrate this for you : source : post on unix . se android relies on linux version 2.6 for core system services such as security , memory management , process management , network stack , and driver model . the kernel also acts as an abstraction layer between the hardware and the rest of the software stack . source : http://developer.android.com/guide/basics/what-is-android.html and my comment on your second sentence is that linux kernel is not meant for only desktop operating systems . its use cases vary from desktop os to servers , mainframes and supercomputers to embedded devices . linux is a widely ported operating system kernel . due to its low cost and ease of customization , the linux kernel is used on a highly diverse range of computer architectures : in the hand-held devices and the mainframe systems , in devices ranging from mobile phones to supercomputers . on the other note : palm ( later acquired by hp ) use linux-derived operating system , webos , which is used into its line of palm pre smartphones . several network firewalls and routers from makers such as cisco/linksys use customized linux kernel . there are tons of devices out there which are using embedded linux .
stock keyboard ( as well as most 3rd-party keyboard apps ) has both auto-correct and auto-completion ( a . k.a. " suggestions" ) built in . access the keyboard settings via settings -> language and input -> android keyboard . from there you can enable and fine-tune the auto correction and suggestion options .
the broadcast channel is surely using radio data system ( rds ) , also called radio broadcast data system ( rbds ) in the united states . it is now common practice ( at least in my country ) to transmit informations like channel 's name , programme 's name or song 's name with this system . your app simply receives and parses these data to display it , like a compatible radio set or car 's radio would do .
one imagines they have built in something like shazam ; an app which fingerprints audio then looks it up in a database ( http://news.cnet.com/8301-1023_3-57617885-93/more-countries-can-shazam-songs-and-listen-on-rdio ) . i doubt the broadcaster has anything to do with it .
you do not have to go via your browser ( chrome , or some other browser in this case ) to reset your default app settings though , you can do this from settings > apps . click the " settings " dots in the top right hand corner and then choose " reset app preferences " . your phone will now reset all app preferences and start asking you again what browser to use .
i have been using locale to turn on wifi and to switch to 2g based on location and have seen battery life improve . this was on my rooted g1/cm5 and also on my g2/cm6 . on my g2 , keeping wifi on at home and turning to 2g when at work improves battery life a lot . i also turn off sync while at work .
i am the developer of locale . battery life is a key metric that we test extensively . the only feature in locale that has any real effect on the battery is the location condition . at the time of this writing , the location condition in locale 1.4.3 can accurately detect 100-meter location changes within 4 minutes on average , while using 3% or less of the battery . if you have configured locale to turn wi-fi or bluetooth on/off , then battery life may actually improve depending on the exact configuration .
if you trigger events by gps co-ordinates ( and possibly wifi ) , then they will drain your battery significantly , like any other gps app would do . if you trigger events by date/time , etc . then you will experience minimal battery reduction . often the benefits of these apps weigh beyond any downside , i.e. turning your brightness down or screen timeout down when your battery is getting low .
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
i am a long-time user of locale and a fairly new user of tasker . i find both to be very helpful tools in managing my device automatically . i use locale for all gps-related tasks . vibrate when at work between work hours . silent when at home between sleeping hours . when i first installed tasker i ported over these profiles and found that my battery life was decreased dramatically no matter how i tweaked the polling settings . tasker is more of a action/response application in my setup . when placed in the car dock , tasker autokills the car home application , enables bluetooth , and launches google navigation . when headphones are plugged in launch the cubed music player . disable vibration on all notifications when the computer usb cable is plugged in . i do not mind running both or having paid for both but i was disappointed in that i could not accomplish everything in tasker . the dual setup gives me at least 30% more battery life than running tasker alone . if you do choose tasker , be sure to experiment with the polling frequency of gps and network-based location . that also helps vary the battery usage dramatically .
do not forget that when using sensor based profiles . . combine them with non-sensor based . . like dont use a profile that will only check light level and adjust the display . . combine it with ' display on ' and a cooldown of some minutes . . and dont let it change level if it already has that level . . the battery use is in the hands of the user . check every profile you create if it uses any additional battery and if so . . tweak it . always have your location checked on cell instead of gps and if more accuracy is needed , still have your gps triggered by cell near . . so you get near an area , that will turn on the gps . . trigger your app . . . and have it switch off gps as soon as app is killed . . . when configuring cell near , let it ' roam ' for at least a minute , so you get all the cells needed . this kind of making tasks will make tasker a true battery saver .
as locale , tasker tries to minimize battery drain . of course , if using gps location , it needs to check gps -- which itself consumes a lot of battery when permanently updating the current position . but there is an easy solution to this issue . combining location conditions is where saving can kick-in : if you only need a raw position , stay with the cell near condition . as cells are either known to the system for telephony issues , this needs no " extra power " . if cell near is not exact enough , going with network based location is a little more accurate -- though this requires a little more battery power as well . if you need an as-accurate-as-possible location , combine conditions . e.g. put a cell near condition for the raw location , and add a gps position for more accuracy . tasker then would use gps only when the cell near condition matches . this way you have the best of two worlds : energy saving while not close to the configured locations , and accuracy for triggering the desired action .
when you setup a mail for exchange , the default synchronization mode is direct push . with direct push , the device maintains an open connection so that information is delivered to the device as it becomes available . the setting for direct push in mail for exchange is called “always on . ” the alternative is a scheduled push mode where the device is set to check for new messages at a set interval . though direct push offers more up-to-the-minute message delivery , for some users , increased battery consumption may be a trade-off . if your battery is not lasting as long as you would like , set a scheduled push interval by changing the peak sync schedule and off-peak sync schedule in mail for exchange . so you can setup high-frequent mail checks with peak schedules for the time periods when you get more emails and off peak schedules when you normally do not receive more emails , ( e . g . after office hours . ) should you require how-to on setting up the schedules , refer this article .
as mentioned on it is wikipedia page , android 's core is developed in c and c++ , and java is used for the ui . you can see this for yourself if you browse the android source code . for example , omapzoom . org provides the source for browsing without the need to downloads gigabytes of data .
as you told in question itself , android is linux based . so obviously the core is developed using c . on top of this , java is used for ui ( ie : android ) .
try going to Settings > Applications Manager > All > Google Play Store and then click Uninstall updates . it could be that the play store data has been corrupted . this will downgrade play store and might make it possible for you to launch play store which will then update itself in the background , but hopefully correctly this time .
f-droid is a good alternative to google play . if you are a developer , or just want to see the source , all its applications have open source repositories . if the applications you need are included in it , it will alert you when there are updates in its repository .
it is a known issue with the applocker app : http://code.google.com/p/applocker/issues/detail?id=8 it creates too many linux processes , causing devices to slow way down due to lack of memory .
there is the logcat which is almost always the first thing you should look at when you are experiencing any issues . then you need to distinguish between the app locking up , which will may cause an " application not responding " dialog at worst , and framework lock up , which usually will cause a hard reboot at worst . in the case of framework lock up , logcat may not necessarily be able to reliably capture all log information but usually you may still be able to catch the cause of the lock up by looking at what is happening a few minutes prior to the lock up . for small janks , there are debugging tools that can help , but they require you to install the large-ish sdk , and most only work when the applications are set to allow debugging .
problem with most log files is : they do not survive a boot , as they are stored on tmpfs ( a temporary file system in ram ) . so once you have to boot , they are gone . leaving your best chances to some app capturing the log and saving the capture to sdcard . as far as i know , alogcat is capable of that . an alternative is to send the log to another machine ( such as a pc ) via wifi , which can be done using logcat udp . the so-captured log might not directly mention the cause ( as the freeze probably keeps the final bytes from being sent/written ) , but at least it should yield some useful information of what was going on at the time of the freeze . some other sources you might want to check : where are log files located on android ? how can i view and examine the android log ? plus check the " related " section to the right of this page : )
switch off your mobile remove your mobile battery and sim card press your power button for 10 seconds replace your battery and sim card switch on your mobile issue cleared it worked for me : )
this is a problem with your phone , that it only shows the sms on your phone , not on the sim . if you go into your sms application , and check in settings , you should have an option which says something like : Manage SIM SMS . from there , you should be able to delete the sms in your sim . other option is to insert your sim in another phone ( probably an old phone will have access to your sims sms ) and try it from there . yet another optio is to try some sms management application like handcent or gosms which may enable your to erase sms from the sim , though i have not tried these applications , as it is been a long time since i lat used sms
i do not know specific to your device . but normally in android it is like this : settings > > language and input > > language
there is not , and there are several reasons why this list would be bad for android users:- every new app starts at zero downloads . focusing on the number of downloads alone would keep old apps at the top of the list , even if they have stopped being updated , while making it much harder for new apps to take off . even among apps that are all as popular as each other , the older one would always be higher in the list . if a million people downloaded an app but uninstalled it right away , that means it is less likely to be good , not more likely . using only number of downloads would give you the wrong information . free apps get more downloads than paid apps , because there is less risk : if it does not do what you want , or it does not work , or you just do not like it , you can uninstall it again . there is already a widespread feeling in the industry that only free apps can survive in the market , for this reason . this is what is led to the growth of apps with ads ( and no option to pay to remove them ) , and microtransaction-based games . making a list based on only downloads would further depress the sales of paid apps , driving the industry towards making more microtransaction-based games and apps . google play already has a big problem with fake downloads , ratings , and reviews . unscrupulous developers pay ( say ) $1 a time for a download with a five-star rating . the download might be performed by a user in an affiliate scheme ( so he gets paid , or some other reward , for downloading the app ) or using devices with malware . it is an arms race between google finding these scams , and the unscrupulous agencies performing them . the fact that google keeps the exact method it uses to decide which apps to show secret is its main tool in making the system hard-to-game . having a list based on downloads alone would make fake-downloads more effective , which in turn makes the list even less useful , and would increase the value to hackers of compromised android devices and google accounts . it seems you have already realised a little about these differences : in one part of your question , you ask about " number of downloads " , then about " which apps people are downloading the most " ( i.e. . recently , not total number of downloads ever ) , and then later you want to know " which apps are actually used the most " . these are all different quantities . to come up with the right answer to all your questions , you need a number that is based on the number of downloads over time , weighted to take more recent popularity into account more , along with the " bounce rate " ( how many users uninstall the app right away or after a single use ) , and users ' ratings , also considering the statistical difference between free and paid apps . on top of this , it needs to discourage people gaming the system by not giving too much weight to any one parameter . this is exactly what google play already does .
this answer cheats a little , by suggesting a competitor site for downloads . i use appbrain appmarket , because its recommendations are broader , and collected over a variety of dimensions - hot today , hot this week , all-time popular , highest rated , latest , popular by country , demographics ( men , women , age ( young , 20s , 30s , and older ) ) . this is more data than google 's play store carries or reports .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
i had juice defender on my nexus 4 . when i upgraded to 4.4 , i had to uninstall it to get automatic wi-fi reconnection . still rooted , and all is well .
i found out what the problem was : on every single device there were ' battery saver ' apps installed . the devices are in my workplace , so i am not the only one who uses them and someone must have installed those apps . i did not care for them until now and they never did any harm , but they somehow must've interferred with the new 4.4 android . after uninstalling them everything is fine on all devices : )
i read that this happen to phones that are rooted , if your phone is , try to restablish to original configuration and updated it .
if you are using a custom rom ( like cyanogenmod ) or stock android go to Settings&gt;Display&gt;Automatic backlight . click on enable and select the window length option to change the time according to your needs .
rooted or not : logging in via adb shell first brings you to a user-prompt only ( connected with the " shell " account ) . in order to work with root , you need to " escalate " your permissions by invoking su: &gt; adb shell shell@mako:/ $ su #  apart from that , there are a few root checker apps available as well . . .
sounds like you actually did type up your message , but hit the back key by accident , or , did not supply the number for the intended person to receive your text , which gets saved in drafts . when you go into messaging , you should see " ( draft ) " by the message , go into that message and there should be a ' send ' button beside the text entry box where you compose the message , tap that , it should go straight away . try it and let us know how that goes for you . : )
i doubt very much that your battery is actually gaining energy , what with the conservation of energy and all that . instead i imagine that the meter is fairly inaccurate , and is inaccurate in a different way just after you turn on the phone , than when the phone has been running a while .
after trying to recall my lock pattern a few more times , i noticed i had previously overlooked the " forgot password " text that was an inch or two below the lock pattern . the text blended in with my tablet 's background and was barely visible . chalk this one up to a clear case of operator failure .
if you move and the signal gets stronger , that does not mean you moved closer to the wi-fi hotspot . because of shadowing and reflections , the signal strength varies unpredictably from place to place . the signal your phone receives is almost never a direct , line-of-sight signal , unless both you and the hotspot are in a huge , empty field . you had have to measure almost every point in the room to find the very best signal : any kind of " warmer , colder " method is not going to work at all . your best bet is just to tune it like a tv : try all the places you can put the phone down , and just see which one gives you the best signal . you do not need to go by the indicator on the notification bar , though : there are many apps that will tell you the received signal strength of all the wi-fi networks in the area . wi-fi analyzer is one ad-supported example , and there are lots more .
your phone only gets authenticated and can see signal strength but do not recieve data . that is a common problem even in newer phones . because every phone is other , there are more possible solutions : solution 1: on your phone under settings> > wifi > > hold the name of your network > > now click on forgot network . now reboot the phone and modem/router and try to connect the wi-fi again . solution 2: pull out the phone battery while it is working and re-install after 30 second . phone will reboot again now try to connect to network and check internet connectivity . solution 3: you can browse to settings> > wifi > > then press left menu key and click on advanced . now check that wi-fi timer is not off . if wi-fi timer is on then turn it off . now disable wi-fi and again enable it . now check the connectivity on android . solution 4 ( important ) : update your phone , modem and wi-fi router time and date to match the internet provider time and date . this is very important because 2 out of 10 cases are because of this issue . solution-5 check the internet connectivity after disabling the antivirus and mobile data .
unfortunately since you got it with mk2 you can not just install cwm or twrp . you can make a stock nandroid recovery backup . if you want to be able to flash roms in the future though , your going to need to look into the thread on xda for your phone named safestrap . i know they were working on getting it working on 4.3 but i am not certain . it was originally made for anyone who took the mf3 firmware ota update which locked down the firmware and patched the loki exploit . i am still using the old mdl bootloader so i have not checked the status of safestrap recently .
i do not know if you can get an odin-flashable one , but you can do it with clockworkmod recovery and then restore it with it . you will have to install cwm recovery first if you do not have it already and then just make a backup which can be downloaded on the pc .
yea , but with the recent update , no option to do this , i thought that it was strange , so i got fed up and called samsung and they said with 4.0.4 that you actually can not place icons in the tray , fail samsung . all other previous versions allowed this , i would have assumed that this would be a standard thing , apparently not .
if you can access an adb shell , you can flash a recovery . if you open the recovery zip up and go to meta-inf/com/google/android/ you will find 2 files , you want " updater-script " . open this up with a text editor , and look for something that says dd followed by recovery . img . in that line near the end there should be something like " of=/dev/block/mtdblocknumbersnstuff " copy that line . from here on i will refer to that as " of=x " now go back to the zip folder and extract recovery . img to somewhere convienient . connect your phone to the computer and boot into recovery , then run adb push /path/to/recovery.img /data/recovery.img adb shell #cd data #ls  here it can output a bunch of stuff or nothing , but you are looking for " recovery . img " if you see it , good job , continue . if not , start over from the " adb push " command . dd if=recovery.img of=x  from there reboot back into recovery and you should see the recovery you just flashed .
with regards to the screenshot above try at the bottom of the list of apps under battery , if not try under settings > display and might be there somewhere
go to settings> > > battery> > > scroll down and uncheck the " display battery percentage " option .
battery percentage is used by users to charge the device based on the percentage ( if the charge &lt ; 25 % then charge the device till 100% and if not less then 25 % then do not charge in order to extend your battery life ) the below steps are common for all the android devices with version greater then android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) to the present android 4.4 ( kitkat ) only with some minor modifications . you can simply uncheck the show battery percentage in the settings . go to the settings> battery . in that you can see that the show battery percentage is checked . you can simply uncheck that and the battery percentage will not be displayed . if at all the check box is not under the battery menu then you might be having it under the display menu . last but not the least please check if your device is available for the update to android 4.4.4 if yes then go ahead with the update .
live wallpapers are not available for the wildfire .
live walls are available for wildfire if you install custom rom . for example i use wildpuzzlerom . but there are lags while you use some walls . processro is too slow . you can install custom kernel and increase frequency up to 768mhz .
Settings -&gt; Language and Input -&gt; Text-to-speech output -&gt; settings Gear for Google TTS -&gt; Install Voice Data . then , click on us or uk for english voices , and download the male voice !
if you go to settings in google now and select voice> english uk , you get the male voice .
i have jelly bean 4.1.1 , and i was able to change the text-to-speech output setting to english ( united kingdom ) , which is a male voice . the setting is at Settings | Language &amp; input | Text-to-speech output | Preferred Engine | (settings icon) | Language . however , google now is still giving me output in the english ( united states ) ( female ) voice . changing the Voice | Language setting in google now to any flavor of english also had no effect . i am afraid that for the moment google now is only giving one option for english text-to-speech . ( i am in the u.s. , so i can not fully test it , but what i have seen jives with what you posted . )
the default pico tts engine on android is only a female voice . your phone probably came with a second voice engine that has a male voice , and it sounds like the voice engine somehow got switched from that to pico . to change it back ( on 2.3 aka gingerbread ) , open Settings -> Voice input &amp; output -> Text-to-speech settings , and click on Default Engine . change the default engine back to the other option . you can then Listen to an example to make sure it is set correctly . ics and jellybean should have similar options to change the voice engine .
not sure if this question can be answered any more , because i have had the english uk male voice back for a while now . turns out it was google changing things - not me . just one day it reverted back to the male voice . thanks to the guys who answered though ! : )
does it say " you have no subscriptions with unread items . " ? if not , then you may need to synchronise with your google account , or add some feeds manually . if you have synchronised with your google account , and/or have added feeds , you should be able to press Menu &gt; Show all this should display all of your subscriptions , whether they have new items or not . to go back to updated only : Menu &gt; Show updated
on the main screen of the app press the Menu button and select Show all . you should see a list of all your subscriptions below the SUBSCRIPTIONS heading , with unread items showing in bold and the unread count to the right . it should look similar to this : if you do not see anything listed there , you might want to double check the account you are using with the app by pressing the Menu button , and going to the Accounts option . there you can select your google account , and check if syncing is enabled for google reader .
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
if you are sure they are right , the app is buggy and we can not help you , facebook has changed their protocol/accessibility ( and the app is out of date/will not work anymore ) and we can not help you , or possibly you are not connected to the internet and you should connect , or the port the app uses is blocked and we can not help you .
from your description , there are two obvious possibilities . the first is that some static electricity or oil on the touch screen is causing it to think you are touching it . try giving the screen a good wipe . also , earth yourself by holding a metal water pipe with one hand , and cover the screen with your other hand . the alternative is a manufacturing defect in the touch screen . faulty touch screens are quite a common problem with cheaper tablets . if you can manage to do this with all the false touches , try to install a paint program from google play and run it on your tablet . leave the paint program running for a few minutes , and any false touches will paint on the screen . you can see where they are happening . you may see a pattern to them , such as all being in one strip of the screen , or always at one point . that would confirm that it is a fault in the touch screen , in which case you should return your tablet and get it replaced .
you might want to give default app manager a try : default app manager is a simple yet very functional app to manage ( set defaults , clear/reset defaults ) default applications for different types of actions that android does . unlike other applications that allow you to manage defaults for only one-two types of categories , this app allows to you to manage for almost all the common actions .
it appears that you have already tested the surest way . attempt to download the app and it will specify it is compatibility . you still might not be absolutely sure until you actually try to run the application . as mentioned in the comment , you can ask the developer or communicate with others who have used the app ( via feedback on google play or the author 's provided web site ) . the only way the author can be totally sure is by testing it on every android , or getting feedback from his users . there are many occasions where based on feedback the author has to go back to the drawing board to working glitches to support some devices originally thought to be compatible . i have a number of androids . i just clicked on the install option and find that it is compatible with my samsung galaxy s3 , my very old phone ( the samsung galaxy prevail ) . however it is not compatible with my samsung galaxy tab7 or my acer-7 tablet . by the way , good question . it really appears there should be something specific since play google is using some criteria to display compatibility .
try bird bar . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mikedg.android.bar.lite and now , for the rest of my 30 characters . . .
since you have evervolv 's rom i assume you have a custom recovery . backup all the files on your sd card . boot to recovery and partition your sd card . i would suggest at 1gb for sd ext .
this will only allow you to install apps automatically onto the sd card if : they have set the app to install onto the sd card ' auto ' they allow you to install onto the sd card most likely , the app ( s ) you are trying to download does not have an auto setting for sd card install , and it cannot be installed onto the sd card .
ota updates are country specific . in india 4.2 is not officially available for i9250 . you can wait for official ota or install manually as @geffchang suggested .
try adb sideload from this tutorial . then use sideload again to update from 4.2 to 4.2.2 ( it is much faster ) . you do not need root or flash bootloader .
the devices which were bought from google play are takju and the ones from samsung are akju . i think your phone is yakju ( google play did not sell devices in india ) . takju gets all updates directly from google . if you want to get all updates from google at the time of release you have to convert to takju . how can you do that please follow below to convert from yakju to takju ( stock ) without losing your data/apps : ( assuming you know adb and fastboot and have set them up on your computer . also assuming that bootloader is unlocked ) [ please read before you implement ] download the 4.2 factory images for takju extract files using 7-zip on windows ( you need to extract twice and will get the files as : bootloader-xxx . img ; radio-xxx . img and image-xxx . zip ) copy these files to the location android-sdk/platform-tools/ ( if you have the android-sdk installed or to the location where adb and fastboot is ) plug in your galaxy nexus ( ensure debug option is enabled under developer settings follow these commands : a . adb reboot bootloader b . fastboot flash bootloader bootloader-xxx.img c . fastboot reboot-bootloader d . fastboot flash radio radio-xxx.img e . fastboot reboot-bootloader f . fastboot update image-xxx.zip this would update your galaxy nexus from stock 4.1.2 ( yakju ) to stock 4.2 ( takju ) without losing any data/apps note : if you are using windows , follow this video tutorial to setup adb and fastboot if you are on mac , use ./ before the commands for execution note 2: with this method you do not need to remove the userdata . img as the command fastboot update image-xxx.zip does not touch the userdata on your device . *disclaimer : tried with unlocked bootloader , but you follow these at your own risk . or you can download factory image for yakju from here and try similar step above for just updating ( without converting from yakju to takju )
official ota updates 4.2.1 are started for i9250 in india . i received it on 20-mar-2013 . check for updates from your system settings .
it is possible that india has not yet received this update yet . if that is the case , then you need to update it manually . this would require root access . here 's a manual update guide , in case you decide not to wait for an ota update , which may never come . edit #1: if india already has it , and your phone cannot detect it , try this : go to `settings > apps > all " . look for google services framework , and click force stop button and clear data button .
try the sim info app ; it gives you information about your sim , including your number .
how about taking the sim out and see the number printed on its back side ( the other side of the contact surface ) or next to it ? just thought to say this just in case if you are not aware of !
the best way actually is to dial *#06# on your android phone and it will pop up .
try the sim card details app , this is the best . easy to copy the numbers you get .
or you can dial *1# from your mobile number
i think the best solution is sim card manager .
i found that killing the process associated with the notification worked , with the annoyance of resetting my wallpaper . plugging in something , then unplugging it inappropriately then swiping out the message for that seems to work perfectly . of course , its still a bug , and its an utterly improper way to unmount a drive but it seems to work
yeah this happens on moto x too . you can long press on the notification and click on app info . then force stop the application that posted the notification ( system ui ) . doing so does not seem to affect anything else . annoying we have to do that but better than restarting phone .
thats probably a bug . almost every moto g users are facing that issue . it is expected to be solved in the future update . inform motorola about your issue .
no , you cannot change the resolution of android in vnc in a standard way . however , some android phones have additional functions to support hdmi ( which results in running android at a higher resolution ) . if you can somehow tap into that functionality in conjunction with vnc , then you might be able to get a 480p , 720p , and 1080p option . but this is something that would be highly customized to a single phone as all of the different hdmi implementations seem to vary tremendously . one other option that would be yet another one-off possibility ( with some custom work ) would be if your phone supports webtop functionality . if so , perhaps you could tap into this . however , there is no third-party app that does what you are wanting . to do this , you will have to develop or find somebody to develop this highly-customized solution . as other have suggested , you are probably not going to get much better than changing the lcd density , which clearly is not what you are after .
try changing lcd density and see if that works for you http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/change-android-screen-resolution-with-lcd-density/
not quite the answer to your question , but you could run an android emulator ( on a desktop computer ) created with your desired resolution , and run the vnc server on that .
have you searched in the market using " google " as the publisher ? gmail / maps / search are available there . also found this link - http://handheld.softpedia.com/get/internet-utilities/instant-messenger/gtalk-106808.shtml
installing from market is preferrable , but you probably can sideload them if you exhausted all other avenues . download the apk : http://forum.samdroid.net/f10/google-updates-3468/ if you have adb , then you can install the apk using adb install . if you do not have adb , then save those apks to the sd card and use a file manager ( e . g . astro , estrongs , etc ) to install them . you need to enable non-market installation : settings > applications > unknown sources
with google now/voice actions i do not think there is any way to do this . some actions will happen automatically after a short delay ( "note to self . . . " is one i know offhand ; there may be others ) , but text messaging requires you to actually press the " send " button on the card that pops up . however , you could try a third-party app for these specific functions that you had like to be completely hands-free . dragon works a bit more closely to siri , acting in a conversational manner , and will prompt you for a " yes/no " to send a message in a very similar fashion . skyvi is another option you could try , which will send text messages automatically after a 5 second delay ( during which time you can press a " cancel " button to stop the sending ) .
usual solution is to remove and re-add the account , on your mobile outlook.com. generally that works . ( obviously you will lose any mails and unsent outgoing mails ( manually save unsent outgoing mails first with some file-manager app , if you need them ) ) . be warned : outlook.com's android sync is very brittle , and their support is nearly non-existent . beware of taking over-the-wire android updates .
you can use widgetlocker as @onik said , but if you search for " lock screen " at the android market you will have a lot of alternatives , like for example wp7lock
try widgetlocker , it is very customizable and my favorite .
you can use it as anti-theft device for your bike or anti-burglary system for your home . http://oplasoft.wordpress.com/products-3/
you can still use all the functions of the phone ( except carrier based calling of course ) without a carrier contract . however , the cell radio will eat up battery hugely ! to turn off the radio , dial *#*#4636#*#* , scroll down and click the " turn off radio " button . bluetooth and wifi will still function normally . if your phone is rooted you can actually turn the radio off by setting a script to run that will automatically turn off the radio at boot time : create a script as a text file at the root of your sd card containing this text : # ! /system/bin/sh # ! /system/bin/radiooptions radiooptions 1 install script manager app . open script manager and then select the script you created . check the " run as root " option and the " run at boot " checkboxes . click the " save " button , and then click " run " to test . i do exactly this with my old og droid myself and use it as a dashboard cam when i am driving to record in case i am in an accident .
if the phone is part of a carrier contract and the contract is still active , you might still be liable to pay the bill until the contract ends or you might have to pay early termination fee . if you truly owned the device ( i.e. . the contract has ended or you purchased it without contract ) , then just contact your carrier and tell them that you are disabling the service ( or transferring it to your new phone ) . android should still work as a wifi-only device . obviously since the phone will no longer has an always-on internet connection , so you might need to make adjustments to how you use the phone as you find certain applications becomes useless without an always-on internet connection . for example , live train/bus schedule application becomes useless and you would find an alternative that stores their data offline , google map might become less attractive , and apps that polls data every 5 minutes becomes just a battery waster since it can not get you the latest data anyway .
with some certain programming and a google voice number , you instantly have a wifi sipphone . basically free calls anywhere as long as you do not need 911 service on it . all you would need is sipdroid a google voice number and the google voice program on the device . search around the net and you will find how .
yeah , just put it in airplane mode . hold the power button for a second and choose it from the pop-up menu .
if the sim card 's been taken out , then you should be able to use it as a pda , an mp3/video player , a pocket gaming device or even a mini web browsing tablet over wifi without any problems . this is exactly the same as the people who reuse their old iphones as ipod touches for family members .
i have an original motorola droid that no longer has phone service , but it works great as a wifi device . it does almost everything except make phone calls and texts . android market works , amazon app store works . google maps has a feature ( look under the labs menu ) to pre-cache 10-mile square areas of a map . then you can see where you are even when you do not have an internet connection . i have even had it navigate somewhere with me , as long as it has wifi coverage at the start , and as long as i do not go off course . browser works . wifi analyzer works . it is still a great device even if it is wifi only .
first you need to enable the option to install application through unknown sources , you can achieve this in Settings &gt;&gt; Applications &gt;&gt; Unknown Sources  then you can use adb to install applications from your pc or use astro file manger to install applications in your sd card .
depending on your firmware version , you might be able to abuse the ability turn-on engineering mode . taken from streaksmart : dial *#*#307#*#* on your streak . other than a quick flash on the screen , it will look like nothing has happened . go to your app drawer/program menu and tap a new icon labeled emlist . if the icon is not there , turn off the streak . it should be there when you turn it on again . scroll to the bottom and tap app_security . tap update unknown resource property to enable it . this will be the only way without installing a custom rom ( google streakdroid )
you can have app-specific notification settings . have you gone into the settings of the offending apps to see whether they are set to vibrate on notifications ?
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
i found this application in play store but i am not sure if it works or not . just give it a try its safe to use . here - defaultapp reset
try resetting the default wall paper setting by following these steps ( described for samsung 's 4.0 ; see also this question ) : Menu | Settings | Applications | All | TwWallpaperChooser | Clear defaults if you also want to reset the settings of your wallpaper application follow these steps : Menu | Settings | Applications | (said application) | Clear data
go to settings--> apps--> gallery ( or any other wallpaper browser app that you have used to set the wallpaper ) --> Clear Data and Clear Cache .
the problem is that wiping data requires to overwrite it . on todays devices with lots of in-device flash memory and large sd-cards this can take a while - up to several hours . this leaves a lot for the attacker to interrupt this process and try again . therefore wiping triggered by false login attempts is only reasonable if your data is encrypted . then you wipe the device by simply erase the key from memory that is required to read/write your data . since android honeycomb ( 3.0 ) you have the possibility to encrypt all your data and to erase the device if the wrong password/pin has been entered several times . therefore what you want to achieve is only possible with android tablets at the moment . for smartphones you have to wait for android ( 4.0 ) ice cream sandwich .
apparently , this might not be a built-in security option in the os itself , but exchange activesync can enforce this requirement .
you could easily hide by using custom launchers like apex or nova . but if this is not an option , you could try apps available on google play like [ ccswe app manager ( root ) ] or [ hide app-hide application icon ] which needs root access . *i want you to read the user feedbacks on google play before consider using the app because some said the icon gone forever after it was unhide . you can also try to disable the app from setting -> apps . this will hide app icon from app drawer . you can enable it again when you need it .
i know this answer 's a bit late , but you have not received a good one yet ! in titanium backup , you can do menu -> more -> overview of app storage use , then order by data size . not only will you have your apps sorted by data size , ti shows you the size with graphical bars , so you can compare apps at a glance and see what is huge vs . tiny . see the last screenshot on the market ( the free version ) for an example . another option : app 2 sd by sam lu . not as pretty , and the apps are split over 3 screens , but it is possible by doing menu -> sort by -> data size . finally , if you have a rooted phone and an ext partition , you can move some or all of your data to the ext partition and gain tons of space !
check out diskusage . it'll let you see what is consuming the most space on either internal or sd card .
1tap cleaner is capable of that , i use it all the time to clear data-hogging apps . once in the app choose cache cleaner then bring up the settings > sort by size > data size .
add the files to the /media/audio/ringtones directory on your sd card . see also : how do i set a custom mp3 as a ringtone for other notifications ?
open the . mp3 file in the stock media player , and from there choose menu> set as ringtone .
use ringdroid ! it is got a spectacular gui , it automatically finds all music files on your phone , and allows you to make custom ringtones and set them directly from the app . best ringtone app i have ever used .
the only known solution is to hard reset . . . . start the tab with volume up button home button pressed . . . select " hard format " from the menu ( be careful while doing this ) ( note:it will delete all apps , contacts and restore it to initial stage )
the answer is indeed as dan hulme mentioned : tap once on the notification ( sms , phone etc ) . this makes that notification shrink and fade , when in fact it is selecting it ; extremely unintuitive but that is the way they implemented it . . . this makes an empty grey box appear in the bottom half of the screen with no label . what you need to do now is drag across this box . again , no label , no instructions , no suggestion , bad ui ; but it does what you want : unlock the screen and go to the app corresponding to the notification ( sms , phone , etc ) . thanks dan for the answer .
the fact that you replaced your lcd and digitizer of the tablet may suggest that this will be a hardware problem . assuming that the device was functional before the ' surgery ' . you might want to double check all the connectors of the digitizer and or display . when that is all 100% correct you can consider that the digitizer will be dead on arrival . good luck . .
unfortunately there is no such function on android . there is something similar when using a pattern to unlock your phone . another solution would be third party software . also check this article on lifehacker for much more tips on improving your phones ' security http://lifehacker.com/three-ways-to-improve-your-androids-lock-screen-securi-1293317441
i recommend getting air swiper with which you can turn on your device just by swiping above the sensor ( which is located with your front camera ) , and you can also turn it off by swiping as well .
try using myphoneexplorer . this allows sms sending from computer via android machines . i have been using it for years .
no , it does not support sending text messages on pc
kies air does support sending of sms thru pc . you need to connect the pc and your handset with the same network .
you can not . but , on the other hand , you can use the kies air application , which you can obtain through samsung apps . it allows you to access your mobile on the desktop browser if both pc and phone share the same wifi network . then you would be able to send/recv messages on the desktop , amid many other things like accessing photos , videos , contacts , call logs , music , file system . . . and so on . it is like a small web interface to your mobile .
samsung kies - usb connection to pc : does not support sms sending kies air - wi-fi connection with device : supports sms sending
google maps for android does have a bicycle option . you just have to select it from the drop down menu .
first login to your google account in desktop and open google maps find the route you want to drive and to your left you can see save to my maps click it and save it in your google account then open your google maps in your android mobile in options you can see my places options click on it ( assuming you have internet connection ) the route will be opened in your map you can select get driving directions from there and it will be loaded in your android maps ; ) cheers . . . . . . . . . .
ota updates can only be applied to a completely stock , non-rooted phones , using the stock recovery . if you really want a completely stock gingerbread , you will need to un-root your nexus one and revert to froyo 's stock recovery . see instructions here . alternatively , you can flash one of the custom gingerbread roms . some are very close to " stock " ( only pre-rooted ) while others like cyanogenmod offer other tweaks on top of the original .
according to some users in this thread , application named " superoneclick " is able to successfully root your handset . you will need to install it on your computer ( various windows and linux flavors available ) .
you most likely switched on several feedback settings in settings&rarr ; developer options : developer options ( source : androidadvices . com ) in these screenshots the reason for the " white dot " wherever you touch the screen is already marked . additionally , you probably have enabled " show cpu usage " as well ( right screenshot , lower third ) . just turn everything off here which you do not know what it is for ; by default , nothing is checked in this menu .
i think the stock Contacts and Messaging apps do not have the option to hide the profile pictures . however , you can try go contacts ex and go sms pro . these are highly-customizable 3rd-party apps that allow you to hide profile pictures . i am sure other apps can hide the pictures two , but those are are what i have tried so far , and it works well .
check the following android apps on google play despy camera ( free ) volshutter camera
there are many apps . you can go with vosco which is my favorite one but without key mapping ( no hardware button to take pic ) but a great one . otherwise , camera360 is a good choice . also you can go with cameramx ( or mx camera maybe ) or line camera or cymera ( this one has a great range of photo editing tools as well ) . all of these can be customized to take pictures with volume key or so .
open hangouts app -> preference -> account -> logout .
there is no way to do this , other than to disable the hangout application itself . ( go to applications - hangount - click disable )
the availability option has been deprecated in hangout . to make yourself invisible or so , either you have to downgrade to gtalk or the easiest way you can do this by going to your gmail account from your pc . there you should find this availability option .
i am suggesting an app called powertutor ( free on the market ) . when you turn on the profiler , the app monitors the power usage of each applications and android subsystem , and give a detailed report of what application has been consuming the most battery . the idea is , you turn the profiler on , then use the phone as usual . be aware though , the power profiler itself is very power-hungry and it does not save the profiling result if the profiler is restarted , that means if your phone 's battery runs out before you can look at the report , you will just be wasting battery ( iow , you might need to wake up in the middle of the night to look at the report before your phone runs out of battery ; or you might need to put the phone on charger , which might affect the result of the profiling since some applications might behave differently when charged and when on battery ) .
i ended up trying several things mentioned in the xda-developer thread : changing the networkmode from gsm / wcdma automatic to either gsm or wcdma , xda-users claimed that switching between these two modes is a huge battery drainer . in my experience this was the most important one . installing a widget , so i could check whether bluetooth and gps were really turned off . especially gps could run in the background , after using google navigation , without displaying the icon . turn off syncing for apps you do not really use or rate limit updates to a larger interval . you can always update manually and getting new contact info once a day is more than enough ! remove widgets that need regular updates , even though the sync setting should have control this . as i am using a htc sense phone , i turned off all their proprietary apps , i simply do not trust the power usage of things like footprints . if you apply all these settings , you should manage to get a full days worth out of your battery , unless you play too much angry birds .
after trying out nearly every battery monitoring app i could find at the time , i ended up installing the free juicedefender and it is accompanying commercial licence juicedefender ultimate . i found this was a good tool as it learned my usage habits , and would automatically turn the radios on or off depending on where i was or what i was doing with the phone . combined with wiping the battery stats and a few recharging tricks , i managed to easily get a day of standby charge . if you are game to load a custom rom , you might be able to push the standby out to 2 days at the risk of bricking your phone if the flashing operation fails . the only other thing that i did not try is to see if there is a utility that can identify the many service apps running on the phone , and see if there is anything that might be turned off . it is not unusual to have an os running more services than are strictly necessary , even on a phone .
you can export the contacts from gmail , than edit in whatever editor you want and than import back to google . your phone should then update the changes . how to export from gmail : http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=24911 and how to edit the csv files : http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=12119topic=1669027ctx=topic there are also related links on the left ( for import and other questions ) if importing them back to google makes duplicates , remove all google contacts and then import from csv . if your phone does not currently use google contacts sync for it is contacts you can try a similar " hack " by exporting contacts to the sd card and then importing them back .
as mihic mentions a " similar hack " to process your accounts without google : open your contacts app open its settings chose to " export to file " the resulting export file stored on your sdcard is in .vcf ( vcard ) format , which can be read by many applications . as it is mainly plain-text ( except for embedded contact photos ) , you could do a basic search-and-replace with any plain-text-editor ( do not use a word processor like ms word ) , if you are careful ( a simple " replace a with ae might mess up things -- so take care to specify something more unique , or let the replace ask your confirmation for each single place ) . best make a copy first -- so in the worst case you still have the original . having finished that , you can import the resulting .vcf file the same way -- maybe after you emptied your contact list : open your contacts app open its settings chose to " import from file " select your new file , and import it
i could not find a native way either for that , and was wondering why it worked on one of my devices but not on the others . on the " working " device , i am using acalendar as a frontend to the google calendar , which also comes with a nice widget , and is really handy . acalendar also sends birthday reminders , shows them on the widget itself and also puts a hint in the notification bar which is hard to miss . so until you find a solution you like more , this would be a possibility .
kindly follow these steps : how to add your gmail contacts ' birthdays to google calendar add your gmail contacts ' birthdays to google calendar to add a calendar showing and alerting you to birthdays of your gmail contacts to google calendar : select settings | calendar settings in google calendar . go to the calendars tab . follow the browse interesting calendars » link under other calendars . open the more tab . click subscribe for contacts ' birthdays and events . sarah dee 's answer on why it is not possible to add notifications at birthday 's calendar ? please follow these steps : go to google.com/calendar so you are just viewing the regular home screen on the left hand side under other calendars , find friends ' birthdays , click the drop down arrow and select reminders and notifications from the menu under the event reminders section , click add a reminder , set the desired reminder click save
the boot.img that is responsible for booting up android , has their init scripts embedded in the ram disk of the actual boot.img which mounts the partitions into the respective /data , /cache , /system mount points respectively . by altering the init scripts to hit on the sdcard , could lead to an unstable system , furthermore , reducing the life of the sdcard via wear and tear of the sdcard - why ? the kernel when booting , is loading from the / which is within the same partition as the boot partition - hence the need for the ram disk to be present along with it . it is that , which gets loaded into memory - a temporary file-system , in order for the init scripts to be read in and executed . once the mount points are established , then the ram disk gets removed and thereby , the temporary file-system a lá ram disk , gets " flipped " over to the real partitions at a later stage during the bootstrap . this is where the ram disk comes in - only temporarily , it is through that , the whole process of booting can happen . the chicken and egg is this - the kernel prior to boot , has no idea what partitions are there ! not alone that , by hard-coding the sdcard into the kernel 's init parameter , which is a specific option that can be passed into the kernel upon boot in which it alters the kernel 's processing of the environment . the wear and tear of the sdcard would be significantly increased , not alone that , the entire android ecosystem would drastically change , the api 's have defined internal storage and external storage - so it could lead to confusion in where to store their own content providers for contacts etc , " are we sitting on a external storage or internal storage ? " from the perspective of android itself , bear in mind , the content providers itself are housed in internal storage and from an overall picture , its one of de-facto standard convention for android 's file-systems involved . so to sum up , i do not think that is possible , not ruling out its impossible either but if it can be done , chances are it will be tied intimately to the handset itself , give or take , what manufacturers put in there from a perspective of partition format types ( yaffs , emmc , linusstoreiii , and more importantly , the sdcard handling mechanism from the kernel/hardware viewpoint will be different - am talking about different io addresses here ) and not alone that , differing sizes of the partitions also , this would make the whole concept of android - not exactly portable either due to non-standard scripts found within the ram disk itself .
there are two kind of solutions . one is to repartition , as you do not mentioned what kind of android powered smartphone you have i will try to get deep and the other to move apps to microsd ( please read below ) . if your device has a mediatek cpu you can try meteos tool for repartitioning , you can find some details here http://www.modaco.com/topic/365701-re-partition-any-mtk6589-phone-without-a-pc-more-data-storage/ . this application can be used on the smartphone and repartition the memory to different sizes depending on the selection of the user and the limit of the memory itself . i have used it , it is very easy to be implemented . the other solution is to use something that is called link2sd . this although is not repartitioning the memory , it moves every app even other files to the microsd memory ( there are solution to run the whole rom from the microsd ) and have free space at the smartphone memory . this way it solves the problem of the internal low memory .
as far as i can tell and from links like this and also this link ( for different devices obviously ) it seems that once the usb is plugged in that is what will charge the device , and the wireless-charging is disabled . the nexus 4 has two main power circuits : 1 ) battery connector and charging circuit and 2 ) wireless charging gen2 circuit . these two work together with internal battery protection circuit as well . there are many controls going on while charging , such as current sensors , thermal sensors , voltage reference and voltage input detection . so basically it has been thought to avoid any problem if you happen to connect both charging supplies at the same time , as only one will act as the charger , and as far as i can understand the logic of it , it’s the usb charging that has priority over wireless charging .
when connecting to a mac , it is no longer a direct option , but there is an easy workaround . from the mac , download , install and start this app : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ the mac app will prompt you to connect your android . plug the android into a usb port . on the android , select “media sync” mode . on the mac , the file transfer app will show a window with file/folder selections . on the mac , open a finder window , then drag and drop files back and forth between finder and the android file transfer app . unlike the old “disk drive” option , the android file transfer app does not provide access via a mounted volume .
you do not need to disable anything :- ) step-by-step guide : update your recovery to the latest version download this 4.4.3 update and supersu place these files in sdcard boot in recovery wipe cache and dalvik cache flash 4.4.3 update and supersu ( ~15/25 mins ) reboot re-install x-posed framework from its installer re-install custom kernel now you have 4.4.3 and all of your customization without losing data ; - )
according to tested . com , reverting changes made by xposed , making the ota update and enabling xposed tweaks again should be enough . edit : sorry , you need to go back to full stock . here 's step by step guide : xda-developers .
i would do it by using the free version of endomondo . on your site profile , you can than export the data in . gpx or . tcx format .
you could try gps logger for android . a lightweight , battery efficient gps logger . the purpose of this app is to log your gps coordinates at specified intervals to a file on your sd card . this app runs in the background so that you can on a long walk , hike , flight ride or photo session or even go buy some milk and have this running as long as possible . once you are back at your computer , you can then use the files to geotag photos , upload to travel sites , view in google earth and so on . the app lets you send the data via email , ftp , dropbox , google docs , openstreetmap , or opengts . what you do with it , programming-wise , is entirely up to you ; this part is off-topic here .
the easiest way to do this is use google location sharing/history , a.k.a. latitude . your phone already has all the functionality to do this : you just need to turn it on . then , you can use the api of google location sharing to retrieve the location history of the phone and process it any way you like . you do not need any server-side programming to do this . all that said , probably the best way to get into gis programming is through openstreetmap . it is a huge , complex dataset and offers lots of opportunities for analysis and for learning about different ways of storing , representing , and processing geographic data .
according to " diana fromgameloft " on the gameloft forums : you and your friends have to play the same version of the game on the same platform/device in order to see each other . also " gameloft_ryan " posted on windows phone central forums to say : you can only play cross-platform multiplayer with w8 and wp8 users . there is not cross-platform for android and ios . so unfortunately it looks like gameloft have not included cross-platform multi-player in asphalt 8 , so you and your friend will not be able to play against each other .
it all depends on the developer . some games , like btd5 do not allow cross platform playing , however some do , like spaceteam . its up to the developer if he implements cross platform gaming or not . if its not offered , there is not much you can do about it .
sure is ! when you get your new android phone and sign in with your google account , it will automatically start to re download your apps ! if you want to root the new phone , and the previous one ( the one you own now ) was also rooted , you could use titanium backup as well to back up your apps and reinstall the them with all their data on the new device .
as the developer documentation describes , an app needs the permission com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE to receive gcm messages . this shows up in the permissions list as " receive data from internet " ( which is a little vague , i know ) . of course , the presence of the permission does not necessarily mean the app actually will use gcm . even if it does use gcm , it might not use it for all the uses you think it might use it for : maybe only some kinds of ' refresh ' or polling operations can be replaced by gcm uses . and even if it uses gcm fully , in all the ways you had expect , it is still possible for the app to use more power than it needs to . using gcm is no guarantee that the app is well-written or efficient .
i do not know if it works for flickr but you can use applications like molome or instagram to quickly share photos on both facebook and twitter .
this solution does not require any app : upload pictures by email to flickr . as a one-time setup , find your private flickr email address and i recommend you add it as a contact in gmail . then , from the gallery , share by email , and send it to your flickr email , optionally typing a description in the email subject . setup an ifttt rule to upload to facebook pictures you send to flickr . to make it simpler , you can reuse this recipe . benefits : you are not relying on any third-party app , and can use the standard android tools . you can queue images for upload ( sorting , entering descriptions , deleting locally ) , even if you are offline , say abroad with no wifi or data connectivity . the pictures will be queued in your email outbox and will be sent when you are back on the grid .
one solution would in fact be using a specialized photo app : fotor for android . next to a bunch of features for taking and editing photos , the app description mentions : using fotor you can easily share your amazing photos with friends and family ! share photos via email , facebook , twitter and flickr , with just one touch . which is exactly what you asked for . this app even supports hdr , and much more . . . so this would be your all-in-one solution . seems hard to beat . . .
what i wanted does not seem to be possible . it makes sense , really , as if it were possible it would represent a major security hole that would allow any app to gain root . i ended up wiping my phone and testing the quality of my backups . ( they were not as good as i would hoped . )
there are apps for that : use ota rootkeeper ( free ) or supersu pro ( paid ) . if the ota update has not touched your /system partition , these apps will work flawlessly . another requirement is ext2 , ext3 , ext4 file system . as you are with stock rom of galaxy nexus , this requirement has met .
i have also seen the 3 scrolling types you mention below , but it always seemed to me that the 3rd one was more a bug than a feature . the htc desire ( which i have too ) is not known to have a great digitizer , the part of the screen that handles the finger positions and movements . furthermore , it is not " multitouch " , meaning it cannot handle properly more than 1 finger on the screen , although there are tries to support it but i have never seen it work constantly good . see this page for more proof . it is true that it would be a nice feature , maybe on other phones with a better touchscreen and a further version of android with more gestures supported . why not for example scrolling down with 2 fingers would trigger a super-fast scroll or a " go to bottom " action ?
yet to find a way for chrome without installing a tablet ui rom . boat browser has this feature . after initial install it will dissapear if you scroll down the page . if you go to settings and lab , just tick the top option to show nav bar . dolphin browser also allows this but used too much battery and ran more sluggish to be worth it . i dont understand why chrome doesnt allow it . im on a note 1 . its a deal breaker browser feature for me .
you can also free space when you move the dalvik-cache to the sd-card . the problem is that android uses a cache for the applications effectively double the occupied space in the data partition . together with link2sd it can be very effective .
i do not know how much the installed size of the app is . but considering how the install process works , the explanation might be easy : the .apk is downloaded to /data/local ( internal storage ) for installation , it might require some unpacking , with temporary files again being created on internal storage only after that , the app will be stored to its final location ( in your case , link2sd would then take care to move things to your card ) checking with our insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you will find that the " insufficient memory " error is triggered when available free space on internal storage falls below ~ 25 mb . now let 's make a little math : you have got ~64 mb free there . the .apk is ~18 mb . we need to leave ~25 mb to not trigger the error . so : 64 - 18 - 25 = 21 . if the installation process requires more than 21 mb for temporary files , you have got your explanation . with the ( packed ) .apk file already being 18+ mb in size , it is very likely to break that limit . for a possible work-around , you might want to take a look at configure play store to download temporary files to sd card .
i like pretty pictures ( visual learner ) so i tried to combine the other answers into a generalized graphic : if anyone has any issues with this , point them out in a comment and i will update accordingly .
the manufacturer is responsible for the android updates ( not only if it is an ota update ) . but some carrier branded phones receive a different firmware as the unbranded ones because of custom carrier modifications , like removing the wifi tether feature . therefore a delay for an update can also be caused by the carrier . usually you will see an update first on unbranded devices and maybe later for the carrier branded ones . but there have also been cases where the carrier released an update that was not released officially for unbranded devices ( iirc a samsung device in the uk got 2.3 before it was officially released by samsung ) . to sum up : the main responsibility lies with the manufacturers but the carriers have a word to say too . which is imho a bad thing , that is why i prefer unbranded devices .
with the galaxy nexus it is sometimes tricky to tell who is responsible for the updates . there are ( at least ) four different variants of the gsm/hspa device and one cdma device . gsm/hspa : yakju takju yakjuxw yakjukr cdma : mysid there used to be an app in the play store which could tell if your updates come from samsung or google , but it is been removed for some reason . as far as i can tell , yakju and takju get the updates directly from google , and other variants get them from samsung or operators . this is why i flashed my yakjuxw device with the takju rom , no more delays from samsung .
if your handset is google nexus , then yes , google pushes out the ota updates . the rest is down to the carriers , depending on who you are with , what handset you have . edit : added more thought for clarity . some may not roll out the ota updates , its all dependent on the market , region . i am with o2 , and never get any ota updates what-so-ever . some manufacturers do include a ' pc companion ' suite that accompanies the handset and it is through that pc companion suite , that there may be a " firmware " update that is independant of the carrier used . that would be an exception to the rule , although the trend seems to be , to " use the official manufacturer 's handset companion software for windows " and to check on that regularly .
ok , i made a backup in case and then i performed the upgrade . end result : it did not wipe my data . it did not re-lock my fastboot , or any other side effect that i could find except updating the bootloader version either .
the " bars " actually just state the signal strength – so basically you could have all 5 or whatever bars , but no data at all . data speed depends on multiple other factors not all fully known to me ; one example is " available bandwidth " divided by " connected devices using it " . so if the capacity of the cell tower has been " reached " , even with full bars and superduperwhatsnot+++ data connection : highway full means stop-and-go . not sure if that is the case with your issue ( to find out , you had need to contact your provider/carrier ) – but at least it is one possible explanation . i would expect the device to switch to another " band " in such a case , though ; but it could be there is simply no other one available , or configuration keeps it from doing so .
go under settings - sound volumes -> check silent mode affects notifications . click ok under notifications , check vibrate on notification - in vibrate mode , all notifications will vibrate regardless of individual app settings . hope that helps .
what have you done after the factory reset -- installing everything you have had installed before ? best way to figure out where the problem is located is : backup as much as you can factory-reset the device do not yet install/restore anything ! check for a reasonable time whether the problem re-appears if it does right after the factory-reset , your device needs go to support ( or they need to send a firmware update/fix ) if it not re-appears , continue with 5 . if it does re-appear , you have found the app causing the issue . break here , see below . re-install/recover one app . repeat from 4 . if above steps resulted in an app being the cause , you have got multiple choices : re-configure the app and see if you can make the error go away uninstall the app and see if the problem goes away if none of the two works , start with step 2 . above and skip the bad app .
this sounds like a typical bluetooth interference problem . it happens to me from time to time , but i did not notice any correlation with the android version i use ( neither on n1 nor ns ) .
the problem is gone after a fresh install . now , there is no need to answer .
change your password then revoke it is access . also , start using application specific passwords and 2-step verification if you are not already . this makes it easier to control what gets access where . this should prompt who ever is using the phone to reauthorize your account ( via password or 2-step ) , which they will not be able to .
if you go to the market account settings part of the android market webpage at https://market.android.com/account and click on the settings tab , you should see a list of the devices registered on that market account , clicking the edit button lets you hide that old phone from the web interface . that is what you had normally use to remove an old device from showing . if you are worried about whoever renovated your phone using your account , then you need to go a step further than that . the easiest way to block the other phone out will be to change your google account password . then your phone will prompt for the new password next time it connects to a google service , as will your old one , but as only you know the new password it should stop them from using your account on the old phone . to stop this sort of thing happening in the future you ought to think about setting up two-step authentication on your google account , once you have got that set up you can log into your google account 's settings and revoke the access password for any phone or device one at a time once you do not want them accessing your details any more .
download the android file system application . install the android file system app by opening the dmg file , and then dragging the app into your applications folder . once installed , connect your nexus 7 to your mac via the usb cable . open up the android file system app . it should recognize your tablet and then open up a finder type window . you can drag and drop files and media into the window . additionally , you can create new folders and delete files . be sure you know what files your deleting as you can break the os by deleting or altering essential system files . if you get a “no device found” message , be sure your nexus 7 is in Media device (MTP) transfer mode . you can do this by swiping down to open the notification tray and then tapping on the connected as… message . source
alternatively visit http://www.web2pdfconvert.com/ and paste the url which you want as a pdf . or if you want to download pdf via app , try free app named " urltopdf " from play store .
calibrate the tablet , if that does not work it could be a faulfy digitizer or it was made to respond to a stylus
it may be that he is used to older resistive touchscreens ( the kind you use with a pointy stylus ) , and so he is pressing the screen with the tip of the fingernail , instead of with the finger itself . that does not work well on capacitive touchscreens unless your fingernails are cut very short . also , you are probably right about older , drier fingers having less capacitance and so showing up less well on the screen . using the ' pad ' of the finger instead of the tip might help by giving the screen more finger to work with . if all else fails , you can get styli for capacitive touchscreens . you can distinguish them by having a rounded , foam tip the size of a finger , instead of a pointed , pen-like tip .
there is a nice ( free ) alternative keyboard on the android market - that is somewhere between swype and the built in keyboard - called touchpal . it allows for three different layouts ( 16 key , 20 key and qwerty ) and you can set a default for different orientations - i.e. 20 key for portrait , qwerty for landscape . and there is a bunch of other things it does that make it nice and easy to use . one thing to note is that it is made for chinese and english input but there are options to turn off the chinese input . also , some version of android have a bug that sometimes prevents a newly added input method editor ( ime ) from showing up properly . you may need to restart the handset after installing . all that aside , i use it every day on my htc desire as a replacement for the stock keyboard and i could not do without it . have a look at cootek 's site or search market for cootek or touchpal .
it is possible to develop your own keyboard input method . however , this is not a trivial thing to do . you can either code it yourself or wait for someone else to do it . sorry :- (
if you can connect to the device from a pc then they will most likely be able to tell . it might not matter though because they might not look for that and unless they intentionally look to see if its rooted they will not know . also like @poldie said they might not legally be able to do anything about it depending on where you live .
they will know probably after they fix it . if you rooted it and used a different firmware on the device they can recognize the changes from it is previous memory .
yes , you can clear photos 's cache from the phone itself .
you may install app cache cleaner application . one of the feature is " auto clear all cache at a specified interval " . configure it once and it will never let the cache grow such large .
first , especially for " newbies": hovering your mouse over the adb tag will reveal some info . clicking the info link there brings you to the tag wiki , providing you some information to get started . the second link there ( everything about adb ) contains the answer to your problem : adb push C:\Desktop\TitaniumBackup.apk /sdcard/ for the target , only specify the path , do not include a file name . so your command should look like : adb.exe push c:\main.1.com.redcricket.Audiobook.obb /mnt/sdcard/Android/obb/com.redcricket.Audiobook  a special error you included is the backslash ( \ ) which , on windows systems , is a path separator -- but on posix systems ( unix/linux/android ) is an " escape character " ( directory separator on these systems is the " forward slash " , / ) .
hit the menu button ( bottom left of the phone ) and then click on the star ( which will be at the top right of the dialog which appears ) . the star is only to the right of the url on the omni bar on the desktop version of chrome .
use the bookmark button that is marked in this picture :
go to the page that you want to bookmark . next , click on the left option button on your phone itself . on the very top of the menu that pops up , you will see a star . click on it and follow the prompts .
so i have found a great solution . using a micro sd-card with 2 partitions . one normal fat32 and second ext2 so the app link2sd can use it as a fake mobile memory on the second ext2 partition . now all the jelly bean internal apps run on the mobile itself and all the other apps i have installed on the second sd-card partition . have more apps than ever and still over 150mb left on the mobile . great . and the great side effect is , that all the shortcuts and widgets of other apps now work perfectly and dont disappear after reboot . yes !
okay , here 's what i can gather . . . there should be no real loss of capability if you move to at and t . while at and t does not advertise lte band 8 capability on its s5s , band 8 is largely used in south korea , japan , and taiwan ; unless you travel to those places , it should not be a problem . i would , however , check at and t 's coverage map to be certain . t-mobile allows customers to unlock phones provided certain conditions are met . click here for more information . also , " quad band gsm " on t-mobile is 850/900/1800/1900 mhz , same as at and t
i believe it depends upon the music player app . have you tried using another music player ? in my case , i did not encounter this issue . i have used samsung galaxy 3 with several music players including stock player and also with a bluetooth headset . i think the app itself is the cause for this , which is causing screen wake-up on next/previous , and in my opinion is a poor implementation . i do not know of any apps which allow to change the screen on behavior like this . it may be available in cyanogen-mod perhaps .
seems like " droid vnc server " doing the job .
use our app , the best android vnc server according to users . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en works on any android devices , any models , rooting is not required . you can use this app to view and control your android phones or tablets .
apn lock may work . it appears to give you the ability to block certain networks apn 's which will not affect your ability to use voice or sms but will not allow your phone to make a data connection with the networks you block ( by changing the apns so you phone fails to connect ) . i would be careful though , messing with the apns can cause problems this app does not have any comments yet .
snoozy charger ( also in the play store ) takes care of this . the free app ( as in bear and speech ) that lets you manage behavior during charger connection and disconnection . it requires no permissions , but does require you giving it device admin permissions . these permissions are only used for to control device locking , as verifiable in its source-code . from quickly going through the app’s source-code , it looks totally harmless and benign . if the app does not behave as you want , make sure to go through the settings . for example , “turn off screen only when locked” is enabled by default . this means that the app will not kick into effect if you have an on/off-button-press-lock delay or other related settings . it works perfectly for my on a wireless charging pad and with micro-usb cable using a lg nexus 4 device . i am very satisfied . update : i documented additional issues here .
do you happen to have enabled Settings &gt; Application &gt; Development &gt; Stay Awake (screen will never sleep when charging) ?
i think you would need a custom kernel with this " feature " removed . i do not know of any , sadly .
i am not creator of this app , but it works for me ( htc desire z ) . i have not tested it well yet , though .
do you happen to have enabled Settings &gt; Application &gt; Development &gt; Stay Awake ? if checked , screen will never sleep when charging .
i use the irig pre interface ( 30 euro / 30-40 us dollars ) to connect any xlr mic to my htc wildfire . in flightmode i can make good 48khz mono wav recordings with the taperecorder app . when i switch flightmode off there sometimes are some ticks and clicks . afterwards you cann edit your recording and convert it into mp3 files .
i bought a splitter ( $7.65 on amazon ) to access the headphone/mic input on my htc thunderbolt . an audio technica atr6550 shotgun mike works fine with the built-in camcorder software . note that the impedence on this is 2200 ohms . i have half a dozen other microphones , and none of them work ( some have an impedence of around 1000 ohms , so maybe this is the problem ) . so , here is what i know : 1 . this is possible ( at least with the atr6550 ) . 2 . the necessary splitter ( i.e. . splits input jack into mic + earphone connectors ) is not expensive , and there seems no reason to use any different connector . 3 . i have half a dozen other mics and none of them works . 4 . i do not know if the incompatibility of the others is an impedence problem or a voltage / current problem , and do not know how to find out . here is the splitter info : startech . com muyhsmff 3.5mm 4-pin to 2x 3-pin 3.5mm headset splitter adapter - m/f sold by : amazon . com llc
a usb microphone as well as any kind of usb audio device needs a usb host which has drivers for usb audio devices . under win/mac/linux these drivers come preinstalled and you can use your usb audio device in a plug-and-play way . i have experimented with different ways of using usb audio on android and this topic seems to be quite diverse . depending on the version of android and especially the kernel in use you may , or may not , be able to connect usb devices over otg usb ( on-the-go ) . with most devices these details do not show in the manufacturer 's specifications and has to be tested manually . as far as i got in my research samsung devices on stock android are the most reliable to support usb audio , but if you start messing with different roms and kernels it is possible deactivate this functionality . i have been able to record very high quality audio with urecord and usb audio recorder pro using a stock galaxy note 2 and several interfaces ( alesis io4 , shure x2u ) and i have been told that audio evolution is also able to record from a usb source . an app that can record video as well as usb audio does not exist as far as i know . and of course , if your device does not support otg and usb audio there is no way you can use a usb microphone . good luck !
it is not a usb mic , but i have found a solution for external mic via 3.5 mm jack . look at my answer on this question : how do i use an external microphone with my galaxy nexus ?
when you put your android on flight mode u need to go to the setting and put it on mp3 headphone mode , itdeends how sencitive ur android is . and if ur android is not sencitive then you have to go and speaxk to the android network .
the first versions of the android market on tablets did not have an option to rate an app . rumors are that google wanted to prevent bad ratings on apps , because they were not optimized for tables ( yet ) . some say that they received an market update that enabled the rate function . my lenovo thinkpad market has not got it yet . but it seems just a matter of time . until then , you can rate apps on the web version of the market .
there are an update on the way from google which gives you the option , many have received it already , so just be use the web version of android market until then : )
i have found that if you turn the display on before unplugging the charging cord , the battery stays at 100% all night . my guess is that it also helps if you charge during the day .
we are using exchange on serveral devices at the office ( for testing ) and what i noticed is that sometimes exchange services seem to drain alot of battery even when set to a low interval or push . this typically happens when exchange is trying to pull some data from the server but an error occurs . the end user ( you ) does not always see the error . for me usually a reboot fixes the problem , worst case remove the exchange profile and reinstall it afterwards .
open the email client , go to settings > the email id you have configured > inbox check frequency change that setting to " never " if you want to manually refresh emails or increase the duration for the refresh . that should fix the battery draining overnight .
there are some more suggested apps for the tattoo here on xda . it sounds to me like they have stock firmware that is rooted , however &mdash ; perhaps that is required . i have heard of other devices that do not work for tethering with cyanogenmod ( and i am not familiar with nfinity ) .
android does not support a standby or hibernate mode .
no there is no affiliate program for the android market . some individual apps that need to be side-loaded or have a seperate sign up for paid service offer affiliate programs but nothing through the official market . lots of people ask about it at the google support threads but google has not announced any plans to start an affiliate program nor have they commented on why they do not have one . i do not believe anyone is earning money for referrals if they are sending people to the official market , appbrain , cryket , androlib or slideme . if they are a commercial review site they are probably making money with display advertising , which incidentally improves the credibility of their reviews ( because their income is not dependent on you buying what they reviewed ) .
no . apple 's older ios lineup and samsung 's android tablets have a similar looking but different connector . you can not interchange them . and besides this : apple 's new ligthning plug clearly only works with ios devices ( iphone 5 and ipad 4/mini and better ) . the available lightning-adapters also only work with ios devices .
no , force stop does not stop the app running again . it just interrupts it if it is running right now . it does not free up any internal storage . it does not make any difference to ram usage : android will already kill background processes to free up ram when it needs to , without you pressing force stop . as izzy suggests , try pressing disable if you are running a recent enough android version to have that button : it is on the app info screen , right next to force stop . ( you might first have to uninstall updates . ) this will remove the system app from the app drawer , stop it running completely , and stop it being updated . if you are on an older android version , you can uninstall the app completely only if you root the device and use a third-party app to do so .
look at this amazon help forum about this issue . i found this : this is a bug in the kindle . do not reset your device people ! ! ! just go onto your amazon account and " manage your device " and deregister it . that resets the parental control password . go to the device and hit resync . when thats done go into the settings gear , my account , and register it using your amazon account info . it will be as before , nothing lost . i just got off the chat with a helpful amazon tech rep who gave me this information . also take a look at this answer on a forum found at askville . amazon . com : if you forget your password , you can deregister your kindle fire from manage your kindle (www.amazon.com/manageyourkindle) to reset the parental controls password . deregistering your kindle fire will also allow you to keep any downloaded items on your device . once your kindle fire has been deregistered , tap sync from the quick settings menu on your device , tap more , then select my account to reregister your device . if you are unable to deregister your kindle fire from manage your kindle , you will need to reset your device to the default factory settings to regain access . if you have added any personal documents , music , videos , or other content to your kindle fire , ensure it is been backed up prior to resetting your device . resetting your kindle fire to the default factory settings will delete all content on your device and you will need to register it again before downloading items from your amazon account . to reset your device to the default factory settings : k6: tap the quick settings icon in the top right corner of the screen , then tap more . tap device , then tap reset to factory defaults . k9 / k9-hd / k10: swipe down from the top of the screen , then tap more . tap device , then tap reset to factory defaults . to ensure your kindle fire has the latest software update , visit : http://www.amazon.com/kindlesoftwareupdates kindle fire also supports parental controls for in-app items purchased through the amazon appstore .
if you can not seem to find the answer to this question on one of amazon 's faq sites and/or the in the instruction manual , back up your data and do a factory reset . it is also the quickest way than rather run around in circles , but be careful , that data could have some stuff that you can not afford to lose ( like my " flappy bird " high score ) .
you could just try de-registering your kindle from your amazon-account and you may get rid of the password . note that that will delete all amazon content ( like books , apps and so on ) but it should leave other things untouched ( like your own photos , music or other stuff you have sideloaded to your device ) . you would de-register it at manage your devices on amazon . after re-registering you should be able to download all your content from amazon again , including books , apps and so on . answer found here : yahoo answers
try out these links : how to undo parental controls on a kindle fire kindle support if thes does not work , then factory reset is the option . you will lose your data , so back-up your data before resetting .
pull down notification window , and enable it .
hi try clicking notification scroll down to find ' usb connected ' like option . . . press go navigate
try smart switch with this you can easily transfer your backup from your old device to new device with ease . check this link . you must have the old backup folder in your c:/ drive under the kies folder/backup . note -if you deleted this wanted/accidentally done then you have lost your backup and cannot transfer any backup . next time onwards please store your backup files in a folder known to you in this way you can open the folder and directly send the backup anytime you want .
i found that running kies restore does a seemingly complete . sbu file extraction to a temporary directory such as : C:\Users\{LogonName}\Documents\samsung\Kies\sbu\te mp\{NumberID}\{Files Extracted} one can copy the files from there .
samsung kies extractor can help you restore backuped contacts , text messages , call logs , apps , music , videos and photos to your new galaxy phone . youtube video : samsung kies extractor
this is more question than answer , but nobody else is following up , so here goes . local is separate interface on your laptop , just like your ethernet adapter and wifi adapter . just because a program listens on 127.0.0.1:1080 ( localhost socks proxy ) does not mean that it will listen on another interface . " access the laptop 's localhost from my device " is not possible . proxies , that are not intended for public use , normally listen only on localhost for security reasons . if you must connect to the laptop 's localhost socks port , you need " tcp tunnel " software running on your laptop to listen on a reachable interface and redirect it to the local interface . realize that you are creating a security risk if you do , because the tor client on your laptop will not be able to tell whether it is you connecting to the local socks proxy port . it is been a decade since i last looked for " tcp tunnel " or " tcp proxy " software , so i do not know which to suggest -- you will have to research it . and the questions . . . when you say " virtual router " , do you mean http://virtualrouter.codeplex.com/ ? something else ? is it bridging , or routing ? the page is unclear . it would become clearer if you attached the results of running " ipconfig /all " on the laptop while the virtual router was up . please also indicate your device 's ip while connected -- fing will get that easily if you need it . what do you mean " orbot is unable to connect via the wifi 's proxy " ? when you connect to your virtual router , can you connect to the internet ? apart from tor , is there a proxy involved ?
for a real safe and complete wipe , you might want to take a look at nuke my device . if you are just after a factory-reset , this can be find in settings . but then you should not forget about your other storage ( sdcards – internal as well as external ­– are usually not dealt with by a factory-reset , though some roms do so ) .
i think i have finally found a partial solution . by using these commands via adb , what can be done by usb cable or wireless adb ( my case ) , the contents of the internal filesystem of the tablet seems to have become clean : adb shell wipe data  i hope this info will help anyone .
are you sure dummy is a wifi interface ? typical wifi interface 's name is wlan0 . if you are 100% sure it is right wifi interface , you might also need to change the wlan0 inside the wpa_supplicant . conf file . if that still fails , run the wpa_supplicant command under strace and try get more info from there .
you can rename from the amazon website itself : manage your kindle manage your devices edit ( blue link under edit kindle information dialog ) > edit kindle information
that setting was moved to the ( hidden ) developer options entry . at first , you need to activate veveloper settings here , then change your hostname in the debugging section ( 2nd option group , line 5 in android 4.3 )
android offers a standard usb-network adapter ( implemented in software ) to accomplish usb tethering . the problem can be on the pc side or on the android phone 's side as well . some hints for debugging : do you see that usb network device on your pc if you enable tethering ? if so , do you get a dhcp offer from that " usb network card " on your pc ? can you ping the phone gateway from your pc ( usually ping 192.168.4.129 ) ? can you resolve dns entries ( nslookup google.com ) ? can you ping a random host on the internet ( eg . ping google.com ) ? to view debug logs on the phone use a logcat viewer and see for obvious entries . if the problem is your phone software and you are willing to void your warranty , the aftermarket cyanogenmod firmware also offers this functionality , as well as several other custom roms ( your phone seems to be supported , according to cm 's device overview ) .
no - as you have correctly ascertained , a custom rom is most likely your best bet . also , the bounce effect is a samsung " feature " - by default android uses the glow effect to indicate the end of a list . i am also unsure if this is a froyo only feature , because iirc , one of the ui updates was the glow effect , which samsung did incorporate into their later rom releases .
after searching in xda , i found few roms which are ics based but jellybean or kitkat themed , i think there is not enough devs to port jellybean or kitkat rom for a89 . you can try various roms to taste the look and feel of jellybean or kitkat . here is the link of various rom available in xda .
mediatek , unlike other brands , does not release android updates in sync with ( or soon after ) an official android release . moreover , they do not release the full source code for their chipsets , preventing android developers from properly compiling roms . they ( mediatek ) have , however , announced that a 4.4.2 update will be rolling out ' soon ' , so you have no other options but to wait or flash an ics-based , jb/kk-themed rom .
if you want to give adbfs a try , here are some instructions . you need to take care to grab the right one , as there are two projects around : one is simply called adbfs , i could not get that to work correctly . the other is adbfs-rootless: go to the projects github page on that page , at the right-hand side in about the middle of the page , you find a button labeled download zip . click that to download the sources . create a new directory , e.g. mkdir ~/adbfs-rootless , and extract the .zip to it now first install the dependencies : sudo apt-get install libfuse-dev change to the directory ( cd ~/adbfs-rootless ) , and build the binaries by simply running make copy the resulting adbfs binary into your $PATH , where your adb binary is located ( for adb , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) now you are ready to go . another one-time job is to create a mountpoint , e.g. mkdir ~/droid . after that , connect your android device via adb ( after having enabled usb debugging , of course ) . then mount it using adb ~/droid , and do whatever you wanted to do ( e . g . running rsync , copying stuff , whatever ) . when you are done , do not forget to disconnect : fusermount -u ~/droid . to make things easier , i created two aliases : alias mdroid="adb ~/droid" alias udroid="fusermount -u ~/droid"  so i only need to type mdroid to mount , and udroid to unmount the device . enjoy the fun !
yes , websites can use the webrtc extension to access the phone 's camera , with the user 's permission . not all browsers support this extension , but chrome for android does .
there are different approaches to achieve that goal : using a " cam server " app on the android device , and have it uploading pages to a web server same , but streaming same , with integrated web server ( so no separate upload ) having a fully integrated and programmable solution for all four approaches you will find matching apps . for the latter , i think e.g. of paw server , including a web server with scripting support . for " cam servers " , you might wish to take a look into this list .
it depends on the live wallpaper in question , but in general , the wallpaper only runs when the home screen is visible . since you are usually running an app or have the screen off , the live wallpaper has no effect most of the time : the extra battery use is limited to when you are looking at the home screen . this is not always true , though . some live wallpapers also run extra things . for example , the live wallpaper might periodically run in the background so that it can change its appearance based on your email inbox , or weather reports from the internet , or the accelerometer . for that reason , some live wallpapers might use quite a lot of battery . in that respect , live wallpapers are no different from any other app . if they are inefficient or do a lot of work , they will run your battery down quickly . if they are efficient and simple , you will not notice any extra battery use . unless reviewers comment on it , you will not know until you try .
i think this post provides some information about it . it also seems to be consistent with what i have tried . instead of partitioning the sd card , mounting an .img with a ext4 filesystem is a simple workaround .
i just disabled s voice entirely for now , as explained here and elsewhere : Application Manager &gt;&gt; All &gt;&gt; S Voice &gt;&gt; Disable , then reboot .
if you can start your phone in fastboot , then use the fastboot utility to load your system . img and boot . img you have a nice guide here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2277112 but the main thing you need to execute is : fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot erase system -w fastboot flash system system.img fastboot reboot  you will need a valid system . img and boot . img for your phone model .
thanks to @shywim 's comment , i checked the settings of the messaging app . indeed it is got a custom notification sound settings . ( you can adjust the settings only if your phone is not muted . )
if it starts to boot ( goes to the boot logo/animation ) or recovery/download mode at least tries to load , then the motherboard is not damaged . your device is soft-bricked , and just needs to have a compatible rom flashed , and your userdata erased for your device to be fully functional again . the person is the service centre does not know what hey is talking about ( i would not trust those people - they just want your money ) .
use data2sd instead of creating the symlink manually from the terminal . usually sd cards are formatted with fat32 , data2sd creates an ext2 embedded partition instead . . . more detailed explanation here .
yes you can do that . scripts like data2sd do exactly that .
turns out the problem was actually wrong apn configuration . i configured the device using netowork operator automatic config mechanism , but turns out the parameters sent by the operator itself were wrong . phone call to customer care solved the issue .
turned out i was not being patient enough . it took a little while for my phone to realize it needed to connect to data services ; after that the tethering worked fine . it helped for me to open my email on my phone , just to give it a little nudge .
depending on your carrier , foxfi may help you out . it allows you to share you mobile data plan as a wifi hot spot . just be careful not to use too much or your carrier will get suspicious .
usually your service provider has to activate the ability to use your cellphone as a hotspot . for sprint , there is a monthly fee associated with that feature .
there are a few options available , but the effective ones i came up with will require root access . and the second option may require an unlocked bootloader ( i am not sure if the note 2 can unlock its bootloader or not ) . even if you have the most recent version of android , google has not enabled multiple users for phones ; they figure people share tablets , but have their own phone . and there are some issues that come with multiple users on a phone . specific app profiles ( root required ) there are apps such as titanium backup that let you create profiles for apps , and it works on any version of android . you select the apps that you want to be multi-user . then you add a widget to your homescreen that lets you choose which user you want to switch to . titanium backup will then back up the data for the current user and restore the backup data for the user you select . if you are worried about one user getting text messages , you will either have to insert a different sim for each user ( and thus change the phone to a new number ) , or set up each person with a google voice number . then , have the google voice app be set up with multiple profiles . full nandroid backup/restore - most effective ( root required ) if you root it and install a custom recovery , such as clockworkmod ( cwm ) or twrp , it would be a very simple process . just do a full backup of the phone , then do a factory reset . give the phone to your mom , and she can set it up like her own phone . once she gives the phone back to you , do a full nandroid backup again in the recovery , then recover your own image . this will clear all her data ( except anything stored on the sd card , such as images and other files ) and restore your own . after you boot up the phone , it will be like she never touched it .
you need to fix your access point names ( apn ) under settings . for me , it is Wireless and Networks > Mobile networks > Access Point Names
there are apps for controlling leds : led color tester , light flow - led control both does officially support galaxy s3 .
many custom roms , such as cm10 , have built-in support for changing the led color .
there is powerful and full-customizable go sms pro which lets you set any led color for sms incoming notifications based on sender . also , it is a mighty alternative for stock sms app and has many useful functions and customizations . after you installed it , run and tap menu , then settings , and go to advanced -> individual settings and add any contact to set individual notification ( including led options ) for it .
have you looked at music off , i am sleeping ! - seems to do what you are looking for .
you do not need any special software . on recent linux distributions such as ubuntu 13.04 , all the right drivers for mtp are installed by default . when you plug your phone in , you get a file manager window that shows the contents of your phone . the phone appears as a normal directory , so you can drag-n-drop files , use rsync to sync files , or anything else you normally do to move or manage files . some apps , such as shotwell ( for photos ) and clementine ( for music ) also detect that your phone acts as a media player , and offer specific functionality for syncing a music collection , transferring and processing photos , in a high-level interface that works on playlists and albums instead of just files . you do not need to use this kind of software , but it is there if you prefer not to worry about exactly where each file is stored . on older ubuntu versions and some other distributions , you might need to install one or more mtp-related packages through the package manager to make this work . you still do not need any hardware-specific software , and the forum or manual for your distribution will explain exactly what setup is needed .
try this : how to change shutdown animation as it says , you will find the location of the animation is "/system/media/video/shutdown "
as it turns out , the problem was caused by deleting wpa_supplicant . wikipedia can offer a little insight on what that means : in addition to being a full-featured wpa2 supplicant , it also implements wpa and older wireless lan security protocols . it further is responsible for the job to review a list of currently visible networks , select one of them , provide any additional security information needed to authenticate with the network ( e . g . a passphrase or username and password ) and add it to the preference list to enable automatic reconnection in the future . as it is said : curiosity killed the cat -- and deleting wpa_supplicant makes it quite impossible to use wifi . there are three corresponding files on android : /system/bin/wpa_supplicant is a binary ( i.e. . the program itself ) /system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is the default configuration ( as the path correctly suggests , in the read-only /system area ) , which also includes device-specific settings , plus some " inline documentation " in form of comments /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is located in the writable part . it repeats some of the contents from the system file ( most likely copied from there on initialization -- as /data gets completely wiped on a factory reset , those things must come from somewhere ) , but skips the comments . furthermore , this file memorizes those networks you have connected to , including ssid , encryption used , and the passwords , all in plain text [ sic ! ] -- that is where those " wifi password recovery " apps get their information from so if the latter config was deleted , it simply would be re-created after a boot . of course , all your saved networks would be lost -- but that is a minor issue compared to the others : if the system-config file gets lost , the binary does not now where to look for the interface , as that is configured here ( e . g . ctrl_interface=tiwlan0 ) . this would also explain the missing mac address : no known device , no known mac address . still , recovery from that should not be too hard : there are not too many different interface names , and other settings ( like the chipset used ) can be taken from specifications -- so root provided ( which is the case , or you could not have deleted it ) , you could re-create a matching file with a little try-and-err . if the binary was removed , options are narrow without a backup . having a similar device available running the very same rom , you could extract the binary from there ( the config as well , or course ) . if you have at least an image available for your current rom , you could extract it from there as well . if all above fails : yes , flashing a rom would solve the issue as well -- as this rom should contain the necessary files . it is quite unlikely you damaged your hardware that way .
first , export your contacts . from the contacts app , touch the menu button and select import/export . then choose to export to sd . then from the sd card , transfer the file to your computer ( i used dropbox ) . at this point i simply deleted all the contacts off my phone . i get an error notifications that sync had failed because too many contacts had been deleted , but when i tapped on it , it gave me the option to go ahead and delete them on google . then i went to google contacts and imported all my contacts . then i did a bit of cleanup , and everything got synced back to my phone .
i am using im plus , which was the only thing i could get to work with our jabber server . it is been very solid for me and they have a decent forum community , too . fwiw , i liked it enough to pay the $5 for it .
i am using gibberbot . it is worth taking a look at . free software , multi-protocol . active developer community . definitely still in beta but that does not mean it will not do what you need .
jabiru is another one .
xabber supports muc/conferencing
i am using trillian for android . as far as i know it is still in beta , but worked well for me so far . though i did't use it in any extreme situations yet . oh , and it does not handle calls yet . edit : it is out of beta . . . and now you have to pay for it . if you do not like that , or do not have the money ( or you can not buy apps from the market like me ) you should use something else .
if it happens when the phone is off it is gotta be a bad hardware connection . i am guessing on of the leads just barely makes contact or something . you may want to get a replacement .
you can not do much . you need to have new rom with googleplay for that device .
i am english , but a southerner with a fairly rp accent , and using voice recognition for google searching is pretty accurate for me . unfortunately this sounds like it is an accent thing . i know google offer their 411 directory voice service in the us , apparently one of the main benefits of this for them is that they can capture a huge amount of speech and use it to train their voice recognition with the words that people really use , in the accents they really use . until they start offering something like that over here i do not think their british regional accents are going to get better very quickly . update 15 dec 2010 : things are changing . google are starting to trial a new version of google voice that does personalised voice recognition and learns based on the way you pronounce words . unfortunately as it is a trial this for us android 2.2 users only at the moment , but hopefully it should be going out to the rest of the world if this trial is successful . if you are an english speaking android 2.2 user in the us , you can get the update here .
the method really relies on what handset are you using . and keeping your contacts on the sim card is one main reason for not being able to add photos to your contacts . anyways , navigating to any contact of your contacts and editing it then clicking on the silhouet will do the trick .
an alternative to gary 's method is to use " set as " . you can open the gallery app , select a photo and then pick menu > more > set as > contact icon . you can then choose the contact to apply it to . the " set as " option is sometimes available from other applications ( i have a media gallery app on my xt720 that has it ) .
open the stock people app ( i.e. . navigate to your contact list ) > select the contact > select edit contact > select the camera icon in the top left corner . your options are gallery ( find an image already on your phone ) or camera ( take a picture of the contact ) . hope it helps !
ok , so it seems the only way to do this on android is to contact shazam customer support , give them your imei number and they will send you the list .
there are two possible counter possibilities : first possibility : in case the rooting is done by scripts and certain binary tools you can check if the binary tools are standard tools , and e.g. included in the android open source project ( aosp ) . in such a case you could compile the tool yourself or search the net for multiple sources . in the ned use the one from the most trustworthy . second possibility : use a virtual machine for executing the rooting software . using a virtual machine like vmware you can connect an usb device like an android phone into the guest os . therefore rooting the device from within the guest os is usually possible and does not affect the host os .
got to the bottom of this . if your data connection is not on when someone sends you an mms , the download has a tendency to hang . if you shut off the connection to save battery or have any app that does this ( like juice defender ) , this will happen to you a lot . go into the mms app 's settings and turn off the " auto retrieve " option for mms and you should be right as rain .
" why " is not a question well suited for our site , as it probably is a speculative question and such off topic ( see our [ faq ] ) . although , a short technical explanation : the company building your rom decided such . " how can i disable them " would be better fitting , and even has answers : if you cannot disable them from settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , you will need to root your device . having done that , there are several apps available allowing you to " freeze " unwanted system apps . the most well-known of them is titanium backup which , as a side-effect , provides you with a powerful backup solution . another candidate for that is app quarantine root/freeze .
as you refer to the article utilizing adb backup , you want to use adb to access your device . so for windows , you would need to install the corresponding drivers ; on linux , a single line in /etc/udev/rules/50-android.rules will be sufficient . i would suggest you read my answer on the question what is adb . . . , which ( at its end ) mentions a few guides to get you started with adb . for a quick configuration on linux , follow the steps in my answer on configuring adb for nexus 4 on ubuntu . if on the linux host the device is not turning up in the listing of sudo lsusb , and windows does not even claim to have found an " unknown device " ( as your comments suggest ) , make sure to rule out the usb cable as a possible troublemaker ( try different usb cables ; you might even visit a shop to " try before buy " , best taking a laptop with you ) . in case none of multiple usb cables work , a damaged usb port is becoming the likely cause -- though it might be charging fine , one ( or more ) of the data pins ( or their connections to the board ) could be faulty . which would mean you had have to turn in your device for service .
settings > security > notification settings then uncheck what u want : )
long-click on the top portion of the screen with " calendar events " , and it'll be possible for this screen to be removed . then the lock screen will show one of the leftover screens , which will likely have whatever lock screen was before the calendar lock screen .
on the lock screen swipe left so that there is a big + sign on the screen ( or maybe another widget ) and then scroll back to the calender so that it is now full screen . long press the calender and drag it to the top of the screen to remove it . on my phone the clock was automatically re-added to the lock screen after this but if it is not then go to the lock screen , swipe till till you see a big + again . click on this and from the menu of widgets that appears select the digital clock .
personalize ( lower right button on home screen ) shortcut settings running services this adds a shortcut to the running services screen to my home screen , htc thunderbolt with sense 2.0 ui
the fastest way i know is from the home screen click menu-> settings-> applications-> running services . there are some task manager applications , though from what i have read they may be more trouble than their worth as far as bugginess and/or eating through your battery quickly .
i do suppose you went to settings > wireless and networks > mobile network settings and have " enable always-on mobile . . " checked on ?
what about fruitmobile app backup ? i have not tested it but it looks like it can backup/restore apps and app data to/from the sd card without root .
i could start with the very same lamentations : no root no fun . as except for root only the app itself can access its data , there is no real way around -- except . . . but first an elegant alternative to the mentioned titanium backup : while running both ( rooted ! ) devices simultaneously , appsync can synchronize apps and data . so you could even start some game on one device , sync , and continue on the other -- just to give you one example . the one possibility without root requires at least ics ( android 4 . x ) . i am not sure whether this works betwenn different devices ( or whether some device component is used for encryption ) , but as far as i understood it should do : using adb backup and adb restore , which requires the android sdk installed on your computer , and is described in detail in the article on full backup of non-rooted devices .
the short answer is , this is not possible without rooting . application data and settings can not be accessed outside the application/system by the regular user account for security reasons .
i have news for whomever said : " without root it is not possible " yes it is . i got a asus transformer tf700t in oct 12 . it came with app backup . it gives you the choice of just backing up the app or app/data . tested it and it works !
i know you would like to have the transfer done without rooting . but in my opinion it can not be done . so , in case if you are ready for a compromise on rooting , you can use titanium backup root app to back up and restore apps with its data and settings . i once did this kind of transfer between two rooted phones . on the first phone , i backed up all user apps with its settings and data . i copied the tb 's folder in sd card to my computer and in my other phone ( already rooted ) i used the same google account and downloaded titanium backup . after a first run , i copied the previously copied tb 's folders from computer to the other phone 's sd card , over writing the existing content . after running tb in the other phone , i opted for restore all user apps with its data and i got back everything as it is .
start and use wifi with a working router . you probably inserted the sim card and the sd card with a file which uses the net to load something and will not do it on gprs .
maybe your sd card is corrupted . i have a galaxy y , and i faced the same problem a few months back . i changed my sd card and tha apps started working .
/storage/sdcard/android is probably where all the data is . you can manually delete files out of there , but i would recommend using the application sd card maid . i say that just because it has a lot of functions to clean up data from apps that are no longer installed .
have you tried to clean your log files ? probably that is the problem . if your phone is rooted , you can delete all files in the /data/log folder . if not , and you have a stock rom , just enter *#9900# into your dialer to access sysdump and click on delete dumpstate/logcat
use " battery monitor widget " app from play store . it can monitor the current flowing through the battery while charging . i identified my nexus 7s charger and an aftermarket charger 's performance this way .
this may be the best resource for answering your question : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/phones.html
all phones ever since 1.6 have been accessible . however 2.0 and later ( and especially 2.2 ) are much better at it . i think you will be safe with any phone 2.0 or later ( which is almost all of them now-a-days ) .
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
it was released , but only in china : in may 2010 , the company launched its 2,899-yuan lephone , which china unicom sold 145,000 units after hitting the market , to compete with apple 's 4,999-yuan iphone4 .
if you are working in a high noise environment , a traditional mic is not going to help you . even with a noise cancelling secondary mic it will be very difficult for the equipment to pick your voice out of the noise and isolate it . you might look into a throat mic instead , which grabs your voice by direct contact with you rather than conduction through the air . these are especially suited for noisy environments .
seems due to a limitation in the os ( android i mean ) that hides ( why the hell ? ? ! ? ! ? ) ad hoc networks like hd2 creates . solution is posted on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1060909 and is now working !
i do not know that lg makes the lock screen configurable like that , but you could always try a lock screen replacement . something like widgetlocker or lockbot might do the trick for you . lockbot has a free version , so i would start with that and see if it does what you want .
this has basically been answered in the comments above but i will wrap it all up into an answer : no , you can not play songs that have apple 's fairplay drm protection on your android phone without removing the drm protection ( which technically violates apple 's toc ) . as edarerathis pointed out , songbird does not actually support fairplay drm'd media , quicktime does , so songbird ( like realplayer ) uses quicktime to decode the songs and play them . it wont work without quicktime installed and so you can not use this functionality in linux or android .
go to phone &gt; menu &gt; call settings &gt; internet call settings &gt; accounts
when an sgs will not go into recovery mode , there is a couple things you can try . one thing is to hold all the buttons to get into recovery or download mode ( voldown + power + home , or volup + power + home , or voldown + volup + power depending on your model ) until the device has reset 2 or 3 times , and then release power so that the device stops resetting . hopefully then it will go into the appropriate mode . if not , attempt again but this time do it while the device is plugged into usb . another thing to try is to remove the battery , then insert it while holding the above buttons . you may want to try multiple resets combined with this as well , as well as having it plugged into usb . once you get it into recovery mode , you can try restoring your backup and/or doing a factory reset and clearing the dalvik cache . if you get it into download mode , i recommend using odin to flash a stock rom as per this question 's answer : can only access 2.2gb of internal storage from windows . just use an i9000 rom , not the captivate roms linked in that questions . you can find one at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=846913 , for example the newest europe/middle east/asia one is i9000xwjs8 .
the message means that your internal and/or external sd card are being scanned for media files . if you have recently added a lot of files , this can take some time . if this is not the case , the indexing might be broken . i would suggest backing up your data from the phone 's internal storage and your sd card , formatting both and trying again . if the problem persists , do a full factory reset . otherwise , try adding the data from the backups to the phone and see if the camera still works . if i remember correctly , you can find the setting to format the internal memory in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Internal memory -&gt; Format and the full factory reset in Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Factory reset , but these depend on your android version and might be relocated somewhere else .
i have had same problem . i wrote about it and it is solution in this document which i shared here . all you need to reset is that media scanner : Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Media Storage: Force stop &amp; Clear data . then , reboot .
go to Settings &gt; Applications, Manage application, All, Media storage &gt; Clear data . most of the times , it helps solve the problem .
was having same problem and read somewhere that problem was solved by deleting corrupt picture file . i deleted a few recent pics and still had problem . remembered that i recently backed up phone for 1st time and had that file stored on external sd card . deleted file , no more constant media scanning . apologies if similar posted .
i had the same problem and none of these fixes worked . it turns it that my spotify was the problem . it had crashed and could not find the media files i had downloaded . i uninstalled spotify and that solved the problem .
go to the settings app , select the " all " tab , find media storage or media and force stop it . then reboot and the problem should be fixed .
initially i cannot even open camera application on my lg g2 . it keep saying " try again after scanning media files " use media library repair scanner https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.azend.refreshmusic you do not need to root phone just click on refresh button and let media scanner start scanning and finished .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . moving apps to sd card just delays a bit the problem because something else fills up the internal storage . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . there are 2 important folders . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are debugging info collected by android . these files build up over time . you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android my device model " and you should find quickly how to root your device . this problem is a design flaw . when there is a low internal storage , android should start a background task to clean up that junk .
i have encountered this problem with link2sd multiple times already . you can try to recreate your mount script via link2sd , reboot and then relink all your application files , lib files , and dalvik-cache . . hope this solves your problem .
often the system recreates some of the files that were previously linked to sdext2 . this often happens with libraries , but can affect other components ( apk , dex ) as well . for libraries , link2sd has a “relink all library files” command in its menu . there is also an option to do this each time the system boots . you can also look at your linked apps and see which components are still linked ( symbolized with a little arrow -> in the app list ) and manually relink components if necessary .
for those who do not use dd , appextractor supports importing contacts from a nandroid backup .
well , this took a long time . for future searchers , here 's what you can do : find your contacts2 . db file hidden somewhere in android . most of the time it is located in /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/databases . i was lucky and found it in a search through titanium backups ' tarballs . nab that file . it has everything in it in a sql database . i then found this excellent script to extract and convert all contacts into a . vcf format for easy importing into the next device . it is located here on github and requires two dependencies ( on an ubuntu 12.04 machine in which it was written for ) : sqllite3 and libsqllite3-dev : sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev  after dependencies are satisfied , save the script on github as dbconverter . sh . mark it as executable : chmod +x dbconverter.sh  use the script like this : ./dbconverter.sh contacts2.db &gt; contacts2.vcf  you will then have a lovely . vcf file for easy importing into your phone .
matt 's answer is great , but you could also try : shut off wifi turn on flight mode ( Settings -&gt; Wireless and network ) turn off flight mode hopefully you should get a 3g connection within seconds here 's another method ( might be device-specific or 2.2+ only , not sure ; it works on my galaxy s ) : shut off wifi hold your power button for a second to bring up the power/network menu click " data network mode " to deactivate 3g click it again to reactivate 3g hopefully you should get a 3g connection within seconds
you could try using quick settings to toggle the 3g connection . it has seperate toggle switches for 3g and wifi but when wifi is on it automatically turns off 3g . when i click the toggle to turn on 3g it automatically disables the wifi .
yes , it decreases standby time because wifi is one of the more significant things draining the battery . as long as wifi is enabled , your phone is constantly scanning for new networks and " listening " on tcp ports . additionally it will be sending data from applications , requesting updates , etc . ; and if you have the play store set to automatically update apps then it will also be downloading and installing apps , which also significantly drains the battery . i suggest to use juicedefender or an equivalent app if you are experiencing poor battery life .
as jamesryan pointed out , leaving wifi connected and inactive uses less battery than if it has to keep searching for an ap . i use a htc desire and initially had my wifi set to sleep after 15min , but then realised that every time i unlocked my phone it would wake the wifi , and in turn it would start searching for an ap . afterwards , i set wifi to never turn off - this actually resulted in more battery power left at the end of the day ( even with the occasional sync of my accounts - email , twitter etc ) .
this has been my experience with htc 's evo : wifi uses less power compared to 3g when actively downloading/uploading large amounts of data . even when doing a lot of browsing . however , unlike 3g , the wifi radio never goes to sleep . so when you are not actively downloading data , it is best to turn it off . this is unlike gps and bluetooth where if they are not being used , they do not use much power at all .
turning off anything that is not in use will generally increase battery life . also remember that the biggest drain on the battery is generally the display . setting your brightness to the lowest level ( or at least auto ) can do a lot to save your battery life . also , if you typically connect to wifi at home , but do not have access at your work , there are apps that can automatically turn off the wifi radio ( among other things ) in the morning , then turn it back on in the late afternoon/early evening . i use advanced volume mode scheduler to do this .
wifi uses significantly less power then 2g or 3g and in fact uses less while connected and inactive than when it is searching for an ap . so i leave it on all the time and my battery lasts longer .
by my experience it seems that if wifi is connected to a network then leaving it on will improve standby time as all the periodic data access that an android phone does will go through wifi . and accessing data over wifi is more battery efficient than 2g/3g/lte . on the other side , if wifi is not connected to a network then it will constantly search for one and decrease the standby time . so what i try to do is to leave wifi on whenever i think i will be around a known wifi ap for some time but i leave it off the rest of the time . the drawback is that it forces me to change the setting at least a couple times per day .
yes , i would imagine leaving wifi on all the time would drain the battery faster . even if you are not actively connected to an access point ( ap ) , the phone is still constantly scanning all the aps in the vicinity of where you are and that takes energy .
the general rule is to turn off what you are not using .
in the stock android messaging app , you can hold your finger on a message for a few moments and then select the " copy message text " option , then paste it into any app you had like . that would work fine for individual messages , as far as entire threads go , that i am not sure . i would probably go the geeky route personally and open up the . db file that contains all the text messages with an sqlite3 binary and manually peruse the database , copying what i need out of it .
sms backup+ will backup ( and can restore too ) your sms messages to your gmail account ( you have to enable imap in gmail ) the nice thing about it , it does it automatically . it can also backup your call log too email too .
just try isync . it will back up all sms and calls on ur gmail account .
i would also like through my own answer into the mix - not as an android app but as a service you could potentially use if you are an android/gmail user . http://voice.google.com is a great tool that lets you send and receive texts through the browser as well as sending you transcripts via texts to your phone when people leave voice messages . you are given a phone number ( of your choice ) which you can keep forever which in case you change phone numbers , you can always be contacted through that number ( but you can block people by phone number and it says the number has been disconnected ) . the idea here is that if you give that google voice number to your friend and they send you a text to that number , you will receive it in your google voice inbox as well as your phone and it keeps conversations grouped like you would expect google to do .
it seems there is a further update to the xperia mini pro , probably 9.1 is way to go , might fix up that known issue . check on the cyanogenmod page for xperia mini pro .
to address your question in the comments : star this issue and perhaps leave a comment . hopefully google will take notice and improve the email app ! in the meantime , though , i do suggest using a third-party app . depend on your company 's rules , you could even create a secondary gmail account and either have your work emails forwarded to it or have gmail grab mail from your work account via pop3 or imap , and then you could use the gmail app for search .
the default reminder time is pulled from the calendar 's settings , if you tap the event to open it in the calendar editing screen after it is been recognized by google . however , if you just tap " create event " after it is been recognized without reviewing it ( as mentioned above ) , it will default to 15 minutes . this is on a razr maxx hd , verizon , ics .
the default reminder time is actually based on your calendar . if you open your calendar , open settings , and select general settings , " default reminder time " is near the bottom ( i am working from cyanogenmod 10 , but aosp/nexus devices should be similar ) . this controls the general notification time . the now functionality is separate , and ( from what i understand ) is based entirely on travel time . if your appointment has a destination that google recognizes , it will calculate travel time and pop up a card far enough ahead to allow you to meet that travel time and arrive on time . i am not positive if it factors in your reminder time into this or not , but it is possible that it is . if that is the case , it will notify you 10 minutes + travel time currently , and if you modify the calendar notification time , it should modify the now notification time . again , this is speculation based on how i understand now to function , but i believe it is fairly accurate based on my experience .
afaik android has no support for umts/lte/mobile-connectivity usb-sticks . the sim slot was always used for mobile connectivity . the gobi chip supports more technology for mobile connectivity , allowing the thinkpad to establish mobile connectivity in various countries . with a normal chip you are restricted to your region .
not sure which os runs on your laptop , but android uses the wpa_supplicant for wifi authentication . if wpa_supplicant provides a way to disable the cache , you will have to configure it in the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf configuration file .
you do not need to make your own folders . the proper file to put the mp3s is /system/media/audio/ - where you will find folders for /alarms , /notifications , and /ringtones there are two things to keep in mind when doing this : if you are using full-sized . mp3 's , you will put considerable strain on the system when it comes time to load one . in my experience , two minutes of mp3 works fine for an alarm , but such a file takes a few seconds to load , and will not make for a suitable ringtone , unless you trim the file first . you will have to re-do this every time you flash a new rom . an alternative to this -- is to have them in /sdcard/media/ -- but if you have an older device , having them in the root directory allows for better performance . hth !
relative to the sd card root directory ( i.e. . ${root} ) , ringtone directory : ${root}\media\audio\ringtones notification directory : ${root}\media\audio\\notifications i discovered this while installing ringtones/notifications with ringdroid .
you probably found the correct location ( if your " root of the device " refers to the root of your sdcard ) . for details on those directories , please check with is there any documentation on the correct/expected directory structure of the external memory card ? . one thing which however may apply : for those files to become available with your settings , the media scanner must have been run and having them indexed . usually this should happen automatically when your sd-card gets mounted ; but it may be much delayed when you did not unmount/remount the card ( and e.g. copied files directly on the device ) . in those cases , a little app like sdrescan , scan media , or sdsync ( sd card update ) might prove useful .
the auto-rotate setting is just that , automatic . when it is disabled , the device does not always use a single screen orientation , but uses whatever orientation is active when entering an application , until that app is closed . at least , this is trite for phones , i have little experience with tablets , but i expect it would be the same . if it is , just make sure the tablet is in portrait when you launch the app , and you will be good .
you could use a custom home launcher like adw - go to adwsettings > ui settings > screen preferences > home orientation this allows you to specify which orientation you want . apart from that im not sure its possible only other thing could be custom rom
it is possible to override the default screen orientation by disabling accelerometer rotation and setting user rotation in the system settings database . the phone/tablet needs to be rooted to do this . the change is applied after the phone/tablet is rebooted . on the console : user_rotation 0 -> rotation_0 user_rotation 1 -> rotation_180 user_rotation 2 -> rotation_270 user_rotation 3 -> rotation_90 see http://developer.android.com/reference/android/provider/settings.system.html#user_rotation for more details
for me the app fine volume control was the solution . it does not need root , unfortunately is not free ( $ 2.50 ) but provides a 7 day trial . however it does a great job : it subdivides the media volume range in 100 steps , allowing a much finer resolution for your volume choice including enabling to shut the volume to almost nothing . in the setting there is also the option to enable extra low volumes . overall it solved the problem for me perfectly and made my phone a much better music player , thus it is worth every penny . to my knowledge this is the only app with this functionality at the moment .
go to settings . go to sound . change the volume of the media . i am not exactly sure how to get to the option of changing the media volume since my phone is right now bricked .
not a software solution , but you could always try an in-line volume control like this : amazon : koss vc20 volume control you can get one on ebay for close to us $1: ebay search : headphone volume control
on rooted phones , it is possible to install custom kernel which can lower the volume setting lower than is available stock . you might want to look around for custom rom for your device , if it is a common problem it is highly possible someone would make a custom rom to modify the volume setting . you had generally want to try other solutions first though .
the android app , maven music player , has a " pre volume " control that can lower the sound volume below the minimum setting on your phone .
i am afraid this is not really an answer , but i found no way just to post a comment to the question so here it goes : for the samsung galaxy s and the samsung tablets , vodoo control effectively amplifies the sound and it is available in the android market
did you set the default keyboard ?
when it comes to user authentication , mobile browsers are no different from desktop browsers . mobile browsers do not get login credentials from local android accounts . if your primary google account is used automatically , it means you are logged in with this in dolphin browser . simply , go to google . com and sign out , then try again with trello .
at least google chrome beta asks before using automatic sign in . i would recommend the browser anyway , it is much better than any alternative , even though it does not include flash .
might very well be a hardware problem as doing a factory reset also has not helped . it is best to get your phone checked by an authorized technician .
you did not give details on " broken " in which way , but if it is about not charging , or having a flaky connection when charging : there seems to be a common problem with the micro-usb port speciffically in phones . it is very simple , but not so simple to detect . the problem is dust on the " back wall " of the connector on the phone . if you look into it , wou will just see this " wall " , with no dust . chances are that there is dust - like fiber collected from cloth of paper in your pocket over time , but perfectly compressed by hundreds of connecting cycles . looks just like a perfect surface ( in the limited visibility situation in the socket ) . so please do not make an assumption about it and give it a try - use a needle to scratch that " wall " , and see how it reacts . next part may be easy , surprising , and fun ! ( take care of unpowering the device it you use a conducting tool )
i know the built-in android mail client does not sync read status with hotmail . have you tried the official hotmail client ? it does seem to support most of hotmail 's more advanced features .
this was way simpler than i thought it was . i was trying to get this working for days now but it is actually really simple . my first approach was using reverse tethering , having the idea that i would need the android device to get its internet/lan connection from the pc and not the other way around . though that is not the case , just enable usb tethering on your android device and thats all you need . after you did that , open a terminal emulator window on the device or open an adb shell session with the command adb shell . enter netcfg to print out all the ips and look for a device named rndis0 or usb0 or maybe another name , depending on your rom or device . simply look at all the devices that are " up " and make sure its not wifi or mobile data connection , you can recognize them by the device name . if you think you found the correct adapter ( it should not show more than 2-3 devices that are listed as UP and have an valid ip next to it ) simply send your osc messages to that ip adress and it will work just fine . this should work with about any network protocol . you should be able to access the device over another computer aswell by setting up some port forwarding on the host pc to the android device ip and sending your messages to the pcs ip . or maybe using the android ip adress works aswell though i somewhat doubt your router is aware of the device . double check the ip if its not working , it will not be the same sub network as your lan . i made that mistake with my first try and blindly entered the first 3 number blocks without having a closer look .
if it is possible , and when i am feeling lazy , i just use my camera . otherwise , i use prodo ( it is a task manager ) . i have a widget on my homescreen , and i just touch it when i want to make a quick and short " note " ( or task ) . notes or tasks , it does not matter . when i am done with them , i delete the " note " , or move the data to other apps like evernote or contacts , if necessary .
there are plenty of note taking apps on the play store : evernote , its android widget and all the official evernote apps ( like skitch ) are available on the play store . if you do not want to use evernote you have got the same thing with catch . com . there are its catch notes app and all the other on the play store . you can use the official microsoft onenote app for android if you are a microsoft onenote user . if you do not want online sync , you can use note everything . it is a free app but there is also a pro add-on ( €2.99 ) with more features . you can also try scribb . it which is more of a multipurpose note taking app . its free but you can get a premium key ( €0.85 ) to enhance your experience . google released google keep , its own note taking app too .
i am not sure whether this works as i believe broadcast settings are not stored in sim . i searched and stumbled on this htc support page where the solution is said as : i resolve problem . it is very simple . just put your sim card in old or some other phone and turn off cell broadcast info option . then return your sim in new phone . on my htc desire 500 there is no option for cell broadcast . after this procedure i do not recives messages . then , another search result says with better detail ( you may have to search for Cell Broadcast . though this not deals with your phone ( with htc desire t327w ) , i guess this seems to be a common issue with few htc phones . as per that page : 26-sep-2013 - my earlier review talks about cell broadcast messages problem faced by me while using htc desire xds . after a lot of followup with htc , i have got the steps using which the cell broadcast messages have got disabled in my desire xds . the steps taken by me were as follows for each of the two sim cards : a ) find an old phone which has an option to enable/disable broadcast channels and messages ( in my case its a samsung d500 ) . b ) insert the first sim in that old phone and go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . c ) at first the channels and messages usually appear as disabled . i changed the setting for both channels and messages to enabled in the old phone . d ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on e ) go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . change the settings for both channels and messages to disabled . f ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on g ) switch-off the old phone and remove sim card h ) do the same steps ( a-g ) for the second sim i ) insert the sim cards back in htc desire xds now i do not get any broadcast messages , its such a relief . i hope htc provides a better and elegant solution via a software update in the upgrade to android 4.3 .
i have a roku that is hooked up to my tv . i use plex to handle streaming videos from my pc and other devices . rokus are pretty cheap and plex has done what i need .
i would recommend giving bubbleupnp a try . you will need a dlna/upnp server on your pc for that , but there are plenty of alternatives available . then you can use bubbleupnp as dlna server and control point . i use it to tell my tv what video to play ( tv acts as renderer then , and can be selected from within bubbleupnp ) . you can also tell the tv to play media from your android device , of course – either from bubbleupnp ( as control point ) , or from your tv browsing it . note , however , that for this to work , it has some pre-conditions : your tv must support dlna ( and ideally act as a media renderer ) you need a dlna/upnp server software on your pc ( if you are on windows , i have heard media player should do )
does your phone have a mhl connector ? if so , you could get a mhl to hdmi adapter , connect the phone to the tv and use a video player to stream the content from the pc . i would recommend using plex media server on the pc to host the content and the plex android app to play them . this way you do not have to deal with different video formats as they are automatically transcoded if the source file is not compatible with android . note that plex supports streaming for many different devices , so depending on your tv you may be able to stream directly to it .
quick'n'dirty , stream content to phone and cast screen to tv . try the allcast app .
after giving thought to what geffchang said above , i came across with the app skitch which can be used to highlight webpages as you wish . added advantage for this app is you can directly synchronize your work with evernote , a widely used note-taking app .
your native camera app does not support picture effects as the sony devices with jb update . so you have to go for a third party camera app . there are several good apps out there . fisheye camera photo effects pudding camera fxcamera
as far as i know , the gmail app and the mobile version of gmail does not have any way to add filters . you will have to use the desktop/full version of gmail to create filters .
direct way , no . workaround , yes . click menu in your stock android browser or chrome , and check Request Desktop Site .
which model ? try checking from the setting menu > about device ( or your tablet ) > system updates . you will be prompted if there is a firmware update . hoped it helps .
the milestone ( original motorola droid to all you americans ) does not use the default home screen app because of the slide out keyboard , since the default home screen app does not support landscape . switching to one of the other alternate home screen apps might solve your problem .
took me a while to figure out but it happened to me only at work . for some odd reason , when plugged into usb on windows 7 ultimate ( to charge ) , this would occur . at home , i use 7 home premium and everything works - driver and software . the pc at work simply would not install the driver for the phone , and would leave my phone hanging . being i am at work , i do not have the ' time ' to troubleshoot , but do notice this occurs often . hope this helps - from toronto , canada .
htc one v users can now take the software update . htc has provided the update for whatsapp crash . go to settings> about> software update
if the title bar disappears , install a task killer and kill all tasks . it may help .
try updating htc one v software . this will solve your issue . no need to reinstall whatsapp . you can go to setting -> about -> software update -> check now .
since this issue is mostly isolated to htc devices running 4.0.4 os or older , we have reason to believe your device may have issues with indian languages written in devanagari such as hindi , punjabi , gujarati etc . android only recently added sanskrit based characters support to android 4.3 . this is likely what is causing the crash in your history . unfortunately , this is not something that whatsapp can resolve , the only known fix is to update your phone to a phone that supports sanskrit languages or to ask your contacts to stop sending you messages containing devanagari fonts . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! regards kuldeep
there are number of thermal printer available in market with their own sdk . here is the ans of your queries : can print text and basic graphics ( e . g . qr codes ) yes we can print the basic graphics from the thermal printers . you can check the epson , casio or any other chinese printer in market . can connect to my android directly via bt or usb , without cloud printing or internet connection yes , you can connect with those printer via bluetooth , wifi or usb . also one more thing is you can install your printer drivers on server and directly send the printing request to the server . this feature allow you to print form anywhere no issue or slow connection like we face in bt and wifi . is generally reliable , and can handle a few hundreds of prints every day yes , thermal printers are reliable and work very well . you can print any number of prints from thermal printers . is thermal printing a good idea ? are there any thermal printers that play nicely with android ? thermal printer is a very good idea because it is available in very small amount . that is small in size so no need to make an extra place for the printer . for the developers here is one sample how to deal with thermal printer stackexchange-url
i work for a thermal printer manufacturer based in india ( mumbai ) . we have the perfect solution for your requirements : our 2" bluetooth printer . we can also provide a sample apk file , and the source code to integrate the printer with your application . if you want more information , please contact us .
what you are looking for is usually known as a ' receipt printer ' . a quick google for ' bluetooth receipt printer ' turns up a number of models from a variety of manufacturers ( quite a few of them are actually battery powered and portable - like you see at car rental places ) . the big problem here is that android does not really have any concept of local printing , so i think you are going to have to implement it yourself . android does have bluetooth communications apis ( docs ) , and i would be surprised if the printer manufacturers have not heard all this before , and have at least clues how to proceed ( after all , they like to sell printers ! ) . if you will be buying a significant number of printers , i bet they will happily help you talk to their devices . if that is too expensive for you ( and those printers look a bit pricey ) , then you could try usb . again , you can find usb receipt printers , which again you will have to learn to talk to . android does have a set of usb apis ( docs ) . on the plus side , my quick google for ' usb receipt printer ' turned up some sub-$75 choices right away , so this might be a good approach if you are price sensitive . i would also be willing to bet that at least some of the usb printers are actually serial devices with something like an ftdi chip bolted up to them . that means that talking to them is probably not very difficult . alternately , if you can find a cheap receipt printer that is serial or something , you could look at the ioio boards and software stack as a way to interface your android tablet to some funky printer . these are boards that adhere to the relevant android apis + software that makes them easy to talk to . the boards are available commercially , and the schematics are available , if you want to build your own , and they are designed to make hardware interfacing easy .
there is an app that can do this , un-rooted , called droidcopy it transfers everything across via bluetooth . disclosure : i am associated with the app .
your apps will be synchronized with your google account . you can see what apps are synchronized by going to the web-based google play/android market site and going into account settings . your contacts as well are synchronized by default but to make sure , go to account settings on your phone . your pictures , downloads , and any other files you may want to transfer can be uploaded to your computer temporarily and then from your computer to your new phone . alternatively , you could do this last bit a number of ways : bluetooth : bluetooth file transfer ftp : ftp server , ftp client samba : samba server , samba client you get the idea : file transfer apps you would need to root your phone to be able to access or copy the application data to your new phone .
helium - app sync and backup ( previously carbon ) will sync all your app data , such as settings and so on : helium lets you backup your apps and data to your sd card or cloud storage . with helium , you can sync app data from your other android devices-- even if they are not on the same network [ . . . ] helium does not require root . all android users can use helium to backup and sync android applications .
i have a similar problem with the galaxy tab 1 . it means the charger is faulty and will not charge the tablet ( or will charge it very slowly - which seems to be your case ) . try squiggling it around a little bit until it charge , also consider buying a new samsung tablet charger ( the phone charger has a lower output , which is inadequate for a tablet ) , do not use the knock-off brands ! . if the red x is there even when it is not charging , then the battery is faulty , take it to the service center .
i would suggest using titanium backup . it has extra features for rooted devices , but normal app and data backups work fine wihtout root .
looks like there is no way to synch google maps favorities . i discovered osmand stores its favorities in /osmand/favourites . gpx . it is a xml file , each favority has name , category , latitude and longitude . in google maps , anywhere we can rightclick and click " what is here ? " . it will show top left the coordinates of the place rightclicked . the solution i found was to manually handle my favorites . in osmand , we go favorites and click on the middle-bottom button to import any new record in that file . when i need to add any new favorite i will just edit the file and import it again . this way i will always have control of them and can backup the file .
you can add offline map to google maps by setting the view to the region to want to store , then searching the phrase " ok maps " . for custom maps you currently need google maps engine app , afaik . not sure if it had offline storage at present .
have you tried restarting your phone after you removed the mail account ? make sure to also uncheck Settings &gt; Security &gt; Device administrators &gt; Email .
you can not remove the battery on the razr or maxx , so the magical key sequence to power off is holding the volume down and the power key for 10 seconds .
it is not a benefit or a feature per se , but rather a design issue . some devices ' hardware will not respond to hardware buttons to force a reboot , necessitating a hard power off ( ie , removing the battery ) if the system crashes . it depends on how the hardware is designed - ie , if there is a separate circuit , not dependent on the os , that a physical button can trigger to force a hard reboot ( similar to many pcs , where holding down the power button for 5 seconds will force a hard reboot ) .
that is not entirely true . when your device crashes , press and hold the power button for 10 seconds . the device will be rebooted . it works at least on my galaxy s . you should try it , too . if this method is not working , you should not blame android for that . this is the way computers work . when the kernel runs out of memory , the device is crashed . your screen is on or off , it does not matter . . the data is intact in memory ( mainly ram ) . the ram is designed such that it can hold data as long as it has power supply . it is not like hard drives , dvds etc which could hold data without power supply . when you remove battery , the ram loses its data . so , when you start the device after that , it is like a fresh start , the kernel is loaded again in ram to handle everything as usual . ( if you have problems understanding any terms or process in last paragraph , please see this question for some definitions . )
you can install titanium backup and buy the pro key . it allows to extract app backups from saved cwm nandroid backups . usage : launch titanium backup , menu > more > " extract from nandroid backup "
to unpack a yaffs2 image , you can use the free unyaffs tool , which is available as pre-build elf-binary ( for linux ) from this page at code . google . com . this page also contains hints on how to obtain the source code , so you could build the binary yourself e.g. with gcc ( gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c ) . i use this tool myself , it works fine on ubuntu 8.04 32bit as well as ubuntu 12.04 64bit ( with the ia32-libs package installed ) . place the binary e.g. in /usr/local/bin ( which is in your $PATH ) , so you can access it from everywhere . put the image file you want to extract in an empty directory ( unyaffs always seems to extract files directly into the folder the image file is in ) , and then call unyaffs with the image file name as only parameter , e.g. unyaffs data.img . after that , you will find the contents of that file system/image unpacked , and can investigate them -- e.g. sms/mms in data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db multimedia metadata in data/com.android.providers.media/databases/*.db calendar data in data/com.android.providers.calendar/databases/calendar.db as i just investigated a motoblur image , contacts in my case have been stored to data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db -- they are probably in a different location in your case ( a guess : data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/*.db ) . the sqlite3 command works on them , naturally . if you prefer a graphical frontend , i can recommend you the sqliteman package ( comes with a binary of the same name , which accepts the database file as parameter ) .
what rom was it in the backup ? if the filesystem was ext4 you could mount the img to loopback like this : this is on linux btw , sudo mount -o loop,ro,noexec,noload system.img ~/mountedImageDir  then go into that directory ~/mountedimagedir and you should be able to see the directory structure in there : )
i would check out yahoo messenger . i have not used it but it is the only video chat app that i am aware of that can communicate with a computer . i believe fring and qik only go phone to phone . also , keep an eye on skype , unfortunately at the moment their android offering is very limited .
another option will be oovoo . the free version allows 2-way video chat between android and mac ( plus many other platforms ) they are expected to release a version for the galaxy tab in february according to this http://www.cnet.com/8301-19736_1-20025684-251.html
if i enable location sharing in latitude , that comes with google maps , all my friends with whom i have enabled sharing can see me either from their phone or logging in to google maps .
it is not " constantly " trying to update , and therefore it is not constantly using your battery . autosync only transmits when the other side has something to send . it does not constantly ask if there has been a change that needs to be synced . this is accomplished by opening a socket to the server , then putting the radio to sleep . the socket stays open until server attempts to send something , or the socket times out . tcp/ip sockets typically time out anywhere from 12 to 18 minutes after they are opened . each time the radio listens for traffic ( which in gsm land is every 120 milliseconds ) it will see that traffic is waiting if either the socket timed out or the socket became readable ( has data waiting ) . it would then power up the radio enough to read the data , or reestablish the timed out socket ) . your phone is doing that all the time , 24/7 365 whether you have autosync on or not . that is how cell phones work . it takes virtually zero power . so if you sync your gmail , contacts , calendars , picasa , documents , books , music , reader , all of those things you sync with google are handled by one socket . that one socket gets set readable when there has been any change in any of those services that needs syncing . add another socket for dropbox , or skydrive , or any non-google mail accounts . ( for non-google mail accounts always choose imap accounts , never pop3 . pop3 has to wake up and check mail . have your gmail account pull mail from pop3 , and get that account off your phone . imap accounts use imap idled , which works on the open socket method described above , as does microsoft exchange ) . the vast majority of these services go hours if not days between any changes , so there are very few times that data needs to actually be synced . most of the time its just a socket refresh . and all of these tend to happen at one time , because android tries to get them to all drop at the same time by starting them at the same time when you bounce from one tower to the next or switch from cellular to wifi . but the key point to remember is that your phone is always talking to the towers anyway , every 120ms , so these socket refreshes take almost zero extra power . source : icebike 's answer on http://forums.androidcentral.com/htc-one-x/181151-autosync-battery-killer.html
osmand is an offline navigation app and should support geo intents since 2011 . it has a fully functional free version and a reasonably priced paid version in the play store . it is foss also , so you could ask for the functionality to be improved or you could send a patch yourself if needed . there is also nightly builds available on the project 's site .
i would assume that it would be similar or the same as the 8gb nexus 7 , which is about 5.92gb .
i resolve it by this : call settings ~> auto screen off/on during calls .
name your cover files " albumart.jpg " , the gallery will ignore them .
adding a . nomedia file block your music from showing in your media player . i solved the issue by deleting all of my.jpg albumart files in my music folders then letting poweramp download its own albumart , it makes an albumthumbs folder on your internal sd card and saves the images as non-jpg binary files so the android media scanner does not pick them up . my gallery app is clutter-free now ! : )
if you add an empty file called . nomedia to a directory the media scanner will ignore it .
in case you cannot find a device-specific driver , it is worth trying the universal adb driver . it should work with most devices , so i would even say this is the first one to try -- especially when having multiple devices , as this gets you rid of the need for multiple drivers .
i think it was a memory issue . i installed auto memory manager , set it on " mild " and never had the problem again .
i do not know if there is a way to do it specifically in touchwiz , but on my droid i had to install groupy to accomplish this . it works but be careful and test it out first as if you add groups and sync in the wrong order you will end up with tons of duplicates .
go to contacts . hit menu --> display options . under " choose contacts to display " tap the account ( gmail ) and then check the groups you want .
the groups tab in the contacts app shows the individual google contacts groups , including the built-in ones ( "coworkers " etc . ) and my custom groups , and they are browsable . this is on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 , with touchwiz .
go to your web browswer - not on the phone - use a desktop or laptop ( you might be able to do this via phone but have not checked - you would probably need desktop mode if you wanted to try ) - and go to the android market : https://market.android.com/ log in between the search bar and android market you should get the following options apps , books , movies and my library - click on my library . just under the search option you should see purchase history . click on it . you should find a list of the apps and when they installed . this will help you pick up any apps etc that are new . to see the most recently updated apps just go to the market app on your phone , go to my apps ( my downloads - depending on the version of your app market ) and it will list them in the most recent order of updated/installed - with any requiring an update at the top - scroll past these to see the last ones you updated ( if any has an error its possible it might be in the apps to update ) .
this sounds like a loose usb port on the phone . the microusb port on smartphones are delicate things and can easily become loose and no longer reliably charge . if you use your phone or leave it connected but with the power connection taut ( like if it is plugged into the wall and fully extended so the power cord is putting pressure on the microusb port ) , over time this can and will loosen ( or even break ) the solder joints that connect the microusb port to the circuit board . eventually leading to a scenario like you are seeing now . hopefully your phone is still under warranty , as a mainboard replacement is likely in order here . . . unless you are very skilled at micro-soldering work , then you could take the phone apart and see if you can re-solder the loose/broken connects .
the nexus has replaceable charge ports . all you need is a tiny phillips screwdriver and watch one of the youtube videos . i purchased a charge port off amazon for less than 10 dollars and fixed my phone in 20 minutes .
go to voice . google . com . top right , click on settings -> voice settings . go to " calls " tab . turn call screening to " off "
please note that the market requires talk to run , and you have to be signed into talk for the market to work . this is your main issue . you will need to add them back via nandroid if you have it , otherwise you will have to reflash your rom . you need to be really careful about which stock apps you remove as a lot of them are interdependent on one another . check on xda and cyanogen sites for lists of which stock apps you can and can not remove .
since you have not mentioned , i assume you do not have nandroid backup . a nanroid backup is basically a backup of your android operating system from the phone’s nand memory , saved to the storage card . if you had that , you could have just restored the backup . now the alternative is , if you know the programs that were deleted by the performed command you could try getting the apk files and adding them in /system/app and rebooting the phone . i thing the best and easy way now would be to get the stock rom for your phone and flash it .
your contacts are automatically backed up to the google account you set up your phone with . so long as you have the " contacts " sync setting on , any changes you have made to your contacts should be mirrored in your gmail contacts online . after you wipe your phone , if you use the same account to set it up again the contacts will automatically download on the first sync . you can verify that your contacts are backed up by going online to gmail , clicking on " contacts " , and checking them against your phone 's address book .
firefox also requires an armv7 processor . the htc dream/g1 is officially unsupported because its processor is armv6 . see the supported/unsupported device list on the mozilla wiki : these devices have armv6 processors and are not compatible with firefox for android : . . . htc dream ( t-mobile g1 , android dev phone 1 ) . . .
the answer to this question from eldarerathis is currently correct ; now , though , armv6 support is in the works too , and it can be downloaded from mozilla . ( however , the aurora build of mobile firefox worked better for me than the nightly build last time i tried it ; however , i have a slightly unusual device using a qvga ( small ) screen and a keyboard ) .
samsung elected not to include all the texture compression formats when they integrated the mali-400 gpu into the exynos chip that powers the galaxy s ii . this is because some formats are patented and would require samsung to pay a fee to the patent-holder to support them . because the s ii was the first high-end phone not to support these formats , most game vendors were not ready to use alternative texture compression formats in their games , and such games will draw with missing textures , like in your screenshot . also , at the time the s ii came out , google play made it very hard to support multiple texture formats with one app : you had to include all the formats in one apk file , making it unnecessarily large . it is now much easier to build for different compression formats and automatically select the right textures for the device you are running on .
also have a samsung galaxy s2 and had the exact same problem with hawks , i installed a different version and it worked fine . i guess it is because of the mali gpu and compatibility .
http://www.jayceooi.com/2011/08/25/how-to-install-and-use-chainfire3d-on-samsung-galaxy-s2/ use this 100% works ! use the third plugin ( powervr ) and bia2 will work ! ! ! ! ! i was thinking i could help because when i had this problem i could not find it on the internet . good luck with it .
as long as your phone is rooted , you can use the excellent button remapper app by appelflap as a convenient workaround . what the app will let you do is remap the camera button to work as the power button . after installing the app , find the entry for " ( camera ) " and set its action to " power " and its state to " wake_dropped " . ( wake tells the key to register even when the screen is off ; wake_dropped does the same but drops the key before it is sent to the running application . ) optionally , remap the " ( power ) " button to something innocuous like " home " and set its state to " none " — that way , in case the real power button becomes active in a jammed state , the button input should not mess up anything you are trying to do on the phone . after you are satisfied with your changes , click " apply " to reboot the phone for the changes to take effect . in case you messed up , there will be a notification from button remapper in the status bar , which will let you reset any changes you have made . note that even when using button remapper to remap the hardware buttons , the remapping will not take effect when the phone is off ( or you are booted into recovery mode ) . if your power button does not work , you will still have to use a workaround like plugging your phone into a charger in order to get the phone to power on from a shutdown state . seeing as how the power button design on the motorola droid appears to be partially defective ( i know of at least a handful of droid owners who have had the power button fail ) , on my replacement droid i made the point of remapping the camera button pre-emptively , in an attempt to minimize wear and tear on the power button . it is something to consider .
to do it when the phone is turned off : plug it in to power while holding down the ' x ' key until a warning sign shows up on screen . different versions seem to differ here , but : it might boot straight away . you might have to hold down the volume up and camera keys , then select ' reboot phone ' . you might have to press the search button , then select ' reboot phone ' .
that process is called side loading ( i added the corresponding tag to your question , so you may simply click it for related questions ) . and yes , it can be done : all you will have to do is to enable the unknown-sources setting , and then access the .apk using a web browser or file manager . however : downloading apps from " dubious sources " carries a big risk , as they might include malware . chances are especially high if you obtained that file from some " sharing site " like e.g. mediafire or the like , where everybody can put everything . the risk you take that way is not worth the 99 cent saved by not buying the app on the playstore , so i would think twice before doing so . if you got the file from the developer 's site , on the other hand , it should be as safe as if installed via the playstore .
what you need to do is head over to sammobile . com and download the latest firmware for your phone , then using odin you can flash the new firmware . if your driver issues are software related then this will work because odin uses your phones " download mode " and that is a different driver all together , and if your truly stock and not rooted there is no way you could have changed it . samsung kies will come with the needed driver for download mode to get that too if you do not already have it . also you can check out forum . xda-developers . com there is a lot of useful tools and guides there . another option if the samsung kies for skyrocket supports it is a firmware emergency recovery . it will install the latest firmware , and use download mode to do it .
if you are unable to boot the internal memory and do not have special equipment you are likely going to have to bite the bullet and lose your contacts . i would re-flash the phone in this situation . hopefully you have been using android 's built in contacts backup . xperia tipo re-flashing
search light is open source , has no unnecessary permissions , and has a nice set of operating modes .
i do not see any excessive permissions in color flashlight . yes , it shows an ad for the first 10-15 seconds when you launch it ( at the bottom of the screen , flashlight is still usable ) . the other permissions i believe are needed to change the screen timeout , backlight , and camera flash settings . it should not be hard to make a truly free version , but i have not seen one , and do not mind supporting a developer with a non-intrusive ad .
oi flashlight is open source , it can use both camera flash and bright screen .
kevin 's answer is great , but just some new info : the flashcard app , which was popular since very early on , has been released as open source : https://github.com/devesh/flashlight
figured it out - the contacts were saved to my sim card , not my phone . i had to import all my contacts from my sim to my phone and then i was able to edit them fully : )
it looks like the build did not complete successfully . run make again . it should try to resume from the point the build failed , whereupon it'll encounter the same error again . probably the error message will tell you what went wrong : possibly it is a problem with the software you need to build the source , or likely the way you have " modified " the build has caused the problem . if you can not work out yourself what the error message means , then our sister site stack overflow will be able to offer specific help if you tell them the message and your situation .
as per jeff darcy ( original ) : this is what i did to fix it ( without touching a pc ) . i used es file explorer , and " photo editor " from the play store to accomplish this : copy the original apk ( systemui . apk and rosie . apk ) to a writable folder using es file explorer , long press on the apk and choose ' extract ' once the extraction is complete , find the image you want to change , under res/drawable-mdpi edit the image using photo editor ( i just made it black ) , and overwrite the original . using es file explorer , recompress all of the files you got from the extraction , using the zip extension keep the original apk , renaming it to something like " systemui . apk . old " rename the new zip file to " systemui . apk " , being sure to match the original apk file name in spelling and case . move your new systemui . apk to /system/app , overwriting the default reboot , and enjoy . caution : this may not be the generally accepted method , and therefore could potentially cause damage to your filesystem . be sure to perform a nandroid backup , and back up your original apks , just in case .
can you go to https://www.google.com/contacts/ and let us know if you see the contacts there ? thanks
visit each contact you wish to designate a favorite , and click the star icon till lit up . then visit the favorites list , and it is there . from the favorites list , click again to clear as a favorite . bing ; it is gone .
to favorite a contact : open Contacts app search for contact to favorite long-press on contact select Add to Favorites to remove from favorites , select Remove from Favorites for a favorite contact ( has a star ) .
as it seems you can access your device via adb , you should be able to remount /system read/write to repair that file , using adb remount  after that , you can copy the intact DroidSans.ttf to /system/fonts , overwriting the 0-byte-file . following a reboot , /system will be mounted read-only again , and everything should be working . in case that adb remount should fail with a " permission denied " , you might wish to read how to remount /system as read-write in android , which explains the manual remount process step-by-step . that would basically be : get a shell on the android device using either adb shell or a terminal app become root using su find out how and where /system is mounted , using mount | grep system mount /system read/write using the information obtained , e.g. mount -o rw,remount /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; /system ( make sure to use the device obtained in the previous step instead of /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; ) verify whether your remount was successful , again using mount | grep system now copy your DroidSans.ttf to /system/fonts either reboot , or simply remount /system read-only using the parameters obtained in step 3 , e.g. /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; /system ext4 rw,relatime,barrier=1,data=ordered 0 0 always make sure to use the device and parameters obtained from step 3 , or you might completely mess up .
if you have warranty then give it to the service centre and tell them to clear the water logs , if you do not have then you can do it by yourself and there are lots of tutorials available for dismantling and assembling . keeping the phone with battery and water could cause some short circuit and there are possibilties that you battery will be dead completely . so act fast
no , odin is just for flashing . the dump command does not seem to work , at least not as of odin3 v1.85 ; see can i make a full backup of my phone with odin and without root ?
since you said you have aready use odin to flash , i think you know how to get these necessary files : bootloader , pda , phone , csc , pit . then , let 's start . force the device to the upload mode by this way : simultaneously press power button and down button . when the device is in download mode , plug odin software and flash only bootloader file ( normally bootloader file is like this : bootloader_devicecode . tar . md5 ) . after that , flash again with all pda , bootloader , csc , phone and it is ok without pit . you should use the lastest version of odin , as i am now using ver . 3.07 . please feel free if you need more help .
can you uninstall the application ? or is it one of those pre-installed apps ? if it is preinstalled , you will have to get root access to remove it completely , see here . however , removing it can potentially cause a brick if you factory reset your phone . edit : it looks like there are no easy ways to disable this app . you have two choices : factory wipe . during setup process , do not enable the backup assistant . do some trickery using this method mentioned in this post ( quoted below ) . it does not require a factory wipe . 1 ) be sure to have all your contacts backed up to your gmail account . check online before proceeding to step 2 . 2 ) log into your my verizon account . go to the contacts tab , sort by list view and select all contacts . delete the entire list . there is a deleted contacts tab as well . select that and delete anything that is in there . 3 ) go into your incredible settings tab , select applications , manage applications . do not sort or filter , allow list to populate . select sync service , ( icon resembles backup assistant icon ) select clear data . 4 ) also in manage applications scroll down to backup assistant , select clear data . this should do it . 5 ) to verify backup assistant is now disabled , select settings , accounts and sync , then under manage accounts , select backup assistant . you should be looking at a license agreement screen .
i solved similar problems by installing samsung kies on my laptop ( windows 7 ) . it installed all drivers that could not be found using windows update .
what operating system do you run on your computer ? that sometimes happened to me when i used windows . have you tried using airdroid , though ? i use that now . it basically does remotely , what you would do with a usb . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sand.airdroidhl=en but that is just an alternative , i will wait for your response to see if maybe i have a solution .
there is an alternate approach without root device . by using sdk tool to set install location as sd card , you can move most . it is a good middle of the round solution . see url - http://techgage.com/article/moving_your_non-movable_android_apps_to_an_sd_card/
as @cyborgz said , you have to first root the system . take a look at this question to see your device is listed . even if not , probably your device 's closest like htc hero for more information . once rooted you have to partition your sd card to create a sd-ext partition . see the question " sd card partitioning ? why ? how ? " to know how . then you can use apps like link2sd to move few user applications to sd card and create link of few user applications to the sd-ext partition . by this way you would have created loads of free memory in your device . if you still want to get more like moving youtube , gmail and maps , you can use link2sd to first convert them to user app ( from system app ) and move or link them ( most likely moving will not be permitted ) .
in order to access the system folder root access is required . all systems apps are available in /system/apps folder , if you have root access , just choose the required app and move it sd card with the help of file manager . if you would like to move your system data partition i.e. , system/data you can try this hope it helps . ps : please do a research before doing any thing in system folder , if you mess up , then i am not responsible ! ! !
if you have linked a gmail account on your android , dont worry . . just follow these steps:- input the wrong pattern 3 or more times till " forgot password " button appears click on forgot password button and check your inbox
follow the guidelines from xda forum have a look at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1374742
go to settings > screen lock> none
i think i got it . this is what i did : system settings > security > device managers disable kaspersky as device manager system settings > screen lock : swipe ( or what you want ) enable kaspersky as device manager now i can unlock the phone with one swipe . i use app protector to lock certain apps plus system settings with a different code . nb : the above names ( like device manager ) may not be 100% accurate as i am not using an english version of android . . .
just a wild guess : open contacts app long-press a contact so that a menu appears click edit click groups check ice - emergency contacts although i have an s4 , i can not try it on my phone due to some security settings .
once you hit the gray box and that ice list pops up , i believe you just have to select a contact from that list in order to assign that person/phone number to the box . just be careful with assigning contacts to the gray boxes because it can be very easy to pocket dial these people . in case you are interested in removing someone from the gray box , you select the menu button while on the " emergency dialer " screen and it'll give the option to remove the contact from the gray box . hope it helps .
the quick settings app puts that at your fingertips and , by default , is launched with a long-press on the search button .
with a combination of tasker and rotation locker you can keep your auto-rotation off but create a profile that sets the orientation for certain apps .
resolution easytether light ( no root ) is the best tethering software i have been able to find on the play store ; however , it blocks udp ports and secure protocols . updating to easytether full ( cost : 9.99 usd ) resolved the issues on all of the above-listed sites and services . it was very bothersome to go through all this and e-mail the developer , only to get a kind of boggled response from him . their faq does not mention this , and the message in the app was covered up by the " warning , do not scratch the camera " message i had written on my screen guard , up until yesterday ; so , i simply did not notice . i hope the developer will upgrade the app to include some kind of pop-up message indicating that this is the cause of the issue , or at least add the issue to the faq . thanks for all the comments and wonderful help !
you can use an app like llama or tasker to activate sync only when on wifi . if you turn off sync , that also turns off syncing of your calendar/contacts/tasks et al in your google account . the gmail app should have an option to only download attachments via wifi within your specific account options .
the clue is in both the graphics gpu and the cpu for emulation . the adreno 200 gpu chipset and its related driver is old by today 's standards , plus the fact , that the older armv6 devices were more or less running kernel 2.6 . xx which did not have much adreno driver integration into kernel space . this was the key change in ice cream sandwich and later , which usually went hand-in-hand with the kernels 3 . x . x where the actual driver was loaded into that kernel space for adreno chipsets , which in turn , made the gpu drawing much smoother . there was attempts to backport those kernel features from 3 . x . x back into 2.6 . xx which was a nightmare for the armv6 so all sorts of hacks were put in place to give it , more or less , a " smooth " experience for the gpu and adreno at that point . plus the fact , that kernels 3 . x . x has dropped armv6 architecture support as well ! as for armv6 , well , it did the world good and is gathering dust . i did point out about a year or so ago , that armv6 cheap smartphones will be phased out in favour of single core armv7 in that category of cheap smartphones . nonetheless , emulation is indeed cpu heavy , no questions asked , as the emulator 's running code for such a game has to be " translated " or " interpreted " for the actual cpu that the emulator is running on . might be worth trying a better emulator , i did run pokemon on the gameboy emulator , this was found in the f-droid repository , and ran ok on the zte blade ( armv6 , 512mb ram , adreno 200 ) . the only snag with such emulators like that , is you need to find the emulator rom , really , a small file that simulates the equivalence of the bios for that said emulator . plus , it is hard to find for that matter as well due to copyright laws .
this only applies if you have root access , as bryan already pointed out in the comments . i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can transfer its files to another device and restore the backups on there .
assuming you have adb access to your test device , you can issue the following command : adb shell pm uninstall PACKAGE where " package " is the package name of your launcher app ( you should know this since you are creating the app in the first place . ) [ edit ] as requested , re-posting my comment as the answer : every site for zte blade has instructions for accessing the fastboot mode via volume up + power button combination . eg : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/index.php?title=zte_blade:_full_update_guide give that a shot and see if you can access the phone via fastboot . exe ( should be in the [ android sdk ] /tools/ directory . ) at that point you can flash a different recovery image ( clockworkmod , amon-ra ) that will allow access to /data/app to delete your program .
this is a known bug , and it is not entirely clear if it is the sms application or android 's sms implementation itself . you can see the ticket here , which was closed on jan 29 , 2011 . the fix has been slow getting out to phones other than the nexus line because carriers have not released updates that include it . one option in the meantime would be to try an alternative sms app , such as handcent or chompsms . however , though many people say that it does help , others have reported that the bug still persists on 3rd party apps . there is also a reportedly related bug that causes outgoing messages to be sent to the wrong recipient . the " opening the wrong thread " bug was closed as a duplicate of the " wrong recipient " bug , as the fix for the latter apparently applied to the former ( according to google ) .
the error you get is via kies and relates to the pc that is running the kies - it checks to see if you have 3gb of space on it ( do not know why ) . it does not relate to the space on the phone internal memory .
my idea . . . if you dont see the file , try to use another one file manager what have the option " show hidden files " . ( sometimes it is impossible without root rule . . . ) and save the app to the sd card from the phone memory , then try to copy everything . after moving , try to re-copy everything . ( *server sync not exists ? *game support doesnt recommend anything for you ? )
if you have a locked bootloader , it is s-on . if you fully unlock the bootloader it is s-off . as eldarerathis notes below there is an intermediate state , where it is unlocked but still s-on , where you can flash recoveries and roms but not radio firmware and so on . if you do not unlock the bootloader , you can not flash unsigned firmware and most often can not alter your rom ( i.e. . , no permanent rooting ) . the locked bootloader generally restores a known good system image on boot if it sees that changes have been made . for some devices there is no known method of unlocking the bootloader ; most of the time you need something official like htc 's unlocker tool .
search for swiftp or ftpserver in the market . they turn your phone into an ftp server and will let you connect using the client of your choice , which would include the bash ftp client .
i use wifi file explorer and i have found it works great .
short answer you did the right thing , and do not need to be afraid . that popup was most likely caused by some javascript on the visited web site to make you download/install something really bad . it does not mean you are infected . explanation there are a couple of things to consider . first , if the popup really said " you have a virus " , your reacting was fully correct ( and the popup bluntly lying ) : there are no viruses for android , at least not " in the wild " . i know , the term got mixed up , and when speaking about anti-virus people really mean " an app against all kind of malware " . but no serious av app would speak of " you have a virus " , as that is technically incorrect . mixing in your " fear " from the second paragraph here : exactly that is what matches a virus definition , and makes it different from all other kinds of malware : the ability to " multiply itself " . as you 100% sure have no " virus " on your device , no need to be afraid about that . for details on the above , please see e.g. wikipedia : the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user 's consent . there you see why a virus is close to being impossible : on android , the user is always asked for his " consent " when something is installed . now for the last part : who should have caused that popup ? do you have any av app installed and active ? your question does not suggest such . so if you have no such app installed , who should have popped up that warning ? android does not do that . so the most likely candidate was a part of the site you have visited . that is rather so-called scareware trying to make you install something bad . believe me , you did the right thing – and would possibly have been in trouble if you had acted differently .
that nokia code is a myth , it does not provide you with any more power , it actually does more harm than good if you are low on battery because it activates the better voice codec ( which consumes more battery ) . however , on android you have this feature called battery saver . here 's my settings screen for this function on a lg phone ( accessed by going to settings > battery > battery saver ) battery saver screen ( click image for larger variant ) the exact name for this feature varies from manufacturer to manufacturer . on a samsung phone it is called power saving mode . on a motorola phone it is called battery saver . this function can be activated manually or automatically when your battery reaches critical state ( 15% or below ) . what it does is turn off some non-essentials features of your phone ( bluetooth , nfc , sync , vibration , etc . ) so the battery can last a bit longer until you can reach a charger . however , your best bet when your battery is low is to limit screen usage , since it is the most power-hungry component of the phone . also , if you can cool down your phone somehow , do so . also , i found extra batteries and/or external batteries to be a better solution for the battery problem , but not everyone can afford them , so this function is your second-best option .
the files /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/maps /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/smaps  are not universally readable by anyone , at least not in stock device . try running from a terminal emulator from inside android ( running as a regular user ) , instead of adb ( which runs at a slightly elevated privilege ) . adb runs with a lot of privileges because it is used for debugging and need to be able to access a lot of device features , that is why it is dangerous to connect a device to an untrusted machine with usb debugging enabled . and the file /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/statm is also readable in desktop linux systems .
there are perfectly good reasons why those informations are readable , and that is nothing dangerous ( writing , however , would be ) . this is inherited from the linux system android builds upon -- and i will give you a few short examples to show you the good of it : if you list contents of the /proc ( virtual ) directory , you will find things like e.g. : /proc/meminfo: this is where all apps can obtain information about total/used/available ram -- so e.g. system monitors can present these details /proc/devices: shows all devices available on the system , so e.g. a camera app can tell if ( and where ) there is a camera to be used -- or exit otherwise /proc/uptime: to show you how long the device is already running and more . nothing dangerous about knowing this -- just the opposite : to many apps these are essential information so they can do their job . now to your special /proc/&lt;pid&gt; sub-tree : again it is the system monitors ( and the task killers ) depending on this information . here they can get a list of running processes . all the details on those apps ( how long have they been running , how much memory are they using , etc . ) is to be found here . no system monitor could do without this . and again , there is nothing harmful about reading here . the maximum " bad " thing about this is any app could look what other apps are running , and what resources they are using . from a user 's perspective , we will not dig much deeper here . just one more thing to say : these informations can be very useful if you have to go troubleshooting . some of my answers even included this already . and for sure you do not need to be afraid of " dangerous leaks " just from the fact this all is world-readable . moreover , as lie ryan makes clear in his answer , not all of the information here is world-readable : some sensitive information is , in fact , protected . also keep in mind that adb generally has more privileges than any other " normal user process " . especially starting with android 4.0 ice cream sandwich ( ics ) its privileges have been increased ( e . g . to make a complete backup possible even if the device is not rooted ) , so you cannot take " access via adb " as a reference here -- but rather should check from a ( local ) terminal . additionally , risks are increased when connecting via adb with usb debugging enabled , as this again increases privileges granted to adb .
jelly bean upgrade ( 4.2 ) add support for group messaging . so , two solutions : upgrade your phone to jelly bean 4.2 . install a third party application that handles it : this one seems to have a fair number of good reviews .
the built-in camera app ( on vanilla android and every other device i have personally seen ) does not support this . the flash will only come on as the picture is being taken , and you cannot set it to provide continuous light when taking a picture . there are two potential options , depending somewhat on the version of android you are using . one option would be to use the video mode ( with the flash enabled ) and capture images as you are recording , then discard the video at the end . you should be able to do this on newer versions of android by tapping the screen while video is recording . i believe this only works on jelly bean ( or later ) , but manufacturers have implemented this themselves in a few cases ( ex : the galaxy s3 ) . a second option would be to use a third-party camera application . camera mx , for example , allows you to put the flash into " torch " mode while taking pictures . simply tap on the lightning bolt icon until the small infinity symbol appears on top of it :
camera zoom fx has this feature
google voice should do what you want if you are in the us . on my phone i can go to Settings -&gt; Call settings -&gt; Voicemail and set it as the " voicemail service " ( you will need the google voice app to do this ) . there might be other apps to hook into this voicemail service setting but i can not find any at the moment .
yes you can share your mobile data connection ( 3g and 2g ) using making your phone hotspot . in settings--> more --> tethering and portable hotspot --> portable wi-fi hotspot you can set your ssid , security and password in set up wifi hotspot now in another android device you can connect to this wifi hotspot .
off course in wi-fi hotspot that is what you do . quite obvious as the other person is already having a sim then why would you want a new sim to make it complicated you are indirectly sharing your 2g/3g ( should be 3g compatible and the service should be available in your area ) /4g ( in some countries ) through the wi-fi hotspot . in wi-fi hotspot first your switch on your mobile data then your wi-fi after which under your wi-fi settings u may have an option for wi-fi hotspot . using this your device will search for the available wi-fi networks and will notify you for the available wi-fi nearby . when you enter some code ( for secure reasons you may not want to share wi-fi with all the people around you so the phone asks for a pass code ) the other person should also enter the same code for receiving the data . after which you and your other person can have data connection on both phones . **note-**not all the devices support wi-fi hotspot . please refer you handset manual if the option is available or not
if you run adb with no arguments , the help text will tell you the answer to this question . adb uninstall -k com.mycompany.myapp  removes the app but leaves the data and cache directories . similarly , adb install -r myapp.apk  reinstalls an existing app with a new apk file , keeping its data intact . as a side-note , i do not know if this affects you , but do not forget that google play 's developer terms forbids apps from updating themselves ( updating the apk file ) through a non-google-play channel . this is to stop developers side-stepping the google play terms by building a ' stub ' app that , once installed , replaces itself with an app that does not meet the google play terms . updating data files and the like is perfectly fine .
i would reset the entire connection . delete it from your phone and then reconnect , reenter the password , an make sure it saves it . you could have the wrong password , it could just be something simple . if this does not help , make sure you have not turned your connections off , restart your phone . if that does not help , make sure your internet connection is up and going . call your service provider or unplug your router and make it reboot itself then check to see if your phone will pick it up again .
first check whether its just the wi-fi on your phone or the lan on your system . there are many possibilities with the wi-fi not working properly . either the key is not matched with the key you configured under your modem wi-fi password . signal might be weak . ( if signal&lt ; =10% then some devices wi-fi connection is disabled to save power ) in-appropriate configuration of your modem due to which although the connection might be established you might not be able to browse thereby showing no internet connection . for this reason wi-fi is termed to have very least preference because of heavy loss of data during the transmission or disturbance . solution:- if you signal is weak try to get more strength by getting near to you wi-fi or having an external hardware that could boost your signal strength . if the key is not matched then you need to enter the appropriate the password as set by you . if the connection is not configured then you need to check your manual and configure the wi-fi settings properly and click forget on your old wi-fi network to re-configure the network on your device .
try changing settings to static ip address . here is a video where you will find out how to do it in ics 4.0
yes , being rooted does not interfere with google play 's autoupdating , nor the update mechanism of other apps ( such as the amazon app store ) . just remember that , in most cases , rooting involves a factory-reset , so remember to back up your stuff first .
yeah they will auto update as long as you have enabled it under settings in play store . keep it in your mind though , rooting or installing custom rom will void warranty .
it really depends on which os you want to run . regardless , whenever you want to run a os meant for computers ( x86 architecture ) on a mobile device ( arm architecture ) a fair amount of time and processing power is needed to convert instructions from one format to other . i am not sure if there is a one stop solution like vmware on android like that can run both *nix and windows os 's . you can try the app windows , linux , unix emulator but i am not sure how far it will be successful .
this is from the point of view of a samsung galaxy s4 . i would look at two things : timezone of phone : system settings &gt; more &gt; date and time &gt; select timezone timezone of calendar : s planner app : settings &gt; lock timezone and settings &gt; select timezone i would make sure both of them are the same . setting them manually instead of auto might be a better configuration .
i suggest if you do not know what you are doing use stock roms : ) so : get a rom from http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ use odin to flash it . i suppose you know how to . if you dont check this article : http://blog.djodjo.org/?p=425
problem is with your phone and not router . your phones software keeps assigning new mac addresses every time you turn your wifi on . if you are using mac address filtering then it will need a static address .
you can not remove it from the stock launcher , it is a permanent fixture . you can , however , install a custom launcher which is based on the stock one like apex launcher or nova launcher . you can also disable the google search app completely if you want to , but then you will not be able to use it at all ( also discussed on google groups ) .
on moto g the stock messaging app is an integral part of the system , and should not be disabled even if you install other sms apps . if you manage to disable it , other 3rd-party sms apps ( like textra sms in your case ) will start crashing again . instead , you can disable the notifications inside the messaging app by going to menu -> settings , and un-checking the " notifications " option :
there is an alternative launcher that purports to give the look-and-feel of windows phone 7 . i can not imagine it is more than " skin-deep " , however . some information ( and a video ) here : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/09/turn-your-android-phone-into-a-windows-phone-7-with-this-metro-ui-launcher/
it looks like this is either specific to the hardware of the camera or even the software the manufacture using on the device . i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and i can pause and resume video recording . my previous device , the htc dream ( adp1/g1 ) could also pause and resume ( from what i can remember ) .
if you have the red led and the device will not charge from the wall , using the original charger , then it is faulty . send it back for a replacement .
beyondpod podcast manager ( free trial , $6.99 unlock ) will play at 1.5 and 2 times speed , however you also need to purchase the presto sound library open beta ( $3.99 ) to enable that particular functionality . works well once you have done that , though .
astro player beta will go up to 2x i think . works pretty well .
today , presto entered open beta . presto provides a background service which allows other applications to play mp3 and ogg vorbis files on your android device at faster or slower speeds and/or faster or slower pitches , so that any application can have variable speed playback , as long as the end user has presto installed . developers must modify their app for presto to be used while playing audio , and i have released open source code to make that almost a drop-in replacement for the android mediaplayer . beyondpod , doggcatcher , and podtrapper have all been working with me in the course of development , so should have a version that can use presto
anennapod recently included support for variable speed playback , either via presto or it is open source implementation , prestissimo .
have you tried doubletwist ? i have been enjoying this music app very much .
there is osplay which claims to have variable speed playback with pitch control but it is $5 and it is still a pretty new app so i have been hesitant to try it .
try audio speed changer . works on existing audio files .
if you will pardon the " non-answer " . . . i wrote taffy to act as a proxy between your android device and the podcast provider . it speeds up the podcast before your podcatcher downloads it . there are several undesirable aspects to this approach ( hosting not the least among them , nor inability to change playback speed during playback ) , but i use it every day to listen to several podcasts on my droid at faster speeds . here 's to it becoming obselete soon . my droid uses beyondpod , pointed to taffy podcast feeds , to automatically download all of my podcasts straight to my handset during pre-dawn hours . i wake every morning ( and have for months -- taffy 's a pain to setup , but it is pretty smooth sailing from there ) to no-hassle , " sped-up " podcasts ready for my commute .
as of today , there is no android application that supports podcast management and variable speed playback .
new app location alert will do this . never forget another task with location alert - now available completely free ! location alert is a cutting-edge application that reminds you to perform tasks based upon your current location , rather than time . often there are tasks to which you cannot specify a certain time , however , would like to be reminded when in a certain vicinity . for instance , you don’t know when exactly you will leave work this evening , but whenever you do , and are crossing the grocery store on your way home , you want to be reminded to pick up milk . location alert to the rescue ! do not know what time you will be crossing the science department , but need to remember to drop off that assignment whenever you do ? do not know what time you will reach office but must remember to hand in that check to accounting ? need a reminder to pick up the dvd you left at sam 's house whenever you are in the vicinity next time ? . . .
if you are already using locale ( which is not free ) , astrid is a free task/todo list manager which can be configured to open a list of tasks with a specific tag . astrid also integrates with remember the milk . you can configure the list to open by various locale conditions , including location . i use it to remind me of maintenance tasks when i am near the hardware store . additionally , remember the milk is a free app which can trigger by location , but it does require a pro subscription to remember the milk 's website .
your " local and private " android calendar is your google calendar . when you have created that personal event it defaulted to your exchange calendar . in order to avoid this is the future make sure that you create events in the calendar you want to . usually it defaults to the last calendar you have created an event in .
android 4.4 kitkat has introduced immersive full screen mode . there is an app in the play store exploiting this feature : immersive full-screen mode . it does not even need root access .
there are several roms with this feature baked into them cm10.1 being one of them but if you like the rom you currently have then i would go with stefan 's answer
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
there is a way to do it but it is way more complicated than borrowing a sim card . the sim card does not even have to be activated ( have service ) . . . just have different mcc/mnc from your carrier . to do it the " hard " way you would need to : find , download , install drivers for qualcomm diag interface find , download , install qxdm find how to switch your phone into the diag mode ( diag interface does not enumerate in normal mode ) find the qxdm command to query the subsidy lock status find how to interpret the result you would get come back and post the detailed solution
there are two ways known to me how this could be achieved : using a launcher which supports this there are several launchers available on google play which let you configure the grid size of your homescreen as well as of your app drawer . one of those is apex launcher , which i use myself . another example is go launcher ex , which i run on another device . i am pretty sure a load of other launchers does this as well . edit : holy whatever . if that is not enough , take a look at lighning launcher . grid size ? what grid ? who needs a grid ? icon size , font size , orientation -- feel free to design your own homescreen ! and now , for the size of the package . sitting ? 200 kb ( still looking for the hook ) , working with android 1.6 and up . truly amazing ! ah , and what comes below : multi-whatever is already included . widgets in folders ? no problem , either . . . well , that bunch of features must need permis . . . what ? only usb-storage ? can not believe . . . i just sent it to one of my devices to take a closer look : ) using " multi-widgets " there are some sort of " widget expanders " out there , which pick 4 ( or more ) widgets and combine them into one " compressed widget " . one example for this group is multicon widget . zoom and then there is zoom , from the dev of tasker ( with which it even integrates ) . according to its description , this also should be an option : unique on any computer : design your own homescreen widgets to do whatever you like ! position , size and overlay elements in the drag-and-drop editor . two views : full-zoom for easier editing , actual-size for previewing .
i would try putting the " standard download " on your device at /sdcard/update.zip and manually flashing it without using rom manager ( reboot into recovery and select it yourself ) . rm does not always play nice with samsung devices .
you cannot execute zip files . you can move/delete/rename a file in /system/ via adb but you must remount /system/ as writable .
actually you can do that by using the run_program syntax in updater-script to execute a shell script that moves/copies/pastes files while in recovery . but of course , you must extract the files that are to be pasted in somewhere ( /tmp for instance ) . part of the updater-script : package_extract_dir("stuff", "/tmp/stuff"); set_perm(0, 0, 0755, "/tmp/stuff/movefiles.sh"); run_program("/tmp/stuff/movefiles.sh");  the sample shell script can be like this ( named movefiles . sh in this case ) : but remember , the eol of updater-script and the shell script must be the same , in unix format , or else it will not work .
the universal search function had to be limited on newer android versions due to one of apple 's lawsuits . thanks to this , the search behaviour had to be modified and can not be restored without rooting the device . for rooted devices the situation is somewhat better since you can replace GoogleQuickSearch.apk with a modified version . you can see the steps on xda . as always with modifications requiring root , use caution . i am not certain if the apk is device-dependant .
try zip code finder .
if it is your known home address or you have just a few you use , you could get a note widget application . you can then single click the note widget and it will copy to your clipboard to paste into wherever you wish . otherwise as you said you will have to use a 3rd party app to first locate yourself . it is more the webservices fault for not binding with your phone and asking for the location , write them a strongly worded letter :- )
install clipper . from google maps , share your current location and choose clipper from the menu . or , if you have copy to clipboard or andmade share pro installed , you can just Copy to Clipboard ( clipper monitors clipboard ) . or , if you have location in mind , you can enter it in clipper manually . whenever you need to paste an address or zip code , just pull down notification to launch clipper . from clipper , tap desired item to copy it to clipboard . now , do not ask how to paste . cheers !
you could try : settings-> sound-> notification ringtone it has a silent option which might be set .
most of the battery saving applications are better termed as " settings managers " , if you already know how to turn things on and off there is not much they can do for you . plus it is another application now running . newer phones also have employed better hardware , better techniques and more power savings into the whole system , improving that before installing these . the newer phones are also going to sleep/standby using less power than they did before , still staying radio connected to the towers . plus the phones have thier own settings for user adjustable power savings , like wifi off when screen off , and data control . larger screens taking more power , plus major cpu sleepy modes , means there are times when a automatic backlight control could save more than ( something like ) turning off bluetooth . again all depending on how you use it . the displayed percentages of a battery and its voltages are not a great indicator of a specific ammount of power used , or capacity left . depending on the method employed to provide the battery level vision to the user . testing for a whole battery cycle even might not determine a small ammount of savings achieved . high power use can drop the voltage seen quick , and other factors that do not represent the actual capacity left , or the moment it will no longer be able to make a call . so in conclusion the usual battery management applications would be more useful for the unaware , and uncontrolled use of a phone , the automation that can save some power , most of it the same control that a user in controll can do manually . the phones themselves being much better at it , than when the origins of this type of application would have shown more differances . you would also have to test for days , not hours , somehow doing everything exactally the same as before , which includes odd things like distance to the tower , which is more power employed to connect to it .
what you did cannot really count as a testcase . how much a battery " drops " depends on many criteria – including the amount of charge left . furthermore , just to check for single hours gives no meaningful results . if you really want to measure how much that ( or any other app ) might save you , you had need to setup a real testcase , at least repeating each step 2 , better more times . this could e.g. incolve : charge the battery to 100% start the app disconnect the charger let the battery run down to at least 20% check how long that took compare with : same procedure , omitting step 2 . now , having done that in standby with display off , you have some results – but still , nothing really useful . what should the app save when nothing runs ? it consumes some battery itself , as it needs to run and check the device 's state from time to time . so i would not wonder if your device was running down faster with the app installed – it rather seems quite logical . so additionally to the order of steps and their starting and end points , you had need to apply the very same usage patterns : leave standby , use the device as you would do normally . or , to have something for more exact results , setup yourself a schedule like " from 9 to 9:30 read news , from 10 to 10:15 watch a youtube video " , etc . then follow the same schedule with and without the app . repeat it , best multiple times , to have average values from both cases . now you have meaningful results you can compare .
have you tried moving the app itself to the sd card ? maybe it is not the photos , but the internal cache that is taking up all your storage . anyway , according to instagram help : the android app may take up more internal memory than other apps on your device because we cache photos , which makes the instagram experience faster for you and conserves bandwidth ( which means you do not have to re-download photos over your carrier 's network ) . note that as of v1.0.3 , you can install the app on your device 's sd card . on android , you can find out how much space instagram takes up on your device by following these steps : exit instagram open the settings application on your device > applications > manage applications > instagram total storage is listed on the instagram screen . if you choose clear data , your download cache will be cleared . clear cache will reset memory for the app . there is not , otherwise , a way to tell instagram to store your photos directly to your sd card .
yes , the phone should behave same as without physical keyboard until you open the physical keyboard which will cause hiding the virtual one .
go launcher will address a couple of the items you mentioned in the comment to your question . the aesthetics are superior , displaying an " iphone style " in which it shows a preview of the icons inside of it . you can also control the behavior of the folder after launching an app , such as whether or not the folder stays open . i believe you can arrange the icons in any order inside the folder - this screenshot seems to indicate that you can .
the only interactions presently supported by app widgets on the home screen are simple click events . so the answer to your question is no , drag and drop is not available with widgets . the reason the native folders can do this is because they are just part of the launcher activity so can be programmed to do more complex things than the widgets can
this seems to usually work for me . adb root you will see a message as Restarting adbd as root unplug the device from usb and connect again and type . adb remount troubleshooting : adb shell confirm that you are root if you see # shell prompt .
what device is this ? afaik , some devices have permanent ( kernel-level i think ) write-protection for the /system mount , so even if you are root , you still can not remount it rw . you have to restart the device without this protection , which is done differently depending on the device .
try using the nokia pc suit to move all the contacts from the phone to the sim card . this works in samsung 's kies .
you will need the nokia pc suite tool but here is the easiest and fastest way . connect nokia to pc using the pc-suite go to contacts - press ctrl+a ( select all ) go to desktop/subfolder - press ctrl+v ( paste ) that will create a . vcf file for each contact from a command prompt run the following command in the folderon your desktop where the files are saved : copy *.vcf contacts.txt open http://google.com/contacts choose " import " link in google contacts .
if your old symbian phone have bluetooth you can go to address book application , select all contacts and send them through bluetooth to your new phone . this will send a vcard file for each contact to your new phone and then you can import this data to your android phone . i think the option to send a given contact via bluetooth to another phone is : select the contact and the details > options > send business card
if you save a backup of your contacts onto your symbian phone 's sd card , it appears as an nbf file . this is a zip file , which contains all your contacts in vcf format -- if you concatenate them all together , you can upload them to google contacts in one go . for more details about how i discovered this , i wrote a blog post at the time .
thought of using tasker ? i use it the other way . when ever i plugin my headphones , all volumes should come down irrespective of what ever value it was before . i use tasker to detect inserting the head phones and used an entry task to being down the volumes . i could not succeed sorting the volume levels before bringing it down so that i can restore them back in an exit task . hence i restore them to a predetermined levels in the exit task .
i do not know of any third-party app or site that does this . i did look around a few months ago and found nothing , but something might have come up since then . however , if the reason you are looking for this feature is because of limited app space , appbrain ( both the app and the website ) has a feature to view only apps with app2sd enabled .
you can right click by using 2 fingers at once . this is the same for microsoft 's rd client app for android as well .
the only things i know of are turning off images , javascript and plugins . you probably do not want to do all that but setting plugins to " on demand " is quite useful -- pages with flash ads and such will not waste your data or battery in addition to demanding less from your phone , and it is just one click to allow a particular object to run if you want to watch an embedded video or something .
i am going to say no . from the article you linked , egnos is primarily designed for airborne use and has limited ground applications . egnos looks to be designed more for commercial applications ( e . g . embedded navigation systems in vehicles , airline , etc . ) , not so much consumer devices nexus one 's gps is provided from the qualcom qsd8250 " snapdragon " chip ( specs ) . the specs for that chip do not mention any waas capabilities . furthermore , there are not any qualcom chips listed on the egnos registered devices list . if i am wrong about the chip , then it should just be a matter of software to enable it . i have not seen anything like that in the android source , but that does not mean it is not hiding there or in some third party bolt-on . what the nexus does use to improve both response time and accurace is a-gps ( assisted gps ) . this basically just means it us using the presence of other location clues ( cellular towers , wifi networks , etc ) to help triangulate a better/faster position . you can see this in action with the google maps application . if you have gps enabled and wifi disabled and open the maps application , it will prompt you to turn on wifi , even if you are not connected to a network . it uses a location database of wifi hotspots to help get a fix on your position , similar to skyhook
there is actually an egnos test application available from the commission . it can be found at : http://www.gsa.europa.eu/go/news/egnos-gets-an-invite-to-your-smartphone . it is not available through the market , but it does work on the htc desire ( so likely on nexus as well )
as the op did not add the solution as an answer himself . . . op found the answer to the issue himself , strange as it might sound : noticed that the device date and time is not correct . corrected it and it worked . on a second thought , this is a very plausible reason , considering the questions hint about except for ssl sites : if the local date is too far in the past , ssl certificates are " not yet valid " -- and if it is too far in the future , they are " no longer valid " . in both cases , establishing a secured connection must fail .
i have not looked at removing geotags yet other than desktop apps already mentioned above , for which i use the geotag security . however , for preventing geotagging in the first place , this is easy seeing as you are rooted . i recently wanted to do this , wrote to samsung support and they told me the ability to do so in the camera app was removed with the last update . whatever . to stop it yourself , install lbe privacy guard . you will then need to go into App Management &gt; System Components and remove camera from the list of trusted system components . it will warn you . . . it is okay . once you have removed it as trusted , go back to the main screen then to Location Access Manager and deny the camera app the right to get your location . this will stop it from geotagging while still leaving your gps on and available for other apps such as maps . i have verified this with my own pictures i have taken . this solution also allows you to hide your location from other apps you may not want to have it ( such as twitter or facebook ) . the same app can also be used to restrict apps ' access to your data connection , your contacts and a myriad of other options . basically it allows you full control over which system permissions any app may use .
i found a camera mod here that allows disable of geotagging and does it by default . it looks like i either need adb or root to install it . edit : the camera mod does not work , as far as disabling geotagging . updated answer : the amazon app store has camera advance lite ( and a non-lite for that matter ) that has the option to turn off geotagging , which is disabled by default . this app geo eraser looks like it will remove prior geotagging info . it appears that using a gingerbread based os will fix the problem as well , based on my conversations with gingerbread users .
maybe i am missing something here , but photos i take when my froyo device 's gps is shut off are not geotagged . furthermore , my default camera app has a " store location " option . when exercising either of these options , my phone does not display the " tracking your location " icon in the notification area while taking photos . it seems like the above options are a trivial solution to part 1 of your question . is your phone missing these options ? do they not do what i think they do ? i am running a motorola droid on stock android 2.2.2 ( frg83g . )
imagemagick has a " strip " command line argument which will remove all exif data ( try it with the convert command . ) . it might be a little excessive , but imagemagick is very very very scriptable . however it will recompress the image . see the answer to this question on stackoverflow . short version : jpegtran or exiftool .
as a solution to #2 , geotag security is a program you could use . it ( should ) run in xp , so you would have to copy your pictures to your computer first , or hook your sd up via usb , but it should do the trick ! here 's the site where i found it , the above is a direct link to their site .
you should be able to get unlocked version , but most likely only from online stores just like handtec ( if admin feel this can be advertising please remove link )
in honeycomb the option is in Settings -&gt; Location and security . in ice cream sandwich it is at Settings -&gt; Personal -&gt; Security -&gt; Encryption . if you are wondering about how android does encryption , take a look at this : http://source.android.com/tech/encryption/android_crypto_implementation.html naturally encrypting and decrypting requires some overhead , but i would not expect it to be too bad . undoing encryption does require a factory reset , so if you are doing it " just to try " you may want to do a backup first . if you are worried about security then i would definitely advise you to use it .
generally speaking , rooting is completely unrelated to unlocking . cdma unlocking is also more difficult than sim unlocking a gsm phone , and cdma phones need to be activated on the network , unlike sticking a sim in an unlocked gsm phone and doing whatever you want . you will need help from both carriers ( verizon to unlock , your carrier to activate ) in order to do this .
the device may have to be unlocked first . rooting will not unlock the device . you will also need information from the network you want to run the device on . like if the device is supported on their network , if they are able to active the device ( they will be able to tell you if they support it if you give them the esn/meid ) and what their mobile carrier code is ( sid/nid/mcc ) . i did find this info that may help once it is unlocked : from here , i will walk you through programming the tablet for ota activation with that carrier . if its the verizon galaxy tab , to get to the programming menu go to the notepad and type **772 to get to the manual programming . the spc code will always be 000000 from here touch down 3 times clear out the directory number with 10 0 's then hit down then clear out the msin with 10 0 's from here touch down here you will change the system id to what is necessary for that carrier . then you will hit left or right and then enter then hit down 4 times and you should see mcc , put the mcc number here then hit down 4 times , and the home sid should match the one you input , then you will change the nid for that carrier as well then you will hit down 64 times , and make sure cdma homesys reg is yes then hit down 6 times to where it says slot cycle index , change this to 1 by hitting touch here and clear it and hit 1 then exit service
is not that a message on your sim card ? you should be able to access sim card messages to see it and/or delete it .
go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All applications (on the top) . locate the " badgeprovider " app and select " clear data " . after that , restart the phone .
since you were able to remove a system app , i assume that your galaxy nexus is rooted . depending which rom you are running , you should be able to download a copy of that rom , extract the " mms . apk " from system/app subfolder within the zip , and then push it via adb to the same location on the phone . ( for stock rom you might also need mms . odex file from same location . ) adb remount adb push C:\path\to\file\Mms.apk /system/app/Mms.apk 
it is usually located in settings > applications > development of course , you could just perform a quick and easy root by installing universal androot as detailed here - http://androidadvices.com/root-unroot-samsung-galaxy-5-i5500-easy-tutorial/2/#.uf3qi1h1pjc
it could be your number being " blacklisted " on your wife 's phone . there are a lot of apps on the playstore offering this feature , and some android versions can do so on their own ( just configure the contact in your contacts list correspondingly ) . so here 's what you could do : check with your sim card placed in some other phone ( if that option exists ; at least here in europe we can move the sim card around ) . your call should be still blocked/routed to voicemail then , so you know the issue is not with your phone ( e . g . dialing some prefix/postfix ) check your wife 's phone for installed apps like advanced call blocker etc . check your wife 's phonebook ( errm , or let her check ; ) for your record there and see whether it is blacklisted . if unsure , just delete it temporarily , then call her again . at least cyanogenmod lets you manage a separate blacklist . with cm , it is found in the call settings . check whether your number made it into this place . if the problem still exists , repeat step 1 . with your wife 's phone ( again , if possible ) my guess is either 2 . , 3 . , or 4 . will reveal the cause .
it depends on where game has downloaded data . if its under &lt;sdcard_root&gt;/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; , the data will be cleared . if its under some custom directory like &lt;sdcard_root&gt;/GameName/ , the data will not be cleared .
android applications are distributed as ' apk ' files . this is basically just a standard ' zip ' file with a different file extension . if you change the extension to ' zip ' you can simply extract the contents of any app . in your particular case the icons will be inside the ' res ' folder in one of the folders that have ' drawable ' in their names . they are standard ' png ' files .
afaik , you can not . but , you can customise when to kill background apps ( not selective app ) by tweaking minfree values set by android ( root is required for tweaking ) . if you have problems dealing with it , there are many apps in play store for that . my fav is autokiller memory optimizer . and , when foreground app and/or kernel runs out of memory , killing background apps can not be prevented . it is because foreground apps and kernel are more important than background apps . probably , you had not be wanting to crash device to preserve your web browser in background . update : another approach is to create/increase swap memory in device . there are apps for this purpose too : swapper ( by dario ) and swapper 2 ( by elviss ) .
it appears to be defined in /init . rc , at least on my device : export path /sbin:/system/sbin:/system/bin:/system/xbin i do not think you can edit this file directly though , even with root access , because it is part of the read-only boot image , not the /system partition . if you want to edit it then i guess you would have to unpack , edit and re-pack the boot image as described here : http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i have not tried this though .
here is the useragent from chrome beta on my transformer prime mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.3 ; en-us ; transformer prime tf201 build/iml74k ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 safari/535.7
mine is : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.2 ; en-us ; galaxy nexus build/icl53f ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 mobile safari/535.7
i use foxfi on the phone , and you have to install pdanet on a tablet ( i am using galaxy s4 with galaxy tab2 ) . works at about 1mbps . no root needed .
following @shadow 's suggestion i have googled a bit more . . . turns out that android > = 4.1.2 prevents you from using tethering if you are served by a virtual operator ( as i am ) . this is a nice post http://albertomilone.com/wordpress/?p=581 explains pretty well the situation and propose a solution based on iptables . edit looks like this problem is solved with android 4.4.2 as stated here
no , it is not possible to block all such sites . that would either require a 100% effective blacklist , which would be impossible to maintain , or a 100% effective detection mechanism , which would basically be an artificial intelligence capable of making human-like judgements . you can get all kinds of parental controls and blockers on the play store , but there will not be anything 100% effective . they may block the most common sites by domain , or block based on keywords ( which will block a lot of legitimate sites as well ) , but none will block ass . what might be more effective would be a whitelist , depending on how the phone is used . a firewall whitelist would limit the phone to only being able to access a predefined list of sites ( eg , youtube , facebook , etc . )
using only your android : kaspersky 's parental control software does exactly as the title says . mind you , it is still in beta , but i did install it and tried it out , and it seems to do it is job of blocking websites as well as applications . by the way , kaspersky 's not the only app out on the store that you can use , but i chose it due to its reputation . it is after all an application that is going to monitor the network traffic and if it is just any other app , it could steal your credit card numbers maybe . who knows . ps : as far as i know , this application cannot be hidden , unless of course you installed a launcher like smart launcher . even then , there is an option for you to show the hidden applications , so it is not going to do much good . if the phone/tablet is accessing the internet through the wifi alone : in this case , you can setup your router settings so that it blocks certain sites etc . it will not be too hard to find the settings ; just enter this url in your browser - 192.168.1.1 - and you should get an interface to login to the router . for more info , i suggest you did a search on google on how to block sites through your router . advanced option i am not very sure about this method but it should work . get a server setup to act as a proxy . setup a program on the machine so that it'll be able to monitor and restrict access to a selected number of websites . route the phone through the proxy server . . . and it should do the job . ps : i welcome comments from anyone who knows if this method is really workable .
if your phone is rooted you could use ad-away to add your custom list of forbidden hosts . it writes the hosts file to put lines like this : website_to_block 127.0.0.1  so a request in your browser to the " website_to_block " will be displayed as " this website is not avalaible "
you can use dropbox and other cloud based storage , very useful for moving files .
i know this does not solve your problem of flashing a modem via odin , but have you had a look at the collection of cwm modems , e.g. here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=47234771postcount=1220nocache=1z=1674485336989164 there is this hint : originally posted by lambstone ok it worked . if anyone else is having issues with the baseband not changing , do this .
finally fixed the issue ( old cwm ) : upgraded cwm from 6.0.3.2 to 6.0.4.4 using rom manager . rebooted to recovery mode wipe data / factory reset wipe cache partition wipe dalvik cache flash cm zip ( two times ) flash gapps reboot phone ( boot animation now showed ; this was just black before ) after the phone booted , ( and the usual wizard ) , i noticed the baseband was no longer unknown , but listed my previously-flashed modem . i rebooted phone into download mode and flashed a different modem ( for my region ) . phone working normally now . : )
well , i think you are talking about the google now notification , right ? if so , you have to change the option on the google now app , not on the calendar app . to do so , you go to Google Now ( tap the search bar on the top of your home page ) then you will see the card that estimates your arrival time to your destination , you can see like three vertical dots , tap there and hit Settings , now you set Transportation Mode to Public Transit . from now on , the card will notify automatically the time you need to arrive by public transportation .
there is a dedicated android app available now for delicious from avos .
install deliciousdroid , it will add an entry in the share menu of your browser where you can bookmark the current page and define tags for it and so on . edit : i tried some different tools ( do not remember wich , sorry ) some time ago and this one was the best in my opinion . also i defined a tag called mobile-home and pointed my browser 's homepage to the list of so-tagged bookmarks .
you can also try droidicious . it works fine for me .
found a few options . the easiest seems to be : quicksettings ( free , works on an unrooted droid , including optimus v , reviewed here . ) . it did reveal the wifi hotspot setting so i could turn it on , but it did not work . after more investigation this seems to be a limitation of virgin mobile ( not allowing tethering ) . k
you can use pdanet to do bluetooth tethering .
clockworkmod tether works for sharing your phone 's connection with a pc , even if your carrier blocks tethering , without root .
according to usb host diagnostics , no . related post : how can i determine if my device has usb host mode ( otg ) support ? what is the difference between usb on-the-go ( otg ) and usb host mode ?
you do not use adb to connect to a device when it is in the bootloader menu : you need to use the fastboot command instead . that is why it is called " fastboot mode " ! not all phones support fastboot: in particular , older htc phones use a proprietary protocol called hboot instead , but i think the newer ones support fastboot .
i figured that out after an hour of searching with different keywords . i would been out of the rooting game for a while , got confused between the two . fastboot in bootloader mode did work . adb does not work in bootloader . thanks for the answer dan , much appreciated .
while trying to explain where to find that "4th tab " , i just see where your problem is : you use the %wifi variable to check for a ) on/off and b ) the connection mode . either it is on/off , or it holds connection info . the first is %wifi , the other %wifii : wifi info %wifii when connected to an access point ( ap ) , shows human-readable data about the ap . when not connected , show details of the most recent wifi scan results for nearby aps . wifi status ( dynamic ) %wifi whether wifi is on or off . note : if wifi is enabling or disabled , in fact anything but enabled , it is classed as off . source : tasker userguide now back to the original explanation about that "4th tab": you see some tabs in both pictures . in the first , " profiles " is selected , in the second " tasks " . in both pictures you see another tab " scenes " . right to that is one more , " variables": but regardless of that : for debugging , you can always to add another item to your task , " notify " , and have it either popup the %wifi ( or whatever variables ) content or add it to your notification bar . this is good for debugging .
that is just the android " operating " system , like windows / linux system . if you go to Settings &gt; Battery , you will see that " android system " , if not the " screen " , eats up most of your battery .
i have no idea how to monitor agps data consumption ; it will probably be counted as Android System itself using up data . but if you do have a-gps enabled , it will use data . from wikipedia : a typical a-gps-enabled receiver will use a data connection ( internet or other ) to contact the assistance server for agps information . if it also has functioning autonomous gps , it may use standalone gps , which is sometimes slower on time to first fix , but does not depend on the network , and therefore can work beyond network range , and without incurring data usage fees . some a-gps devices do not have the option of falling back to standalone or autonomous gps . in Settings &gt; Location &gt; Location mode , you can set it to Device only for gps-only . Battery saving and High accuracy will definitely use data .
ios and android are two different systems . the only way to run android apps on ios would be with an emulator . there exists a project called iphodroid . it has a google code project page and an official homepage . the last update from the homepage is from may 2011 and given the rapid development regarding android and ios i doubt that this is still functional . you can try it , but at your own risk ! i have never tested it .
go to Settings&gt;Voice input and output&gt;Text-to-speech settings and check " driving mode " .
a bit late i know , but i have just been having a similar problem with a samsung galaxy s3 mini . this is how i got rid of it . i tried other ways , but found that if i turned the phone on and off again , the speech would come alive again . this was the only way i could kill it off for good . go to Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Text to Speech and there will be a list of current text to speech providers ( i had 2 , google and samsung ) go to Application Manager -&gt; All find Google Text to Speech and disable it if there is no disable button , you will have to click Uninstall All Updates first , then go back , and the button should now read disable you will want to do the above step for each text to speech option you had in your list . i had 2 , so i did it again for samsung tts . now if you go back to Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Text to Speech there should be nothing left in the list and your home screen will finally be silent . hooray ! i also have driving mode and talkback disabled . i already had them turned off , but they did not help . hope this helps .
you do not need root to access log files . one option is to use the adb tool from the android sdk . but it is a huge download . another option is to use a tool like logshark . ( disclaimer : i created it )
depending on your rom , there might be two settings for screen lock : user turns of screen explicitly ( default : lock immediately ) screen turns off by timeout ( default : lock after 5 seconds if not switched on again by user before that ) you might wish to check with your device . it is usually found in settings&rarr ; display . not that this is not separately configurable on all devices .
use class 10 sd cards . there will be fewer problems .
for some reason , mtp and adb are incompatible . try turning usb debugging off , i have never been able to get it to connect right with it on .
switch to cm10 if you can - you can then adjust notifications on a per-app basis . note though , that for your problem , the only way to prevent " xxx app has been updated " notifications might be to disable the play store from showing notifications , which imho is not a good idea .
see my answer and my comment about replacing a font file Droidsansfallback.ttf . i am sure you can search and find many file sharing sites sharing this file . you can also extract the font file from any of the android device that you may have . after replacing the font file and restarting the phone , chances are pretty high that you might not be able to see the word हिन्दी as you see here , rather you might see it split as ह ि न्द ी without spaces . nothing much you can do if it shows up like this as i my question is all about that : (
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
i doubt that unless your phone would use a proxy located in us . so yes it is posible . . .
this answer is to the same effect : stackexchange-url your pictures , downloads , and any other files you may want to transfer can be uploaded to your computer temporarily and then from your computer to your new phone . alternatively , you could do this last bit a number of ways : bluetooth : bluetooth file transfer ftp : ftp server , ftp client samba : samba server , samba client you get the idea : file transfer apps also , airdroid as mentioned in this answer : stackexchange-url
there are 2 options : root your phone . install the samba filesharing app , or any other samba server for android . install samba on ubuntu , or any other samba client ( there are some on android too ) . this should do : sudo apt-get install samba , or any other equivalent command on another os . you do not need this step on a windows machine . optional : install an app on your pc to make it easier to configure samba on your pc . apt-cache search samba should give you some good results ( or anything equivalent ) . the point is that this android application will let your device show in the " my network places " of win xp , and the " network " of win vista/7 and ubuntu . from there you can browse to smb://ANDROID/ ( or \\ANDROID for win ) in your file manager . make sure you set the workgroup correctly on the android app . and if you face some problems with accessing your phone , try using the ip address instead of the name ( ANDROID by default ) . otherwise , if you are not rooted for example , you could install a file manager app with support for samba shares ( like es file explorer or file expert for example ) , or any other samba client ( like andsmb ) . this way you could access shares on other computers on the network ( but not share your own sd card , you need a samba server on your device for this to work ) .
to notify an android phone that an application have a new version ( without programming all the process ) you have 2 options : 1 . - use the market feature , but for your comments i think this one is out of your list . 2 . - use the notification system available on android 2.2 and 2.3 . to use this push notification service the device needs to be logged on a google account in order to receive the notification , so maybe this isn’t suitable for your process . if no one of this options is what you’re looking for , you will be forced to develop your own push notification system and install that system in every android phone you need update .
you would have to create your own process of having the application notifying the user of updates ( and providing a link to the new apk . you could do this with a background service that pops up a message in the notification bar ) . the user has to install the application from the market to receive updates via the android market .
this sounds like it might be better asked on stackoverflow . the autoupdate is a feature of the market . if users have not installed the app with the market you will have to implement your own update feature . in android 2.2 you could potentially take advantage of the push notification system for updates .
yes with an app called redphone : http://www.appbrain.com/app/redphone-beta/org.thoughtcrime.redphone
options are limited unfortunately . if you want to make calls using your existing phone service with your existing number , then your best option is red phone from whisper systems . of course , your calling partner will need to have the app to for the call to be encrypted . if you do not mind using another service , take a look at ostel , a secure voip provider .
curently there is no such official support and the sdk does not allow third party apps to encrypt calls , but if you use a sip client , the call can be encrypted depending on the sip client`s features .
same happened to me . i just reinstalled the google calendar app and all my entries returned on my samsung calendar . i think you just need to have the app installed to make it all work properly ; i have never actually used the google calendar app which is why i uninstalled it . hope it works for you too .
had the same problem . you have to delete the account that is associated with the calendar , then add it again . if you do not know how to do this- here is the step-by-step process . **make sure all of your phone numbers and contacts are synced first ! ! ** go to > settings then > accounts then click on > google ( or whatever calendar account you are wanting to gain access to again ) then delete /remove the email associated with the calendar . now go back to settings> accounts then click > add new account then input your info and add the account ( make sure the calendar sync option is checked ) then go check your calendar . it should be back up and running . .
dont use a toolkit as the commenter above has said . they will only make you more clueless about the whole process , and it honestly isnt that hard to root a nexus manually anyways . there are basically 3 steps : unlock bootloader install custom recovery flash root binaries through custom recovery . for more elaboration on these steps , read here .
in my phone ( moto g running 4.4.4 ) this symbol appears when the phone is set to use " high accuracy mode " ( i.e. . use the gps rather than wi-fi/phone network for location ) and some app requests the location .
you may drag n drop the icons . a maximum of six is allowed
though @matthew answer is correct that a phone will default to wi-fi when it is available , that does not always ease the mind . something you can do to allay your concern is switch the phone into airplane mode . this will disable the cell signal and hence all data travelling through your carrier . however , it does not disable wi-fi . here 's a link on how to do it on the droid bionic : from the main screen , press your power button ( located on top ) select airplane mode to disable mobile network signal of course , you will not be able to receive any calls , and this might not be what you want , but it will certainly allay your concerns of using data .
go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and uncheck the box that says " data enabled " to disable 3g , 4g etc .
yes . all you have to do is : 1 ) enable airplane mode 2 ) now enable wifi good luck !
your phone will default to wifi when it is available . if you are paranoid you can disable data while using wifi but it is not necessary . i am not sure how to do it on the bionic but you could see if it is in the menu that pops up when you hold the power button for a couple seconds or something like unchecking use packet data in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks .
you could also use a mobile data monitor/manager like onavo count | monitor data . you can block certain applications from using mobile . alternatively , avast ! mobile security has a firewall module that allows for application specific data control .
i was searching this question because i had a linked device contact with a google contact . i do not know how i got it that way . to unlink 1 contact from another open the contact . choose the menu and choose separate contact . from that screen it is not obvious but there is a faded button on the right of each of the contacts that are linked . when you press it , the device will prompt " separate contact " cancel or ok . for me i have a contact that is exchange and google . it was also linked to another google and a device contact . i had to separate the device contact ( another person ) and the google contact ( a different other person ) .
this is not actually a linked contact unless the contact you added it to is from a social network . that is why the unlinking will not work . go to edit the number , select the entire number and copy it , then delete it from the wrong contact , go back , add a new contact , long-press the phone no . field and select paste . or you can use pen and paper too if you prefer .
since i first asked this question , google has released their own japanese input method for android .
swype is a great general use keyboard and has multi-lingual support .
i recommend you check out smart keyboard . they have a japanese add-on for their keyboard . it scales nicely on my asus transformer and i use it to type hiragana all the time for my japanese class . it does katakana as well but i do not know how to write in that yet . the keyboard is setup so that if you type ku on your keyboard it will display く . this means you do not actually see their hiragana characters . it still works great for me .
a second-hand answer - from here - http://forum.koohii.com/viewtopic.php?id=8339 " keyboard-wise , i like the multiling keyboard for my xoom tablet . it is not particularly great as a keyboard , it is just that it scales nicely and fills the screen properly in japanese mode , unlike any other keyboard for the tablet . it is sort of a jack of all trades , master of none keyboard , in that it is adequate for japanese , but it will drive you nuts . ( but simeji on a tablet is an even more horrible experience . ) "
you can use samsung kies for this . you can sync contacts , calendar , and tasks between your microsoft® outlook and your device and vice versa . related question : is there any way to sync my outlook calendar to my samsung galaxy s without kies ?
i would say you are very lucky to have that ui ( user interface ) . i have been waiting to get that version , to no avail . what you have is the holo-fied ui of facebook , which i think was initially available to selected alpha testers of the facebook app . a group would get the holo version , while the rest would get the regular version . this concept is called a/b testing . eventually , if there are no more issues , everybody will that that ui . have you , by any chance , applied as an alpha / beta tester ? holo , as described in wikipedia , is the google recommended theme for the design of android apps , introduced with android version 4.0 . is there a way to change the interface ? no , because the ui is determined by facebook 's servers . if you attempted to download and install ( by sideloading ) a holo-fied version of facebook , and you were not given the rights to have this ui , you would be reverted to the regular ui . this is the reason why holofication nation cannot make a custom holo-fied version of facebook . to date , they have already released a holo-fied ui for grooveshark , steam , and instagram . ( and i think for cnn too ! )
sometimes cables do not conform to standards and mess up the auto-negotiation of power level for the devices attached to them . ( devices can tell the computer / charger how much electricity they require ) . phone can handle the max level of electricity , so soldering the 2nd and 3rd pins together on the cable will demand more power from the computer .
do you use any app killer ? i used to use this kind of software , and sometimes i accidentally killed some system service and then it only charged again after a reboot . i stopped using app killers after that .
i have a charger with a bad cable . it sometimes charges and sometimes it will not . wiggling the cable point seems to help ( do not do that though for risk of damaging your phone . check if its your cable or your phone by charging your phone with a data cable . if that charges your device your original charges is faulty . if this doesnt work either your phone connector is bad and you can either wiggle till it works or get a new phone .
may be possible that when plugging in your charger/usb cables it is not making a connection , i had a problem on an old phone ( nokia n95 ) with this and had to send it off for a new one . also possible that it may be the charger , have you got another you could try ?
thinking error . you have created a link named busybox pgrep , linking to a ( not existing ) other file of the same name . what you probably wanted to achieve is : ln -sf &lt;/path/to/alternative/&gt;busybox &lt;/path/to/linkdir/&gt;pgrep  replace &lt;/path/to/alternative/&gt; with the path to the busybox binary featuring pgrep functionality , and &lt;/path/to/linkdir/&gt; with the path to a directory contained in your $PATH ( best the one where the other symlinks reside ) . busyboxes usually decide their " wanted functionality " by checking where they are called from . so the symlink is simply named pgrep , grep , or whatever , and pointing to the busybox binary .
solution found ! open gallery select my library open up the album that has the photos you want . press the menu key ( the one that is left of the home key ) push the ' select multiples ' then select the photos you want to upload ( the pics selected will have a green box with a white checkmark displayed on it ) . press the menu key again , choose quick upload to upload to facebook or choose share to upload to facebook , email , picasso , print to retail , text messaging , etc . voila , your multiple pics are sent !
it might be possible in some cases ( i know sony has released blobs before for rom devs to use ) , but generally oem 's have agreements with carriers and release only carrier-laden ones . i know you said " without rooting " , but you could technically flash a custom recovery and from there flash a " de-bloated " stock rom from another developer . i know it is probably not really what you mean , but it does technically avoid rooting :p . that is probably going to be your best bet . another , more ad-hoc option would be to freeze carrier apps ( via titanium backup or something similar ) , and/or use alternative launchers like nova or apex to hide them from your app drawer . i do not think you need to be rooted to freeze an app , but i could be wrong . i feel your pain though , had an htc evo 4g back in the day . never have i ever cared less about sprint 's sponsorship of nascar .
good question . while it is technically feasible ( mount /system rw , unpack the zip , install the apks ) , i do not think that it is currently possible . the gapps are usually installed with help of the recovery . for more information see " how can i install the google apps package ( play store , … ) on my android device ? "
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
the battery may be ok . i had this problem and fixed it . 1 ) plug the phone into a charger . 2 ) the pins get loose , so press the battery towards the pins and press the on button . 3 ) once the phone starts to boot up , you can take the pressure off and replace the back onto the phone . whoolahhh !
try using a different battery . samsung phones have user-replaceable batteries , and your current one may be defective .
go to settings in your device=> choose storage => then go into more settings , and check two options over there , that should fix it .
go to settings &lt ; &lt ; storage &lt ; &lt ; choose option at upper right corner &lt ; &lt ; usb computer connection &lt ; &lt ; enable media device option .
for those who are getting problems with adb , you can do this : go to device manager if there is is something called android device at the top or at the second dropdown , uninstall it download the drivers and install
transfer files through usb ( windows and mac os ) you can use a usb cable to transfer music , pictures , and other files from your device to a computer and vice versa . related settings to change your device 's usb connection options , touch settings > device > storage > menu > usb computer connection . windows transfer connect your device to the usb port on your computer . its usb storage is mounted as a drive and appears on your computer screen . copy files back and forth as you would using any other external device . when you finish , eject the device from within windows before unplugging the usb cable . mac os transfer install android file transfer from www.android.com/filetransfer, and follow the instructions there . ( if you are using android file transfer for the first time , double-click it to open it . after the first connection , it opens automatically whenever you connect . ) connect your device to your computer with a usb cable . android file transfer starts , if it’s not already running , and opens a window that displays the contents of your device , along with storage space details at the bottom of the window . work with this window much as you do in the finder window : open and close folders , create new folders , and drag files to or from it and other finder windows . disconnect the usb cable when you finish . by google site : device settings
if you do not want use 3rd party apps : this requires decent computer skills and a rooted phone , but here are the steps for android 2.3 gingerbread . copy /system/home . apk from your phone to pc . decompile home . apk using apktool . goto [ decompiled folder ] /res/values/integer . xml change &lt;integer name="number_of_desktop_panes"&gt;5&lt;/integer&gt; , to 7 or whatever you want . save it , and compile the apk using apktool . copy it back to phone i.e. to /system , change its permissions to -rw-r-r .
home screen has seven panels that you can customize . you can not change the number of home screen panels . the quoted part simply means that there are seven panels that can be customized to your liking e . g : add shortcuts , widgets . if you want to decrease that simply switch to a 3rd party launcher like go launcher ex .
when you are on home screen , press the menu button , then edit submenu and you will have all the panels displayed . a long press on one of it will select a panel , then you will be able to move it into the trash . you will be able to reduce the number of panels but no way to have more than 7 panels on a sgs2 .
here is a segment from the description of samsung link : * allshare play is now samsung link . continue to log-in with your samsung account to access your pictures , videos , and documents previously stored on allshare play . access and play content across smart devices , anytime anywhere samsung link enables users to access and play content saved on other devices over a wireless access point as well as over the internet . this gives me the impression that the item you are sharing is an allshare item , possibly shared by you long ago , without your remembering it . it may even have been shared to you by a different allshare user , and belongs to that account . ( this is just a guess ) to attach it , it would make sense that you have to log in as the accountholder that owns it .
canvas 4 doesnot have dlna or wifi direct . micromax is working on kitkat update for canvas it it is expected to be release between april-june 2014 . as a workaround for wifi direct you can use fast file transfer source : my friend have this phone
the official android version will be updated when the manufacturer decides . if you are rooted you can try cm11 here , but be careful . if you want to use wifi direct try this app
most likely , the device is still hanging out to the old network configuration and needs to be adjusted or cleared . there are a couple of methods that can be used to accomplish this . lets start from the simplest : reset the device wi-fi connection . simple wi-fi connection reset , by turning off wireless and then turning it back on : tap the menu button on your device ; tap " settings" ; tap " wireless and network" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; in the new screen , uncheck wi-fi to turn it off ; after wi-fi is turned off , tap the entry again to turn it back on . test your connection to confirm if this worked . if not , continue to the next options . forget about the network you can have your device forget the network and then re-add it , but for this to be possible , it needs to get out of range of the network , then : from the previous location , long press the network you want to forget ; tap over " forget network" ; get back within range , wait for the network to show up ; enter the network password to join . at this point your device should have a new address and be working . advanced wi-fi settings at this point is clear that you need to confirm all settings for your wi-fi connection : tap the menu button on your device ; tap " settings" ; tap " wireless and network" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap the menu button again ; tap " advanced" ; from here you can confirm all the settings one by one and make sure they match your network requirements : use static ip address , network gateway , netmask , dns1 and dns2 .
turns out it was a problem with the dns servers my dhcp was serving up . the first two were local dns servers . i do not know why they were not working for android ( they worked fine for the laptop computers ) , but as soon as i replaced the second local dns server with a remote dns server , things started working . it also appears that android only pays attention to the first two servers given by dhcp since i had other servers listed after my local server . it seems kind of fishy that only the android phones had problems with the local dns server . i would not mind finding out what the underlying problem is , but changing the dns servers is an acceptable workaround .
this ( at least the ussd messages ) are operator related , and can only be disabled by your operator .
android shuts down your os before it actually becomes completely flat , in order to ensure it has enough power to do so safely and completely ( which is why you can power it back up again , but then it shuts itself off again ) . over time , your battery does need to be recalibrated as the system stats on battery usage get wonky and the battery itself will not store as much of a charge as it could . for most phones , the proper procedure is : let the phone run until it shuts itself off . without turning the phone on , plug it in and let it fully charge up . unplug , turn the phone on and let it run flat again . battery and battery stats are now recalibrated . deleting batterystats . bin is not generally necessary . you should find your battery lasting much longer now ( i know this works well on my samsung sk4g - i go from not being able to last the day to being able to last a full day and night ) if memory serves , one is supposed to recalibrate one 's battery like this every 30-90 days .
recalibrating your battery will not actually make it last longer . what it might do is ensure that the battery level display is more accurate , so that when it says it is at zero , it is actually at zero . personally , i used an app like battery calibration ( requires root ) and it seems to help . to be fair though , i have not actually tested the actual levels myself , so it is a qualitative judgement . if you are having battery life issues it is more likely that you apps running ( background or otherwise ) that are draining your battery . either go to settings > battery and check out which apps are draining your battery the most - typically it will be your screen , then cell/wifi radios . sadly , the only true " reset " is to go out and buy yourself a new battery . sorry !
go to settings > Apps > click on the app that is being used as your default messaging medium ( google voice in your case ) > press Clear defaults .
the solution lies in your first sentence . you are using an htc headphone . music controls are not standardized so every manufacturer implements them differently . as if this would not be enough , different models have different implementations too . the only headphone that is guaranteed to work is the one that came with your device . apple on the other hand has a certification program to make sure that 3rd party accessories will work with idevices .
in case someone finds this thread : use bridge mode , you will get an ip adress from your lan . edit by izzy : to do so : in virtualbox manager , select your vm and click the " gear icon " ( change settings ) select the networking tab in the first drop-down box , select " bridge mode "
did you check with netcfg within android that both are really up ? if , e.g. , eth1 is down , enable it with netcfg eth1 dhcp up .
i am using the very same setup with nat mode . to connect via adb : in virtualbox manager , right-click on your vm and select " show log " press ctrl - f to initialize a search , type " dhcp " . you will find several lines stating something like NAT: DHCP offered IP address 10.0.2.15 – that is your ip , write it down ; ) select the " gear icon " in the same context menu to " change settings " go to the " network " tab , and click the " port forwarding " button add two rules to forward ports 5555 ( adb ) and 5554 ( console ) from the guest to your host machine . to make an easy rule for potential multiple android-vms , you can simply add a digit to the end – e.g. 5555→55551 and 5554→55541 for this machine ( add a "2" for your second , if any ) . now on your host machine , execute the command adb connect localhost:55551 done . execute any adb commands as usual . you can use adb disconnect localhost:55551 if it gets in the way ( e . g . if you are using some other device , and do not want to always specify which one to use with each adb command ) .
after switching to android 2.2 , it works better . when the icon appears , just click to continue , and after a few times it is done .
this happened to my wife 's phone too , but i do not remember exactly how she fixed it . i think what she did was disable contact sync , then go to gmail on the web and delete all the contacts from there , then re-enable contact sync on her phone .
your phone is linked to your gmail account ? if you log into your account in a web browser and click on " contacts " in the lower left , does it still show your deleted contacts there ? if you can fix up the list there , it should ( ? ) sync to your phone .
my phone is rooted . first i made sure all of my data was correct at www.google.com/contacts . then exported the data ( . csv file ) from google’s web site to my home computer for safe storage . i used the app titanium backup to “wipe data” for the apps contacts 4.0.3 and contacts storage 4.0.3 . next , waited ( approx 1 min ) for my phone to re-sync with google and all of the contacts were restored . finally , i went back into titanium backup and preformed a full back up for apps contacts 4.0.3 and contacts storage 4.0.3 .
internal memory space is required to store app data and cache , it does not matter much if you move your apps to sdcard app data and cache still gonna be in internal memory . this problem can be solved by rooting . if not willing then try some apps playstore which delete cache and auto move apps to sdcard
adb push will copy any file to the phone , whereas adb install will only accept an apk file , and will install it onto the device .
more specifically adb push [file] [path]  will take [ file ] from the pc and copy it to [ path ] on the android device . adb install [apkfile]  will copy [ apkfile ] from the pc into /data/app/ on the android device . the main difference being that push will let you specify where you want the file to go on the device , and install puts it in a known location ( the location " installed " apps exist in ) .
the pc architecture is built around commodity parts because it started out as clones of a specific product , the ibm pc , that were specifically designed to be compatible with it , and therefore with each other . generally speaking , you could take a program or peripheral device from one pc-compatible and put it into another , and expect it to work . that ability is useful enough that people have continued to demand it even as the technology evolved . you can put a pci express card in any modern pc just like you could put an isa card in any pc clone back then . smartphones have no such history . they are designed as monolithic products , a complete system consisting of hardware and software that " just works " as-is . there is no expectation that people will take parts out of one phone and put them into another , so engineers do not have to take interoperability into account when they design their products . even within the linux kernel source tree , there is a lot of fragmentation in the drivers for arm platforms . since phones are usually designed behind closed doors , engineering teams at different companies often end up doing duplicate work , designing basically the same hardware as their competitors and then writing their own drivers for their own design . once they are done and the product is released , they go straight to working on the next one ; it is not worth their time to go back and refactor the drivers for past products or merge them with competitors ' drivers . the result is a plethora of one-off drivers for devices that are similar but not quite the same . in addition , smartphones are usually based on socs that have specialized hardware integrated together with the processor . for some of this , it can be more than a matter of whether to load or not load a certain driver ; the kernel as a whole may need to be built with special configuration options for running on one soc , which are incompatible with the special options needed to run on another soc .
phones and other embedded do not have a bios to provide abstraction between the hardware and os as a result the os is compiled for the hardware it is deployed to . even devices using the same chip set can can be configured in different ways ( using alternate comms buses etc . ) \the result is that the kernel has to be compiled accordingly . as there is no expectation of changes in hardware there is no hardware detection performed . kernel boots faster and is smaller as a result - this is a standard principle of an embedded os
the reason is because android 's linux kernel are generally not compiled on android itself , instead it had to be cross compiled from another computer . this causes various issues , because the device configuration are not available on compile time , and it is not feasible to compile a generic kernel with all drivers due to space limitation ( whereas most desktop distros simply had all drivers compiled into modules loaded from an initramfs ) . therefore developers had to figure out which drivers to package for each particular device . not only that , each drivers generally have a dozen or so of compile time options to toggle various driver features , and manufacturers usually do not release their official configuration ( the worst offenders do not even open source their drivers , or did not keep upstream 's copy of the drivers up to date ) . because manufacturer 's do not release their configurations , often the slightly different configuration that the developer uses will expose subtle bugs that does not exist with manufacturer 's configuration . driver programming is much more difficult than application programming , as there is no kernel that shield you from the fickle hardware that have a specific real-time timing requirements and the such , and this means even having a different performance characteristic may cause the driver to miss some hard real time events from the hardware ; these misses may surface as either bugs or performance issues . another issue is binary incompatibility . there are two cause of binary incompatibility , first is cpu type , which has been covered by t0mm13b well , but the other issue which is more relevant to porting is the abi incompatibility ( application binary interface ) . if manufacturers do not open source their drivers , then developers had to use the compiled module from a stock rom . this raises various abi incompatibility issues , since the driver modules itself have specific expectations about , for example , struct layout and function calling parameters , and when the kernel is compiled , it does not have the header file to describe the abi at the time the driver is compiled , so developers had to reverse engineer the driver to create a header file or the header files in the source tree might have been modified heavily since the driver is compiled and developers had to revert those modifications to make the kernel compatible again with the driver 's abi . unlike compiling from source , compiling for binary driver will not trigger compilation error due to function parameter mismatch or struct incompatibility , it will simply just crash your device while it is running , and debugging these issues are very difficult . in the pc world , we are familiar with the mess that nvidia and ati left us , due to their insistence on releasing binary only drivers , imagine having that mess for all drivers , imagine the " fun " it creates . pc hardware are also generally better standardized than mobile hardware , most pcs do not need drivers for vibrators , accelerometer , gyroscope , 3g radio , proximity sensor , nfc , etc . even on devices that have 3g , it usually connects to the hardware using standardized connections like pcmcia or pci-e .
kernels vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . a lot of those kernels come from the pure stock kernel line of sources found on caf , what these manufacturers do is take those stock sources , modify them to suit based on the board/chipset used , also , implement their own drivers . take a good look around you , there is variations of touchscreens , variations of wifi chipsets , not to mention , accelerometer , sensors , batteries , compass , sound , graphics . taking one kernel source from for example htc will not work on a samsung , and vice versa . the manufacturers are free to cherry-pick or out-source various bits that get incorporated into the circuit board . there is no hard or fast rules involved . hence the lot of hacking/modifications to get the kernel to work properly . you must not ever , compare to desktop linux distribution kernels in which it has pci , pci-express , sata , vga , svga , usb , ethernet as they are a totally different ball-park game . the major differences with centos and with android 's linux kernel is this - all drivers are compiled either as modules or built-in , hence any linux distribution will simply " work out of the box " . again , with desktop linux distributions - you have one architecture - x86 hence one linux kernel from say a dell pc , can work out of the box on a lenovo provided that the bog-standard drivers are compiled . do not forget , in the android world , there is variations of the kernel built for specific arm chipsets , such as armv6 , armv7 , there is tegra , there is exynos , and they are binary incompatible with one another . hence if a kernel is compiled for tegra , forget it , it will not work on armv7 ! the reason some kernels on android appear to be " broken " is down to the manufacturer . some ( zte is one very good example ) release a butchered source that may compile from source but fails to boot due to a missing driver that is not covered by the gplv2 or gplv3 licence . that is the problem , hence some hackers have to go scouring around github looking for some clues ; some manufacturers , if not all , do comply . the current incarnation of zte 's source is purportedly to be 2.6.35.7 , but in reality its actually 2.6.32.9 source base with a lot of modifications thus does not represent the true kernel source for 2.6.35.7 ! this is where the manufacturers have to release their respective sources , not just out of being compliant with gplv2 or later , but rather , for the community to be able to mod it , such as adding overclocking capabilities . hence there is hacking involved behind the scenes and a lot of messing about with drivers trying to get it to work , and its not easy to debug either . . some drivers may be cross-licensed , but cannot be distributed depending on the clause and conditions as negotiated . thankfully , that is all changed now with kernel 3 . x.x. line of sources , as android drivers are now integrated into the mainstream sources . but there is a gotcha ! try porting a 3 . x.x. kernel to an existing handset that is about 12-18 months old ; not a snowball 's chance in hell would it work , that is because , of the differing factors , the 3 . x . x sources is vastly different to the 2.6 . x source and would take a lot of hacking to get it working - i should know , have tried porting 2.6.38.6 source for the zte blade and failed . likewise , the latest kernel release 3.0.1 - when working on the ics4blade project over on modaco , have made numerous attempts to port it but that is down to the simple fact that zte made a very bad mess of the source which rendered porting nigh on impossible .
well . . . . drivers and the kernel are not exactly the same . drivers are what control the cell antenna , wifi , bluetooth , etc . these are proprietary drivers because the manufacturer has to create a way ( the drivers ) to talk to their hardware . the kernel is an intermediary level between the os/application and the actual drivers ( or cpu or memory or any other hardware ) . it is what allows your os/apps to interface with these hardware components . all of the millions of kernels you see are really not that much different from each other . typically a programmer/modder will take the existing kernel and " tweak " it to try and get a difference performance out of it . you can essentially say that they are only adjusting ( for the most part ) the " configuration " of the kernel . in the android world , these modders are primarily looking at : over or underclocking the cpu clock ( important for either saving battery life or trying to run most process intensive applications such as video game emulators or video playback ) , or they are looking at under-volting ( to save battery life by running your cpu outside of its original set parameters . . . which varies in effect person to person because no two cpus are made 100% exactly the same ) .
googles backup-api uses the directory /data/backup to queue outstanding backups ( which are not yet transferred ) . so if your device is rooted , you could investigate this directory for any files contained , and probably remove them if they cause trouble ( i am not sure if/how it then will be handled to figure out which backups it has to repeat , though -- so it is your own risk ) . but from your logcat i would say backupmanager already cleared that directory ( the second black line reads clearing pending backups , followed by beginning backup of 3 targets ) -- so i rather assume there is some faulty implementation with one of those 3 apps . i am not a developer , though , so i cannot say . you can check your history of installed apps ( the app appmonster imho offers to see the installation date ; i am not sure where to find this information with stock apps ) to see , which ones you installed last , and " roll back " until the problem disappers ( or you left the " probable time frame" ) . edit : do you have some more lines of that logcat ? it stops just when it is becoming interesting . i would follow those lines belonging to pid 181 here , so you probably can figure out which app is causing the problem . fifth line from the bottom up e.g. shows a wallpaper being backed up , along with the wallpaper 's api call ( android.app.backup.WallpaperBackupHelper -- i guess that is rather some android internal to backup wallpaper settings , but again : i am not a developer , i can only make guesses ) . there might be more lines like this , giving clues .
while is there an app for x questions are off-topic here , just a little hint : you might wish to take a look at procapture and a better camera , which both support the volume rocker for either shutter or zoom ( configurable ) . i am pretty sure they are not the only ones .
all memory caches are safe to be cleared , as they need to be designed as such since android will clear them when memory get 's tight . caches stored to disc will include things saved . however , most applications either save to file or utilise an sqlite database . these can be backed up with a file manager e.g. es explorer and an sqlite manager e.g. the one with the white db logo on a red background . clearing the cache will not corrupt the program itself . you will only lose saved data , such as the examples you mentioned ; saved levels , hall of fame entries , badges , etc . ps . @psycogeek : psycho is spelled with an h ; - )
any cache can be cleared . clearing the cache will not remove app settings . read more from this closed question in stackoverflow ( should be migrated here ) : what is the difference between clear cache and clear data in android settings
i have found a way that may help you . i used this to grant root access to tasker . if you use the terminal emulator to grant read but not write access to a folder using su chmod 775 /location/of/folder/ then your text editor will be able to read that directory and so if you can then try to save a file in the folder then it will try to request root permission . it may also just give a write error .
well there is a way out , though its bit lengthy . first of all you need to have the source code of the app you need to install . then locate the main java file ( which you can find in the " package" ) . just add the following code process p = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su" ) ; and you are done : )
no . you should request the app developer to do so . on unix like systems , permissions are managed with something called uids . every process has one and it dictates what they can access . moreover , there are also groups that have permission that their members can use . when an app has permissions like Write to SD card they are put into a group that has this permission . the root permissions are an exception since they are not declared in the app 's manifest , but rather in its code . root is also not a group but a separate uid ( as it is a separate user ) so it is not that easy for an app to use it . apps that have root rights need to be explicitly written to do so . the way this works is every time an app wants to do something as root , it has to request the su binary to do it instead . su will then ask the app that manages these permissions ( e . g . , supersu ) whether the app is allowed to gain root access . if it is not , it'll prompt you to allow or deny it . then the action is carried out as root , not as the app user . these actions are not an integral part of the app but rather an external executable . while theoretically it is possible to add this to an app , this would be a non-trivial process requiring knowledge of writing smali code , which is the internal format of the dalvik virtual machine ( the part of the system that runs the apk file ) called smali . and even then , there would be a huge security risk if the app allows other apps to access it : it would not know how to keep the privileged root access separate from its normal access . so in reality this is not really feasible .
i use the internet download manager . you open the pdf in new tab and then copy your url and then click add url at internet download manager , paste to your url .
attachment2sd will do the trick . after you install it when you click on the pdf attachment in the gmail app it'll pop-up the " complete action using . . . " dialog . choose attachment2sd and it'll download to a directory on your sd card , where you can immediately open it or save it for later . this works with all kinds of files , not just pdf .
do not use the gmail app , instead use your browser , go to gmail.com, mobile or desktop view does not matter , open the mail you want to download the pdf from click on the pdf icon and it will be downloaded automatically . about doing so with the gmail app specifically , i have no idea , and that was how i dodge the pdf problem .
google 's usb drivers are for the google reference devices ( nexus series ) only . you will need to install archos ' drivers . they can be found on archos ' support page with instructions on how to install them and get adb working . install the drivers add the vendor id 0x0e79 to your adb_usb . ini , e.g. echo 0x0e79 &gt;&gt; "%USERPROFILE%\.android\adb_usb.ini" done ! edit : the driver 's from the support page did not work , but these did . they came from an unreliable source and had other drivers from 2005 with them , but i stripped them and repacked . feel free to verify with virus scanners .
after restarting the tablet the app is now working properly . no idea - could be android was not able to free enough ram or some such . . .
it is the issue with the micro usb on the phone . best you get it checked at a authorized service center . for a temporary fix : take a sharp pin and put it under the micro usb port and twist the usb port towards the screen . that should be a quick fix .
clean lint out of usb port with a safety pin , be careful with connector inside . . . lint from pocket is issue
this may be expected , depending on what phone you are using . the original standard of sd card readers had a 2gb limit on them . these readers could read cards that had more space , but only had enough memory registers to read the first 2gb of them . sometimes a firmware update can increase this from 2gb to 4gb , but it is extremely rare . from the wikipedia article on the sd standard : capacity sdsc ( sd ) : 1 mb to 2 gb , some 4 gb available . sdhc : > 2 gbs to 32 gb sdxc : > 32 gb to 2 tb , some 32 gb available .
if you are talking about audio here ( e . g . having notifications , alarms , etc . sent to your ( bluetooth ) headset ) , you might wish to take a look at soundabout : soundabout settings screens ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) this app allows you to define which audio signal is routed where ( even on certain conditions ) . i am not sure how far the free version goes concerning bluetooth , as the app description says bluetooth behavior - ( pro version ) . to my understanding , those " behavior settings " only include specifics like " force to mono " , but i do not use the app myself , and thus cannot tell for sure .
replace your lockscreen with widgetlocket lockscreen . add hotspot toggle widget on widgetlocker lockscreen . you can find many such toggle widgets in play store . personally , i use widgetsoid ( it has lots of toggles ) . hotspot toggle is great if you are interested in only hotspot toggle . technically , i am the winner because its a 1-step solution . all you need is to tap the hotspot toggle widget on lockscreen . you do not need to even unlock . : )
this is one of the many things you can toggle with widgetsoid . you can either put a widget on one of your home screens or place the toggle in your notification tray .
do not bother with these 3rd party apps . go to " widgets " in your app drawer . long-press the " settings " icon and drag it to your main home screen and the shortcut settings menu for all your settings automatically appears .
there is an app on the android market called " tethering " , which requires no permissions to run , which provides a shortcut to the " tethering and portable hotspot " configuration screen . you can put this app on your home screen and that reduces your steps to : 1 ) unlock 2 ) tap the tethering icon on your home screen 3 ) slide portable hotspot on link i use it daily .
i can only recommend cyanogenmod , or , if you want to keep your rom : hotspot widget . cyanogenmod allows you to create a hotspot quick setting tile . the widget is placed on your home screen and if you want to enable/disable the hotspot tap it .
this is due to a lack of font support on the device . on my nexus 7 i see this :
there is not a non-fullscreen layout for youtube for 7in tablets , only for 10in tablets . there is no button there because there is nothing to switch to . the developers evidently think there is not enough room to see the video and display other information usefully at the same time . you are right about the volume control . because android already has separate volume settings for media , notifications , and the phone ringer , and it guarantees the presence of hardware volume controls , it is considered bad design to put additional volume controls on the screen .
no . unlocking your bootloader allows you to flash unsigned images to your device , but it does not ( in and of itself ) give you root permissions which you need to remove bloatware . however , having the ability to flash unsigned images makes it very easy to gain root via a custom recovery , so unlocking your bootloader can often greatly simplify the process . if you need instructions for getting root , there is a fairly exhaustive guide here .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
go to your phone 's settings . go to Sound . tick off the Vibrate ( vibration feedback for calls and notifications ) option .
that is not an airpush ad . also , these kind of ads are forbidden by the google playstore tos . always pointing to the same app suggests another app from the same developer placing it , not an ad module . i would first check which apps are running when this happens ( settings→apps , select the corresponding tab ) . see if there are " non-essential " apps listed which you can live without . note them down . second , check permissions of the apps installed . there are some permission checker apps available which make things easier for you . fot this specific case , permission explorer seems to be a good candidate : permission explorer : list of permissions , apps using a certain permission ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as the screenshots show , this app allows you to browse your installed apps by permission . your screenshot looks like a system alert window , so the offending app most likely has the system_alert_window permission . check for apps having this permission . note them down . in a third step , compare your notes : apps that were running when the message appeared , apps using the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission . if you find a match , you most likely found your offender . uninstall it , and see whether your issue is gone then . if this has solved your issue , do not forget the following to help others : check if that app is still on google play , and if the version there matches the version you have installed . if so , first report that app to google , as it violates the tos , and put a comment warning others . google should react by removing the app from the store .
alarm master has a widget that shows the next alarm , but i think you need to set alarms from within that app , not the default alarm / clock app . there is also upcomings , which has a similar widget for showing the next event .
for the next calendar event the desire ( and all htc i think ) do not need a 3rd party app . the htc calendar widget which comes with the phone has 3 different view modes , the third does exactly that . unfortunately it works only with calendar events and not alarms . . .
i use a widget called " digital clock widget " , free from the market . it is a simple clock/date widget , which can be configured to also show the day and time of the next alarm .
the problem disappeared when a newer cyanogenmod build was flashed . ( the problem was present on a stable slimkat rom as well . )
download es file explorer ( the best file explorer no sought ) and share the pictures folder on your pc . in es file explorer you just enter man , find your computer and transfer any files you want
i found two possible solutions . 1st just search or program an application that sends the pictures and next deletes them . no idea if any exist . 2nd just install and configure an ftp server using filezilla ftp server and get an ftp client for android and just cut and paste the pictures to the ftp and you are done . .
i do not know about windows , but on ubuntu linux this is easily scripted using the photo management app digikam . digikam can be configured to recognize the device and automatically download the pictures . you just plug in the phone and it starts automatically , no need to do anything with the computer or the phone .
switch on the internet on your mobile and connect the laptop by wifi tethering on your mobile . now the laptop connected to your mobile by internet , now use airdroid android mobile application to transfer the files from your mobile to laptop .
if you device is samsung then through kies you can easily transfer data through wi-fi . if not then as you said in drive you could first upload them in cloud later download on laptop . as far as your concern for photos staying in the phone you can wipe all your data by a simple format
simple use " es file explorer " to cut and paste any files from your phone to a network folder . . .
on mswindows 7 , when i connect any usb device including my phone it asks me if i want to import the pictures . there is an option to delete them also on the usb device . it does it also for my galaxy tab . but i never let windows delete automatically , because i suspect it would take all images , not only camera images .
per your last comment , you seek runkeeper pro ( appbrain link ) also check out runkeeper . com . i highly recommend it although i am most likely underestimating it since i just use it for running . it keeps track of your route , time , distance , elevation , calorie burn , etc . your hiking , jogging and snowshoeing tours will each be saved to your ( shareable ) activity list on runkeeper.com. runkeeper uses gps to track your fitness activities , including distance , time , pace , calories , heart rate , and path traveled on a map . pro version also provides audio cues , customized interval workouts , manual entry for treadmill and other cardio equipment , integrated runkeeper fitnessclasses and no advertising . edit : after re-reading the question , i wanted to add that once you have a track saved using runkeeper , you can export it as a gpx or a google earth file . mytourbook 's site says that you can import a gpx although " not all features are currently supported . "
you can save imported tours in mytourbook ( they are kept in an sql database ) so that you do not have to reimport them again and again .
i use endomondo for sports tracking ( mountain biking mostly ) . it came out the best from my tests some time ago . it has quite friendly app , nice website and shows track history nicely . beside it i tested sports tracker , runtastic and runkeeper - i evaluated gps tracking accuracy and website user interface friendliness and my priority was to be able to post links to facebook easily and at that time only endomondo could do that . sports tracker and runtastic ( and maybee runtastic too - can not remember any more ) seemed to have quite some gps " noise " in the tracks - when going straight these showed very much a zig-zag path and bumps in elevation - endomondo seemed to " smooth out " both a bit which might give you a little worse accuracy for the tracking itself when you run a difficult path with a lot of curves , but the overall tracking performance seemed better to me . some of the nice endomondo track data include ( my favourites in bold ) : distance , duration , average speed , max . speed , calories ( energy burned ) , hydration ( how much should you drink ) , min . and max . altitude , total ascent ( altitude ) , total descent ( altitude ) , weather . as for managing the tracks alone only ( without tracking ) , i think the garmin connect could be a good choice , since it has a nice website interface and can correct the elevation/altitude data from its real-world database . but you have to upload tracks manually since garmin has no android device .
you might want to try with hacker 's keyboard . they offer " compose key " functionality , which can be used for non-breaking space and more : hacker 's keyboard ( click image for larger variant ) see the " circle key " to the right of the space bar ? if you long-press it , according to the faq , this activates " compose key mode " . they seem to follow the " standard rules " here , so "2x space " should give you a non-breaking space . a list of supported compose sequences can be found in the code .
may be you can use another home screen called " launcher pro " free version . in the setting there is an option to hide the system bar . you can try it out if you like the home screen . though i like it better than stock home screen .
use adb to push them to /system/lib/modules , then reboot . android should load them at boot as long as they are in that directory , i believe . shell&gt; adb push module.ko /system/lib/modules/ shell&gt; adb reboot  if you get a " read-only filesystem " error then remount /system as read/write first , then push them . usually you can do this with adb remount . you could probably also put them onto an sd card and then use a file manager to copy them over if you want . you can also use insmod to manually load a module into the kernel at runtime , but it would not be reloaded if you reboot . this would allow you to skip the initial reboot , though , since you should be able to insmod all of the modules after you push them onto the device .
i have a suggestion that might help you . i have huawei ideos u8150 and i use messages whenever i want to record any audio . go to ' message ' then ' create new message ' . select the menu button then select ' attach ' select record audio and the sound recorder is launched . after recording you can discard the message since the recorded audio has been stored on your sd card
this is not what you asked for , but it might solve your problem . if you just want to be able to make short audio recordings from your phone , you can use the “note to self” functionality of voice search . trigger voice search , say “note to self” ( on my phone it also appears by default in the text search results list before you type anything , but i think that might be new in gingerbread ) and then anything . a dialog will appear with a transcription of the recording , and options for sending an e-mail . if you just send it , you will recieve in your gmail a message containing the transcription and the original audio .
cyanogenmod 6 ( which is froyo ) has this available , so my guess is that your phone manufacturer or carrier has hidden it . post more details about those two things .
you could try launching it from the command line using the am command . either from a terminal emulator or from an adb shell you can try : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.soundrecorder/com.android.soundrecorder.SoundRecorder  this works on my evo and on my xoom , and it is probably important to note that my xoom does not display the sound recorder application in my app drawer ( similar to your device ) . also , some custom launchers let you define shortcuts to either an activity or an intent . in adw launcher , for example , you can choose to set a shortcut to the sound recorder activity by long pressing your home screen and going to Custom Shortcut-&gt;Pick your activity and then finding it in the list ( it lists every activity on the device ) .
you can search your contacts easily by " typing letters " . the dialer instantly interprets the input phone number also as text input ( just like t9 does ) and shows contacts that match below the actual number . for example if you want to dial smith you should dial 76484 . no need to press 4 three times to get " i " .
i would assume it is because there are still phone numbers that are distributed with convenience letters ( e . g . " phonewords" ) in them , and there are probably still automated call answering programs that use them . the letters on the numpad far predate t9 . for the us specifically , wikipedia also has an article that explains the history of telephone numbers and the various ways that letters have been used over time ( it was different in other countries , but i can not find a detailed article for that at the moment ) .
" fast boot " is basically analogous to the hibernate or possibly s3 ( str ) sleep functionality on regular pcs ( htc is not very clear on what precisely it does , but analysis of its claims and action suggests it is one of these ) . rather than fully shutting down and restarting , the os resumes where it was after a shutdown , allowing the system to get from " off " to " ready to use " much faster . as mentioned , some apps do not play nice with this , such as the case is in this so question . unless you are regularly needing to shut off your phone for some reason and want it to start back up faster , i would personally just leave it off to avoid the potential for weird issues .
flashing cwm recovery directly from your micromax funbook . this method is for those who do not want to use a computer to flash cwm recovery or do not have access to a computer to do the same . give me credits only for the method . not for the app and the recovery image . things required:- data connection on your tablet . ( via wifi ) an archieve supported file manager . eg es file explorer . a usable and working mind . steps:- download the file from the link below . extract the file to the root of your " internal sd card " and you will get 2 file first " novotools_v1.0" and the second " recovery . img " . install the app novotools_v1.0 . run novotools and you will see and option flash recovery click it and the recovey will be flashed onto your phone . reboot in recovery with the help of the application or the old method by holding the home/options and the power button . now you have fully functional cwm recovery . download quote : quote : http://www.mediafire.com/?6wn2dow0lz9qoot using this custom cwm , you can scroll in the funbook recovery mode using the menu button alone .
as you have said that it is not a ' captive portal ' , could it be an internal vpn connection ? i doubt it , but it is possible . most hotspot 's that require login use these portals - so you should just go to google . com in your browser and it should take you to a webpage that is the portal , where a login is required prior to accessing any other website . this login , may require a registration or some form of payment , depending on who is the provider of that portal . has this ever appeared before ? when you use your laptop - what does the balloon notification say , something along the lines of " wifi hotspot detected , click here to connect " or similar . on my laptop , it just opens my browser to my home page , to get redirected to the portal to login .
if you open your browser when connected to that hotspot , it should automatically get re-directed to the login page for it . that is what most of these hotspot apps try to automate using macros . after having logged-in via the browser , the internet connection should be available to your apps .
have you switched mass storage mode on ? not sure about desire hd , but it should be either in usb settings under Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings , or it may show up directly in the notification bar when usb is connected . if this does not help , do a lsusb after connecting the phone and check it is detected .
i contacted the makers and they said it is a known problem and they were working on it . the latest update fixed this .
on my htc desire running 2.2 i have an option under the stock browser menu> more> settings called " mobile view " which enables mobile versions of web pages . for example with this this enabled i get the mobile version of tumblr , with it disabled i get the full site .
for galaxy devices , you can simply enter about:useragent into your browser 's url bar . i do not think this " sticks " across reboots , but it is relatively painless to do and does not require extra software/hacks/etc . i do not own a galaxy so i am not keen on some of the specifics . if about:useragent does not work , then other phones can typically to this instead : enter about:debug into the url bar to activate debug mode in the browser ( you will not see any kind of confirmation that this has worked ) go into Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Settings and scroll all the way to the bottom . you should see a new menu item called UAString tap the UAString menu option and select a different user agent from the provided menu i have ie6 , " mac desktop " and " linux desktop " as options for mine , all of which give me full versions of websites . see also this question with info on some of the goodies in debug mode . the about:debug menu also works on honeycomb ( or later ) , but the menu is organized a little differently . you enter about:debug the same way , then go into the settings and you will find a new settings tab ( on the left ) simply named " debug " . UAString is one of the first options in this tab .
i use rockplayer and it has a button right on the display to toggle aspect ratios and zoom levels--very convenient .
meridian media player ( free in the market ) specifically facilitates this , allows digging deep into a folder structure and other goodies too .
as i understand it it is possible to add a . nomedia file into a folder that you want to exclude from media scans . i have not had occasion to test this myself but the comments on this issue seems to confirm that it works .
z4root is for android version 2.2 , as versions such as honeycomb have such methods of rooting patched . try a hard reset .
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
the last three are gps receiver , data sync and screen brightness . as seen here . and it looks like the extended controls app gives you even more control ( android police article ) and here it is on appbrain .
you can not force it to work . there may be tricks you can play to fake the app into thinking it is on another device , but for the specific app given ( video playback ) , it is almost certainly refusing to playback because it can not . the hardware on the device is probably something that the devs did not anticipate , or that the app can tell is not fast enough to actually work . even if you find some way to fake it out and make it try , it is only going to crash or play back so slowly that it will be unwatchable .
what you are doing is not recommended . there is a reason why app developers limit installation to select devices . namely : android version processor architecture/gpu chipset/board/ram screen size/density/resolution this is to ensure good , consistent , and fast user experience as much as possible .
you could pull the app apart using apktool an then edit the smali , but as mentioned in previous answers here , that would still lead to problems though . chances are the developers made the app that way because your device was not capable of playback . if you are really interested in trying to edit the app 's smali , have at it : https://code.google.com/p/android-apktool/
afaik the carriers are simply not interested in doing anything except forcing people with smartphones to pay unreasonable amounts for data plans . one thing you could do is get verizon 's prepaid mobile broadband in the " hotspot " form . you can plug it in wherever and it effectively rebroadcasts the cell network as a wi-fi network . you can connect your phone to that wi-fi . it is not perfect , since it is not portable to anywhere without a power outlet ( afaik it can not use batteries ) , but perhaps better than nothing .
you can get the lg optimus v from virgin mobil for $150 ( total ) and pay $25/month for unlimited data and texts and 300 minutes/month of talk time . there are three drawbacks . ( 1 ) the screen is a bit small . ( 2 ) the internal memory is only about 200mb , so you are limited as the number of apps you can have ( even moving apps to the sd card ) . ( 3 ) virgin mobile uses the sprint network which seems to be more limited than say verizon . later this month ( i think ) virgin mobile will also off the motorola triumph with 2gb internal memory and a larger screen and a faster processor and a front facing camera ( which the optimus does not have , so maybe that is four drawbacks ) . i plan to switch to the new phone as soon as i can .
syncing is when you take two different sets of data ( normally on two different devices or on one device and one online ) and make them " mirror " , or be identical to , each other . this way , you always have the most up-to-date version of that data no matter which device ( s ) you are currently using . many things can be and are synced , including a lot of different data from third-party apps , like springpad ( which syncs your notes ) or dropbox ( a file storage service ) . however , for google applications , i believe that it is just your contacts , gmail , chats ( via talk ) buzz posts , calendar , and documents . you can also upload and download photos from your picasa account as well . however , i also think that google has lots of other apps that do not come pre-installed on most phones , such as finance , which ( i think ) will sync with your online stock portfolio or the like . ( i do not use google finance , sorry . ) sms is also only on the phone , though they have applications that you can download to backup your sms to your computer . no , other apps can use syncing as well , though i do not believe that they can sync to your gmail account . often times , these services have you register for separate accounts on their sites using your gmail to sync with their service and their application on your device . for example , like mentioned previously , i use springpad as a note-taking application on my droid . i had to create an account on their site ( though i could also log in via services like yahoo ! or gmail ) and it would afterwards sync with the application on my phone , so my notes on my phone are always the same as the ones on my online account with springpad . i think that you can add a gmail account in your gmail application on your phone . afterwards , you had likely be able to delete the old one . though , you had probably have to re-purchase or re-install your applications , as those are bought via your google account . i do not believe it would delete your sms as those are just on the phone , though it is always a good idea to clean your sms out because they eventually start to eat up quite a bit of space unless you have them set to automatically delete as you reach a message limit . ( for example , 200 messages ) for transferring data , there is a tutorial on transferring mail located here : http://www.consumingexperience.com/2007/09/gmail-transfer-all-emails-to-new-gmail.html ( not written by google , but the next best thing ) . for contacts , you had just export them all from your online gmail account and then re-import the export file into your new one . hopefully this answers your question and good luck switching !
in general , apps these days are built to put as much as possible on the sd card in order to save internal space . some apps require being on the internal card for programming reasons , however . generally speaking you can let them manage themselves . otherwise you should keep all your own media , etc on your sd card so as to keep the internal one free for things like system caches , etc .
long-press on the search bar ; after a second or so , a trash can should appear at the top or bottom of the screen . drag it to the trash can . alternatively , you could drag it to an open space on another screen by dragging it to the left or right edge of the screen . the screen will flip to the next panel and you can drop the widget on any open space large enough to contain it .
i also faced similar problem . the solution is similar but key point is you also have to clear the download manager cache and force stop it . here is the guide if you want step by step help : http://techspalace.blogspot.com/2011/08/solved-download-unsuccessful-on-android.html
try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; All and clearing the data for the market ( you may need to force close it first ) , then reboot your phone . this has fixed a similar issue for me before . i think the poweramp issue is unrelated , their server is probably down temporarily .
summing up from my comments above : how do signal boosters work ? they work by forcing the device to do a re-connect . though the device is permanently watching its neighborhood ( for the case the signal gets too weak ) , it does not switch for just a trifle . instead , it tries to weight the benefits against the costs : switching to a different cell has some signalling overhead to be considered . so if it is just for a trifle , it would not switch . but if the other signal source is twice as strong , for example , it would . and it certainly does switch once you lose signal , even if there is just a weak signal available to switch to . if it switches , it always choses the best and strongest signal available . and as i said , when you lose your signal it does switch : that is exactly the concept of the booster . by going to airplane mode , it makes you lose the signal , so switching on the radios makes the device connecting to the strongest signal . if your lucky , you see one more bar . if there was just one cell available , you just wasted juice . imho it is not really worth it , but everybody needs to decide that himself/herself . improvements are rather marginal/cosmetical in most cases , if at all . ways to boost without a booster well , if you followed my above writing , you might already have guessed it : long-press your power button , and select " airplane " , then do it again . or , open your notification bar and tap the plane icon , and repeat it . done . the difference is you need to do it manually – while the app at least partially automates it ( maximum one tap with the app , while 4 manually ) . further hints there are apps available which track cell signals . some do even track the neighboring cells ( most of them only work with selected devices ) . if you find one that does work with neigboring cells and your device , you should be able to tell the real numbers – and see if it would be worth to " boost " , or if it rather would be to " boast " : ) .
best and simplest way to boost signal is airplane mode toggle method . most signal boost apps do it . but some pro apps do one extra thing which we can not do . . . . . i.e. to search for strongest cell site if available . so the basics are the same .
you can prevent lock button from turning off you screen by altering your settings . go to your settings select Security deselect the check box Power button instantly locks
if your phone is rooted , install " avast mobile security " and enable firewall . you can block internet access to any installed app . its not about blocking ads . its about blocking internet access . and its free .
i have not done a screen recording in a phone , only in a computer . but if your unit is already rooted , you can try to download " scr screen recorder " from the appstore . it will work on rooted devices only . good luck !
i too have a samsung galaxy nexus and i upgraded from cm11 m3 to m4 manually just one week ago . but i looked it up on my phone and there is an ota-update to the m4 build . other than that , you can find your current cm11-build under settings -> about phone and there it says in the entry named cyanogenmod-version . it should end with your device 's code-name ( depending on your specific galaxy nexus it can be either " toro " , " toroplus " or " maguro" ; in my case " maguro" ) . and that update in late february cannot have been the m4-build , because that is just too far in the past . the m4-build was anounced officially by the team of cyanogenmod on march 7th . i hope i could help you . ps : if you still do not get the ota-update , i would recommend you to flash it manually .
thanks for your answer . if looking into " about phone " , " build date " is " tue feb 25 14:46:23 pst 2014" and build number " cm_maguro-userdebug 4.4.2 kot49h installerxnpq09p release-keys " according to build date , i guess that is still m3 , right ? last weekend i tried to manually update , by downloading the zip file for maguro from http://download.cyanogenmod.org , but that ended up in a corrupted phone : phone app was missing , i was not able to receive calls home button did not work ( flashed when pressed , but nothing happened ) quick settings button in notification bar without effect and many issues more . . . . i now re-installed cynogenmod by again running the installer . build number and date are stated at the top of this post . i suggest that installer version is quite a bit slower in its release cycles , right ?
solved the problem by installing motorola device manager and re-plugging the phone . i felt so silly after finding that link .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
adding to queue means there should be something playing first before the queue is created . try playing one song then add another music to the queue . do not pick another song , just wait for the current song to finish . the next song will be the song you placed in the queue .
movieplayer and mvideoplayer both support sub/idx subtitles .
this functionality is built into android so there is no need for an external tool/application . in settings : Wireless and networks -&gt; Mobile Networks -&gt; Data Enabled  disable this and you are all set .
you can go on the configurations and disable the usage of mobile networks manually . if you want a more handy tool ( i.e. . not need to open menus ) , looks like this app can do it : apn switch apn-switch is a simple widget that allows you to quickly enable ( or disable ) your data connection ( 3g/edge/gprs ) with a single click .
what i have done before is to turn on airplane mode , then turn on wifi . works like a charm on my galaxy s .
that is correct : starting ice cream sandwich ( ics ) 4.0.1 and until the curent ( at the time of writing ) 4.0.3 the face unlock feature is not available to any version of nexus s ( ns ) . this thread on xda-dev provides various speculations as to why face unlock is not available on ns : lower quality front camera hardware on the ns the vulnerabilities of this feature ( check out the note on the setting that says that face unlock is low-security and experimental ) having this feature exclusively available for galaxy nexus bottom line : face unlock is present in various ported ics roms , but it is reported to be pretty flimsy at the moment .
the issue is not the browser or anything else , if you try to connect via the gprs ( mobile network ) it will not block . and to make it pretty sure , you can try to download opera mini v7 . then you will be able to see that it will load pages even when they are blocked . isps block site , as per orders of govt . or on their own . the issue is mainly because of that ! but still , you might try out opera mini , and check if the site is working for you or not . if opera mini is working , then their is some issue with the connection . if the problem persists , you might try to use some vpn . that is the only way to get around when the isp is blocking some sites .
since verizon is cdma-only in the usa , as long as your cdma reception is strong there will be no reason for the phone to search for gsm . if you find yourself in a very low/no-signal area , however , the phone may hop over to gsm to search , even though it cannot connect to any domestic gsm network . there is no real downside to switching this setting to cdma while in the usa , as long as you remember to make the switch back when you travel overseas .
this saves significant power on my d2g ; not normally , but when i go to these areas of sw wisconsin where there is all these valleys with no phone service at all , the thing just sucks power switching between cdma and gsm modes looking for service . it waits at least 30 seconds before starting a gsm search though , so if you do not lose cdma at all ( or just in little spots ) it will not affect power use at all . the phone has the ( so-called ) band lock on it ( which does not really block the bands , but does block us gsm carriers from operating on it at the radio firmware level . )
i use unison by mounting the android with sshfs . as ssh server i use sshdroid . but be warned , unison with sshfs is really slow . though with one single file it should not matter .
i have also followed the cross compilation root as indicated in chc 's answer i have released unisonsync that allows you to unison without dealing with the command line ( and without rooting ) on google play : from the proof of concept , which was quickly running , to a production ready app it took much more time than expected , but now it works and is very handy to sync my publications and datasheet repository .
a market search revealed afilesync which claims to sync files via ftp and also has support to auto-sync files . you will need to be running an ftp server on your own . there is also sk sync , but users have reported mixed results with it . obviously , before you try any of these programs / apps , please backup your files both on the pc/server as well as your android device .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
you may have found something you are happy with now but i have compiled a binary of unison that works on android - it is possible using the hand-waving instructions you are talking about - i used them to cross-compile the linux source within ubuntu 12.10 using the android ndk and with a few alterations to the code it is now working . follow the instructions at https://sites.google.com/site/keigoattic/ocaml-on-android and then you will need to do a few things . there is a file called pty . c in the unison source - find the following section : // openpty #if defined(__linux) #include &lt;pty.h&gt; /*#define HAS_OPENPTY 1*/ #endif  and comment out define HAS_OPENPTY 1 as shown . you also need to open ubase/util . ml and edit : let homeDir () = System.fspathFromString "/Your path here"  comment out from here : . . . to here ! then you will also have to edit makefile . ocaml and comment out # CLIBS+=-cclib -lutil as shown . and as far as i can remember that all worked . the other step once compiled is to mount your android system partition as writable and copy unison to the /system folder where all the rest of the shell commands are . hope that is helpful to someone . . . i lost a lot of sleep getting it compiled .
i do not know of anything native that does this . there are many file sync apps but all the ones i have seen are either unidirectional , or rely on the user to manually sync the file from the phone to the cloud . what you are intending to do should be possible with the dropbox api but i do not know if you are willing to create your own custom app that keeps watch over the specific files you need sync'd
i do exactly what you ask with foldersync . it is a very nice piece of software , with plenty of options and features . i use it as a personal dropbox alternative using sftp over ssh with keyfile for authentication . you can even set it up to automatically detect changes on the local replicas and trigger an immediate upload . on my phone i use it to upload pics on my server as soon as i take them , and it works just perfect .
try manually restoring the contents of /data/data/com.viber.voip .
also , some devices show up as mass storage devices , only when usb debugging option is turned off . see if that helps .
not without either loading a custom rom that does not have these popups . these are probably " features " added for your carrier , so a more " generic " rom would probably stop them .
i think it is due to u have use wrong rooting file . did you tried other rooting file as well ? what i tried is i9100zslsj android 4.1.2 jelly bean galaxy s2 i9100 if you want to download it . here is the link
yes , software tweaks have a massive effect on image quality , and the htc sense version was optimised for you sensor , whereas the cm app was not , this is the difference between a well optimised app written to play to the strengths of a specific platform , and a general app written to give a moderately good experience on average . this same thing can be applied to cm more generally , with apps that use specific hardware ( e . g . dialer ) often having a worse experience compared to stock .
factory resets do not normally affect the external sd card , e.g. , /sdcard/external_sd . some devices will wipe everything else under /sdcard ( like the asus transformer ) while others will not ( like the samsung galaxy s ) . so it depends on your device and which " sd card " you are referring to , and also the filesystem layout &mdash ; some devices will mount internal/external sd storage in different places than what i mentioned above .
there is no need to install kies . download the driver SAMSUNG_USB_Driver_for_Mobile_Phones_v1.5.14.0.exe ( or a higher version ) which is available from the samsung website . click on the manuals and downloads tab ( below the image of the phone ) and then the software tab . after installing , i connected the s3 via usb and windows update automatically searched for and downloaded a package that was 6.8mb , followed by this notification . i restarted my computer ( just in case ) and i can now use the s3 for development , even though it says the device is connected as a " media device " .
you can try using universal adb driver from this link : https://github.com/koush/universaladbdriver
you need to install the samsung adb driver . you can install these by installing kies ( they will be installed automatically ) , or you can download and install the driver here - it says it is for the galaxy s2 , but it should work for all samsung devices . once installed , you may need to reboot your computer , and then connect your device . if that still does not work , go into your device manager and delete any unknown devices , or devices with question marks next to them ( highlight them , and press the delete key ) . once that is done , plug the device back in and the driver should install . you should then be able to see the device by using the adb devices command .
the easiest way to get this driver is from the samsung website . there is a link to a download that installs only the driver ( none of the bloat ) . see stackexchange-url for more details .
uninstall the samsung galaxy s3 driver . download and update your fingerprint sensor driver . in my case , i use the authentec driver . download and update your bluetooth device driver ( i.e. . broadcomm , etc ) reboot computer . re-install the galaxy s3 driver . connect device . device will look for software updates and everything should install . good to go !
please could you try using the default sms app - it could be an issue with gosms , albeit unlikely . this also sounds like a network issue . please contact your network ( verizon , in this case ) , and check with them to ensure it is nothing on their end .
after the 160 char threshold messages become mms i believe . mms of course uses your data connection . if you have poor data connectivity in your area or have some sort of mms restriction or other account based mms alteration , this may also be the cause .
did you turn off your apn access with something like apn widget ?
you may have turned off your apn . quick settings provides the most complete access to settings that i have seen . after you install it you have to customize the view to see all the different options but after you do you will be able to toggle the apn , mobile data , and airplane mode all separately to isolate which setting is not allowing you to connect .
click on the download notification showing the progress and it will take you to downloads app . there in app you can cancel the download .
by what you describe , this is more likely to be related with the proximity sensor . it is located at the top right corner of your screen , outside of the touch area . if anything is blocking that sensor , the screen goes black . this happens to prevent the users face from touching anything on the screen during a call . what works for me , is either using the home button or the power button to bring the screen back on .
this is happening due to android trying to keep same aspect ratio of wallpaper when your device is switching between portrait and landscape modes . what is the size of the wallpaper ? for it to fit perfectly , it must be 3966x2560 .
the implementation of what you are asking is too application-specific to work well for most computer applications , thus the usual ( and possibly only ) solution you will find is use some screensharing app . all applications handle such notifications differently , so it would be too hard to make it work for all applications correctly .
sending phone notifications to desktop work because there is a simple framework for the phones , and all your app as to do is listen for that event and echo the message to the desktop . the reverse is significantly harder because there is simply no unified notification framework yet . every app handles notifications differently . i have not written desktop apps for windows at that depths , but notice how most application icons on the taskbar light up when there is an event ? ( may not always be a valid notification ) . well , my first guess is that you had have to write a listener for that - assuming you are given that kind of access in the os in the first place . [ check out this so answer ] . once you have a listener in place , you can know when an app receives a notification . however , unless the app exposes a method to see what the notification is though the taskbar , it is unlikely that you can derive the contents . . .
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
while all networks you have connected to in the past are stored in a file called /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf , networks " just seen " around ( but never connected to ) are imho not stored to any file , but just " cached " in memory . so a simple trick to get rid of them is to enter airplane-mode for a couple of seconds ( or a minute if seconds are not enough ) . with wifi being disabled , the system should see no reason to " stick " to that " cached " information , and thus " forget " the unknown networks . as soon as you return from airplane mode , it would need to " rebuild " its cache again – but those " stickies " should be gone for good ( until next time , maybe , but then simply repeat the action ) .
if everything else fails ( and your comment above says you cannot set the volumes separately as needed ) , you could take a look at volume ace , which not only allows you to set all volumes separately 1 , but even lets you create profiles 3 switchable via widgets 2 : this enables you to always have the right volume settings according to the situation .
sorry , but in you phone there not sd card , and internal flash blocks can be rewritten , when phone works ( physical location of blocks are different from logical and phone record logs , change internal data , download updates ) . it is available chance with destructive methods ( read flash on programmer device ) , and much smaller with root you phone ( read whole memory ) , because any change of phone state decrease chances .
to add to bmdixon 's answer , go into settings on your old nexus 4 or current nexus 5 , select " backup and reset " and have a look at the top option there : back up my data back up application data , wi-fi passwords and other settings to google servers
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
you can connect to your wifi even if it has password with the wps ( wi-fi protected setup ) . if wps is currently pressed or on in your modem other device could connect to the network without using the password . .
go to the main android settings > security > screen lock now see if there are any differences between the options as configured on your device and the other one . try ticking the option vibrate on tap to activate haptic feedback .
solution for english is to use voice commands . tap on a mike of a google search widget and say „navigate to ‚desired destination‘“ . in other languages you can find a voice assistant like antelli for czech who can launch the navigation for you the same way but in your language . ( set it to listen immediately after launch . ) or with english ui language you can say the command phonetically in your language set for speech recognition ( at least on android 4.4 ) . if you tell it well so the recognition writes the english word , the voice command will work .
you could try opening the vcard file in outlook , there is also other software out there if you google " vcard editor " , find one you want and make sure there are not any issues with the file . in this case , you could remove the offending line , save with a new name and then try to import again . another option , you could import your contacts into your google account from a computer , then sync to a phone . follow this link for help with that . as far as other contact apps go , you will have to root your phone and install a rom that uses a different contact system then the one that comes stock on your phone . reason for this is most apps on the marketplace just put a different front end to the contact system already on your phone . you could look at the marketplace and see if there is an app you like , that is a totally separate contact system from what is on the phone , but i still think this would not help because your underlying issue would still exist .
i have also encrypted the /data partition ( on my samsung i9300 ) and wanted to reset it for an upgrade . this failed with the error you mentioned , /tmp/recovery.log contains : disclaimer : i am not responsibility for anything that goes wrong , including ( but not limited to ) user error . if you wish to wipe the /data partition completely ( including media like photos ) , follow the below instructions : boot into recovery . run adb shell in a terminal ( linux ) or command prompt ( "cmd " , windows ) . after a few seconds , you should see a line containing ~ # . warning . triple-check the command that you are entering here . white space and capitalization are important . make any mistake here and you may accidentally wipe your whole flash memory including recovery images . note : if you want to encrypt your partition later , you have to leave 16kib unallocated space on the end of the partition . in the adb shell , run the command mke2fs -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 . substitute /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 and ext4 according to the recovery filesystem table ( for /data ) . output when running the command : ( optional ) install new firmware ( e . g . cm 10.1 ) . reboot . ( optional ) in order to encrypt the partition while clearing your whole data partition , run vdc cryptfs enablecrypto wipe PIN_OR_PASSWORD . ( see also https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-87 ) reconfigure device , choose language , enter name , install apps , etc . technical details below . the factory reset menu item activates erase_volume("/data") in recovery.c which calls format_volume("/data") . format_volume is defined in roots.c : since the volume name indeed starts with /data , and the recovery filesystem table contains an entry for type datamedia and handle_data_media is initially zero , format format_unknown_device is called . that function is defined in extendedcommands.c as follows : fs_type is NULL and the path is /data . that means that the code path ends up at ensure_path_mounted(path) which is the place where this function fails . looking at the name , ensure_path_mounted attempts to mount the partition by name which of course fails since the encrypted partition is not supported in cwm . therefore , cwm refuses to " format " the partition ( actually , all it does is erasing all files except for /data/media after mounting ) . therefore the goal is to format /data with ext4 ( see recovery filesystem table ) or mount the encrypted data partition somehow . i could not easily find the tools for mounting encrypted partitions , so i decided to go the easy way and just format the partition .
you can simply install the golauncherex and then install the go switch widget . it is awesome and lets you control lot of other functionality other than tethering .
have a look at tethering widget . its a free widget with nice look . it can be used to enable/disable wifi and usb tethering as well . to add , press home button Menu | Add | Widget | Tethering (full) / Tethering (small) 
i used the itunes option to convert the id3 tags to v2.2 and it fixed my issue .
the only way to get this to work was for us to do the following in our exchange server . create a new exchange activesync mailbox policy in the client access organization configuration . make sure that require password is disabled for the policy . go to the mailbox of the user in question , in the recipient configuration and open the properties for the mailbox . in the mailbox features tab , select exchange activesync and open the properties . select your newly created activesync mailbox policy and confirm your selection . you might need to remove and re-add the the account on your phone to make sure that it no longer asks you to set a password .
my work account limits me from using pattern lock . the way i get around it is by using swype and a password that is a real word , that way you swype the pattern of the word to unlock your phone . get swype from beta.swype.com.
i managed to record with the help of built in app . go to Messaging app-&gt;Attach-&gt;Record Audio .
there must be an . apk floating around somewhere . my cyanogenmod 4.2.2 has an app in the drawer named " sound recorder " .
i suspect the Sound recorder could be just a component that is used by several apps , such as Google Now and Voice Search . if you take a look at the list of apps , there are also others that can not be run directly , such as MusicFX , NFC Service , Search Applications Provider etc . , most of which take exactly the same amount of space , 12.00kb . note that this is just an assumption , i have no further proof .
here 's how to run it : open your app list . go to voice recorder . open it and record .
this app has no inbuilt gui link on many builds . you can use the app sound recorder shortcut by kn inc to access it through a shortcut though . the app needs no permission . the recordings are saved on the sdcard in path /sdcard/ . the files names are recording* . 3gpp . the recording was just ok though with some amount of background noise .
using sero 7 pro with jb 4.2.1 i found the recordings listed as " recordingxxxxx " where the x 's were an autogenerated numerical sequence . recording files are saved as * . 3gpp on /sdcard . i have played them back using the player integrated with es file explorer .
a mini-sim is the same thing as a standard sim nowadays . the term was coined back in the day when sim cards were the size of a credit card . thus , the current-day regular sim was known as mini-sim . micro-sim is the next step ( used in newer smartphones , examples from gsmarena ) and then there is the nano-sim ( used only in iphone 5 , ipad mini and asus padfone infinity , as far as i know ) . see gsm sim card evolution for graphical representation .
there is an app named user management for what you are asking . but , the app requires root access to work . so , your device needs to be rooted ( which voids warranty ) .
here http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/02/22/download-latest-google-play-store-3-10-14/ you will find download links to the play store in this site
if you can get the device to boot to fastboot then you can " fix " a brick . i have " soft bricked " my devices many times . samsung has " download mode " , basically their version of fastboot . if you have an image that you can flash , you can recover . the same goes for the nexus 7 . if you have an image , which google provides because they are " developer " devices ( as well as consumer ) . the term " brick " is used very loosely and does not mean what it meant back in the winmo days . when you bricked your winmo phone it was as useful as a paperweight . the only true bricks i have ever seen is when something fails in the hardware . anything else that i have seen there is still a way to get to recovery , fastboot , download mode , etc . if you can get in to any of those you are golden .
i recently ran into this issue with my phone after downloading a battery saver app that i noticed had turned sync off after i had uninstalled the app . i read through all the comment answers above and no one came close to the stock rom 4.2 's data sync setup . in the ( current at time of post ) latest version of android the "Accounts &amp; Sync" has been removed and all accounts are inline in the settings ListView . individual accounts will only let you sync now , there is no option to "Turn Sync on" or "Auto Sync" my setup : verizon galaxy nexus android 4.2.2 stock rom build number : jdq39 what i did to resolve : go to settings -> data usage -> menu -> click auto-sync data
on stock android 4.2.2 on my galaxy nexus i had the same problem of gmail notifications not working . i checked that in settings> data usage " auto sync " was turned on . then i went to settings> accounts> google , hit the email address and you see everything that is being synced or not . weirdly for me it gmail sync was inactive after i had recently updated my rom . this should take care of this problem .
this advice from xda seems to be working for me . check if you have a process by name media running in background using settings> apps> running apps . inside this process , if there is a service running called mediadbmigrationservice then stop it immediately and it will resolve the issue to large extent .
having had no better suggestions i did try a factory reset and it seems to have resolved the problem entirely , indeed the phone ' feels ' new . whilst it is annoying , it is been over a year since having the phone and it only took about an hour to factory reset and restore important files , so it is not the worst solution out there .
motorola mytouch 2.1 settings -> connnect to pc -> default connection type choices are charge only / sync / disk drive i leave it at charge , unless i want to get to the sd card . it gives a alert that it is charge only , pull up that alert and it lets you change it .
try this ( not sure if it is the same for all phones ) : go to settings -> about phone -> usb settings select ' ask on connection ' ( if it is there ) . when you connect your phone via usb , it should ask you what to do . there was the option to ' do nothing ' for me .
from my understanding each device listing in the play store is referenced to a unique id . by removing the device you have removed this id . you should be able to sign out of your google account on your device , then sign back in , making sure all of the sync features are turned on , this should create a new uid for your device , putting an entry in devices once again .
if your device is rooted , tasker can do that ( there is a free trial available at their website for you to check first ) . while you do not need to boot your device daily ( i do not boot it more often than once a month usually , if at all ) , i also thought about a weekly reboot on a device having problems otherwise ( my old wildfire started behaving oddly with calls after about 10 days uptime ) . so here we go , assuming a weekly reboot at monday morning 3am for a fresh week : condition : day &rarr ; day-of-week : pick " monday " time : set both , from and to time to 3am task : reboot i have to include a warning here from the tasker userguide on reboot : unfortunately , this is not a ' clean ' shutdown . neither android nor running applications are informed that the device is rebooting , so be prepared for possible data corruption . on the other hand , every other app that allows reboot does it the same way . so this warning does not apply to tasker alone , but obviously to all other solutions as well .
answering my own question : i fixed it , and i am not sure how . i did several things , and i did them several times . can not tell which thing or combination of things worked , but here 's what i tried : removed the sd card . connected the phone to the pc without booting the phone . this took it into recovery mode , sometimes but not always , and i did not figure out why sometimes it went into recovery mode and sometimes it did not . from recovery mode , i selected and ran the factory restore option . removed the battery and left it out for several minutes . ( i kind of think this was important . ) eventually the usb error vanished , odin discovered the phone , and i was able to reflash the stock rom .
success ! i had the same exact problem on my nexus 4 , and all it took to get mine working was a forced shutdown , and starting it up again . for the nexus 4 , that is simply : hold down the power button for about 10 seconds ( the phone will shut down ) hold down the power button for about 2 seconds ( the phone will start up ) mine ran through the same " optimizing app x of y " that it had before , but seemed to do so faster than it had the first time , and then actually finished booting . when i went to check if android runtime was still chosen , it was not - it had failed back to dalvik , which is where it is going to stay on my phone for now .
as " art " versus " dalvik " is a setting the user can switch , a factory-reset should restore its previous ( default ) state – in this case , revert it to " dalvik " . reportedly , the following steps solved the issue in this case : complete wipe , including dalvik cache and data ( can be done from recovery-mode , and is equivalent to a factory-reset ) re-flashing the rom ( imho an optional step , as the previous one should suffice ) remark : there is a good reason that switch is a little hidden ; art is still " experimental " , and not intended for " everyday use " . it was placed with the developer 's options just to give developers a way to already test their apps for compatibility .
if you built the image yourself then google 's proprietary apps would not have been included as they are not open source . the easiest way to get them is probably to just use the cyanogenmod9 gapps package , which can be downloaded here ( top of the table ) . if you have a custom recovery image then you can simply install the . zip file from your recovery , otherwise you will have to manually install each of the files in the . zip ( they have a folder structure that mimics your device ) . the reason why the web market is not working is because it tries to use c2dm to push the app to the device , but this requires the market app to be installed on the device . you cannot download the . apk from the market manually .
i do not know if boot_logo = splash_screen in chinese ; ) but i would say give it a try . i cannot see any reason that it should " brick " anything ( while changing one of the other two settings certainly have the potential , this one is not very likely to do so ) . as a reference , see this xda developers thread which is dealing with that issue : from what i understand , you need to change the init.rc file in \ setprop ro.kernel.android.bootanim 0 setprop debug.sf.nobootanimation 1 or simply change export ANDROID_BOOTLOGO 1 to export ANDROID_BOOTLOGO 0 also in init.rc however , all changes to init . rc are gone after restarting the phone . . . . which brings up another information : it is very likely that your init.rc resides on a ram disk , so those changes will have no effect at all . in that case , you would have to modify the boot image ( boot.img ) . i never did that , but this carries potential to entirely brick it ( as it happened to the guy in the linked xda thread , by the way ) .
very nice dude . . . i have also found one good link here . . . . splash screen - android example
webpages can opt out of autofill ; intended to be added security for banks and other sites requiring higher than normal security . there are ways to circumvent this in firefox , chrome and ie but i have not figured out how to do it for android . whats the origin of the android browser code base ? that might be another place to look .
it could possibly be due to blocking cookies . if you do not accept the cookie it will never remeber who you are . check the setting for : menu-> settings-> accept cookies
use an app called loginbox . it is a browser that specialize in remembering the complete login process .
there are custom kernels supporting the htc logo as a button . you might e.g. want to check tbaldens kernel @ xda , which is available in different variants underlying the logo with different features : home2wake and htclogo2sleep home2wake and htclogomenu watch the videos over at xda-developers to see how it works . it is not the combination you asked for , but maybe that one was added later as a variant ( another dev continued with a fork in this second thread , which lists a few more details ) , or you can ask the dev to do so .
the problem is with the s2e on 4.2.2 . i wiped everything , it worked . now i reinstalled s2e and it will not work . edit : main user had no access to write sd-ext . i created a code added init . d to set sd-ext with chmod 777 .
im not sure about the hardware of your tablet , so might not be that powerful . that could be the reason for the lag about rooting and custom roms they are not assured to remove lag , some roms might help while some may be even slower , it depends on the rom you use . but that said generally custom roms are made to be lightweight , fast and fluid .
this will not directly mount it as a drive but astro file manager can emulate that experience . it will give you the same experience it does for local filesystems but with a ftp file system . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.metago.astro for the download .
i have got the same device ( takju , 4.1.1 ) and i do not have the issues you mentioned . i have been using exdialer as my dialer for some time , so it might be my default dialer , or it might be something else . try exdialer and see if it does the trick . i am not fully confident of my suggestion as i am not sure whether the dialer can really have this effect . but it is worth a try .
you can use Lock Screen After The Call . for more details , visit this link .
what rom are you on , stock or custom ? if custom , which one ? if you can be persuaded to move to a custom rom , try paranoidandroid 's latest for the galaxy s ( assuming that is the device you currently have ) . no such problems with their roms . i have it on two devices .
sprint tells me that i need to pay for a hot-spot plan for $30 , but there has to be a way around this besides rooting my phone and putting cyanogen on it . sprint clamped down and disabled the previously free built-in tethering with the latest update . if you want usb tethering you can try pdanet , but wifi tethering will almost certainly require you to root , as it does on other devices . even with root , you do not necessarily need to use cyanogenmod if you do not want to , though ; you could just as easily install a free tethering app ( one example ) . this has been covered here a lot , in fact , so you might want to take a look at any wifi tethering apps noted in other questions . see also : is there a way to enable wifi-tethering without root access ?
you do not need an official " skin " . you just need to figure out what screen dimensions and memory capacity the device you want to test has and create a deployment target file .
use foldersync . i was using it to sync folders with google docs . after upgrading to google drive , sync still works . i have just tested by adding new google drive account . google drive is fully supported . just , choose Google Docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its free lite version is also in play store , but with some limitations . it supports two-way sync as well as one-way sync ( up or down ) . you can use its up sync for backup purpose . it also supports filters based on size , extension etc . so , if you want to backup all photos from your sd card , the app is good to go . it features Delete after Upload , too . you can schedule sync jobs , too . so , it can do backups automatically without any hassle . the best : it features Instant Sync . if you turn it on , files will be synced as long as they will be modified or added in folder .
from ics onwards , go to Settings-> Security-> Trusted credentials .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
i believe you are talking about the notification drawer , and the top row of icons that toggle functionality like wifi , gps etc . there appears to be no way to customize what appears in the top row when you are on samsung 's stock software/rom . you will have to switch to a rom like cm9 for that .
open google maps and search for the area you want to cache ( or just zoom in on it ) . tap the search bar . type " okay maps " ( some people report success with just " ok maps" ) in the search bar . tap the search icon you will be dropped back at the maps view , and you will see a notification that the area was copied to your clipboard or otherwise cached . now , even offline you will still be able to zoom down to the same level you were at on that map area .
you might want to take a look at little helpers like e.g. mapson free : offline map : offline gps travel maps . cache maps to sd card and use them when traveling without network coverage . this one fills gmaps ' map cache ( at least it did before it was renamed ; the current screenshots confuse me a little concerning whether that was changed , but it is certainly worth a try with the free version ; if that works out , you can still decide whether to " go pro" ) .
the best free offline ( google ) maps is ( rmaps ) . first , you will need to download mobile atlas creator version 1.8 , which allows you to download google maps of anywhere and any size , on your pc . unlimited . note : select map source ( google maps ) . zoom level ( 17 is good for cities ) . atlas settings ( format : rmaps sqlite ) . then create it . then , insall ( rmaps ) on phone . copy-paste the saved maps to phone memory &gt; rmaps &gt; maps . then , open rmaps &gt; settings &gt; user defined maps &gt; select the maps . it works great . i have all europe ( google maps ) saved on my phone . enjoy !
update : apparently there was enough of a hue and cry about it that they have added a button , although " ok maps " will still work . not the same as the old offline maps , but better than nothing i suppose . having come under fire for ( mostly ) removing the option to save offline maps in its new android app , google has pushed a new update that makes it easier for users to save local areas to their device . in a post on google+ , the company notes that its " engineering team has been working around the clock " to add a " make this map area available offline " card inside the app , mimicking the functionality of the ' ok maps " command . ( source : the verge ) at least i am not the only one who regrets the removal of this feature . the other problem with the redesign is that google ( mostly ) removed the option to save offline maps — a feature that was only a year old to begin with . power users still have a way to cache maps locally , however . daniel graf , director for google maps , tells us that the company 's engineers were just as unhappy with the loss of the feature as we were , so they built an easter egg . when you type in " ok maps " ( or " okay maps " ) into the search box , it will save a cached version of the visible map area locally . it is not as convenient or manageable as proper offline maps , but at least it is an option — assuming you remember it is there . ( source : the verge )
could it be , that for some reason--aliens , loch ness , etc . --that some of the apps have " show notifications " checkbox unchecked ? to check , go to settings-> aps-> whatever sms app and see if you have a show notifications checked . also , have you tried using hangouts as a replacement for texting ?
reboot your phone to recovery . use adb to pull ( read as copy ) the build . prop from rom/device adb pull /system/build . prop c:\ edit it back the way that it was . once edited save as normal use adb to push ( read as paste ) the build . prop to rom/device adb remount . . . . . then adb push c:\build . prop /system/ reboot adb reboot or adb shell reboot
i guess this is the most complete list : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_android_devices if you wanna see in % -> http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-versions.html
no , official or custom firmware are only to be used with the device specified in its name using a different phone model may result in your hard bricking your phone is there a reason why you want to use a different phone model firmware over your own ?
the superuser website explains it as such : ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) .
if you combine two apps , this is possible . of course , root is required on your device to backup app data , as you certainly know . now the first app you will need is titanium backup . this app not only creates a backup of all apps , app data , and even system data on your sd-card , contains several useful tools for maintenance , and can schedule its actions -- it also allows pushing the backups to dropbox . but yes , i read you did not target the cloud , so here comes number two : foldersync can sync your files/directories ( and thus also your backup folder on the sd card ) with several cloud services as well as with your own servers , using e.g. ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or samba ( windows share ) for the latter . while there is no real alternative to titanium backup , there are some to foldersync : titanium media sync from the same author as titanium backup supports dropbox plus ftp , sftp , and ftps . and ftpsyncx supports ftp , ftps ( ssl ) , sftp ( ssh ) , samba , and dropbox . i use the pro version of the latter , and so i can tell you first-hand it works nice via wifi -- you can even tell it to only sync when connected to your home wifi , and run in certain intervals . i almost forgot there is a tool that could serve both purposes , backup and sync in one : rsync backup for android . but it may be a little more complicated to setup , and it requires ssh on the remote side -- not a realy show-stopper if your pc runs linux : )
i know it is typically frowned upon to answer your own question , but i have . this was a total pebkac . i use a different calendar app than the default , so i disabled the pre-installed samsung calendar in the application settings in order to stop it appearing in my application list . this is fine and does not affect anything , but i apparently got a little trigger happy and also quite stupidly disabled the calendar storage process . yeah , that'll mess up calendar sync something fierce .
there is a chinese file inside the folder and is app-specific , as suggested by @izzy .
you can : during the registration process , insert a phone number of your property . wait until whatsapp tells you to manually input the code you should have received via sms at the number you had selected . once you have completed these steps , you will be able to use your whatsapp account from your phone using wifi connection . if you could not verify your number , follow the official guide provided by whatsapp . if you are told that it can not connect to your wi-fi , click here to see the related article on the whatsapp faq .
yes you can if you still have contacts in your mobile and already registered on whatsapp with a number .
usually recent versions of android handles these network switching automatically . when you are connected to wifi , your content would be streamed via wifi connection . you can confirm this the mobile network symbol - h/h+/e/4g would not be available in the status bar of the mobile . usually , android manages wifi and mobile network automatically , i.e. , when both wifi and mobile internet is enabled and if wifi is avaialble , mobile internet is not used . when u leave the wifi network , you would get connected via mobile data . hope this helps : )
i built on top of izzy 's comment having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent . it really means that every client -- i mean every -- such as mutt in server , evolution in desktop , k9 in android , online settings such as gmail-labels/filters , ios email more here , desktop settings such as here and here -- must have corresponding settings . if one part is missing , your imap mailbox will not work over multiple devices or it has limited capabilities . i gather below some errrors that i had to fix in order for imap work over multiple devices . walk-through 'You have sent a message in a trashed conversation...' -- fix this error in gmail , more here . it may be because of filters or wrong setups . gmail folders are called "Labels" , make sure you have cross in a visibility -button , more here . in mutt , make sure you have the record line correctly like this : set record=/home/users/hhh/mail/Sent in ipad , make sure this here again and make sure Settings &gt; Mail, Contacts, Calendars &gt; Your@Email.com &gt; Account &gt; Advanced &gt; Sent corresponds to your other settings -- not something like Sent Emails . in desktop , make sure your desktop client has right settings more here , here and here ( debian -biased questions ) . next time you may have the same problem with other folders such as Trash and Deleted Messages -- yes i know -- it is irritating that different email-clients use inconsistent terminology so you need to adjust every name and delete all extra folders/labels later . i hope you luck , my setup looks to work but i am still fighting with a minor issues such as removing extra directories in k9 , anyone knowing a solution to that ?
as with imap mails are stored centrally on the server , you can see all mails from all imap clients . you can automatically store sent mails to a " sent " folder ( instead of only send them and not storing them ) , which is configured on a per-client basis . i cannot tell for your desktop clients how to do this , but with k9 you can select the folder in menu &rarr ; more &rarr ; settings &rarr ; account settings &rarr ; folders &rarr ; folder for sent objects just in the folders menu , you will find some more special folders you can define ( e . g . for drafts ) . having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent .
i solved installing hackers keyboard of android market .
i solved this problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=upsoft.keyboard.qwertz.de qwertz keyboard with key ' z ' on the ' z'place and key ' y ' on the ' y ' place , but it is only for german and austria
i had this problem recently and was finally able to figure it out . . . your keyboard is set on quertz ( with a z ) . . . change it on your settings " keyboard and languages " to querty ( with a y ) . that will fix the problem . good luck ! ! !
i had the same issue , and solved it by doing this : open keyboard and click the settings icon click input language uncheck any languages you do not need this fixed the problem for me .
had the same problem . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> your keypad ( samsung keypad for me ) . force stop and then clear data . solved the issue for me .
are the y and z keys switched ? it sounds as if you have the wrong language set for your keyboard ( or your system , as it defaults to the systems language ) . some european keyboard layouts , possibly german , have a qwertz layout instead . settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings icon ) > input languages
i solved this problem here in the uk by changing language to english ( ireland ) keyboard was fine and the mic icon said en again too not de which it had changed itself to . after that i changed bk to uk and it was fine too . weird glitch .
if you are stuck on samsung logo -> unplug your device from computer -> go in recovery mode -> reset to factory . . and try again installing everything as it should be . also add your new rom into your storage , and when you are in recovery mode install the new rom and everything should be fine
the firmwares files you are trying to flash using odin have bootloaders removed and they are for s5570 while you have s5570i . you should download the firmwares that are specific to your phone from here http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/?page=3t=1o=1m=gt-s5570ir=1#modelsa 1 hope your problem gets resolved if it isnt till now . . .
heyy man try odin 1.84 it is good with galaxy mini http://www.4shared.com/get/zqfln-si/odin_v184.html
the cerberus app allows you to remotely track and wipe your android device , as well as a lot more . if you have root , you can install it as a system app , and it will survive a wipe - which is really handy , it can also be hidden from the app drawer . i believe that this app will be the most use to you . please not that i am not affiliated with cerberus at all , and am just a customer .
it stops for me as well , so i am lead to believe that it only stores so many in the database . looking at it , it seems to be limited to 20 pages ( it does not even get to ' c ' for me ) .
while writing the question i found the solution . explanation in odin mode , when the phone accepts a new recovery to be flashed , the original samsung recovery of 4.1 rom automatically does everything to avoid being flashed , that is actually re-flashing itself on reboot , just like a good ol ' computer virus ! solution run heimdall with --no-reboot flag , or if you are using odin for windows , uncheck the auto reboot checkbox . when flashed , physically remove battery and disconnect usb power supply . congratulations , you just have clockworkmod recovery installed ! !
it needs factory reset to get it off , is it true ? a factory reset will clear all personal data liked with your google account and all other data , settings , and apps that you have downloaded . will factory reset delete everything including pre-installed app ? your pre-installed apps will not be deleted . however , your data for those apps will be deleted ! so the pre-installed apps will still be there , it will be like you are using them for the first time . factory reset is simply resetting your device to the original image of the current rom . this youtube video is a good resource to learn more about factory reset .
by pre-installed do you mean system apps , or do you mean apps that you downloaded of google play ? it is true that you have to reset your device to get rid of the first google account you added . system apps ( that came with the phone ) will not be erased , but their data will . custom downloaded apps ( that you downloaded off google play and installed ) will be erased .
what is factory reset ? first , the word " factory reset " might be a bit misleading -- as one can easily tell by your first comment to your question : if the device ships with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) pre-installed , and after a while offers an update to e.g. ice cream sandwhich ( android 4.0 . x ) which you perform -- a factory-reset thereafter will not reset it to gingerbread . to understand what happens at a factory reset , you need to know some of the way android 's file system works . to make that easier to understand , i will abstract ( and simplify ) this a bit : there are multiple partitions created on the storage of the device . a few examples include : /system , which normally is " read-only " . here the android system incl . its pre-installed apps reside /data , which is " read/write " . here go all the user 's data , incl . the apps ( s ) he installs there are some more partitions , which i will ignore for this example . with a new device , /system contains the android system plus pre-installed apps , as stated above -- while /data is empty . that is the " factory state " , we could say . now you switch your device on , and go through the wizard : creating/configuring your account etc . these data are stored in /data . so will the apps you download from the playstore , etc . a factory reset now will return your device to " factory state": it will wipe all data it can . as /data is read/write , it will get wiped . /system is read-only , so it will not get wiped . this includes the pre-installed apps . your google account data have been stored in /data , so they will get wiped apps you have installed from the playstore were stored in /data , including their settings and data -- so they will be gone as well . the google account linked as you can see from above description , a factory-reset will " unlink " the connected google account . in my eyes , that is like i want to delete a file : sure , when i format the entire disk the file is gone . . . so there must be other ways which keep your data intact . at least in earlier versions of android , there was a different approach ( not sure if that still works , though ) . as a factory-reset as the " last ressort " would either delete all your personal data , it does no harm to try the following in advance : if it still works , great -- if it does not , you still can do the reset : from your homescreen , open settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps one after the other , open all google apps you can find ( gmail , playstore , gtalk , google storage . . . ) and press the " delete cache " plus " delete data " buttons . if they are greyed out , you might need to " force stop " the app first ( there is another button for that ) reboot your device if this trick still works , your account should be gone by now ; maybe even the wizard will pop-up again automatically . side effects one thing to keep in mind when changing the linked google account are your payed apps . they are bound to the account you have bought them with -- so they might stop working when that account is no longer there , and most will do so . if you no longer want to use your old account , you need to buy them again .
the galaxy tab is pretty much like any other android device . you can transfer images to it , but not directly from , say , your camera . it does not have usb ports on it for external devices , like thumb drives . connecting to a nas , out of the box , also really is not possible . the device does not support mounting nas ( nfs and cifs ) out of the box . you could use some file manager applications that do support samba , like astro file manager . but you would have to copy the file to the tab before you can watch a video or listen to the mp3 for example . with that said , it would be possible , if rooted , to install the modules needed to mount nas shares . i have done this with my galaxy s device . the advantage of being able to mount the share on the system level , i no longer have to copy the files over to the device , since the shares are mounted on the device , it " thinks " they are actually on the device .
if your camera has an eye-fi card - a storage card with wifi - it might be possible to transfer files ( although i am not in a position to verify this , atm ) via wifi . as of now , there is no way to directly connect an external storage device to the galaxy tab .
the charging coil is embedded into the back panel of the phone and is located directly over the battery , as shown in steps 7 and 8 of ifixit is teardown . the battery is not quite non-replaceable , as the above mentioned teardown shows . it is somewhat involved to replace it ( you will need a torx screwdriver , a philips screwdriver , a plastic opening tool , and some patience ) , but it is perfectly doable . if you are wanting something that will work for sure , the official wireless charger would probably be your best bet . however , it is not exactly cheap at $50 . i personally use this charger with my galaxy s3 , which i added a wireless receiver to . i find it works well and charges right through my lifeproof case .
this is not a rumor : the notification history is a true feature from android 4.3 , although they do not make any mention of it in their what is new page . the following steps will allow you to take advantage from the notification history in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3: go to your app drawer , then tap the widgets tab . scroll until you reach settings shortcut ( 1x1 ) widget . drag and drop this widget to your home screen . you will see a screen where you can select the type of settings this shortcut will open . select notifications . the shortcut notifications will be in your home screen , tap it . the screen notifications shows the notification history we are talking about . in this screen currently active notifications appear in full intensity , while dismissed ones are dimmed . tapping in each notification from this screen will open the corresponding app info screen , where you will be able to toggle the option show notifications as you wish . remember : if you turn off notifications for an app , its icon will disappear from the status bar , all its notifications will be dimmed in the notification history screen , and you may miss important notifications about this app from now on . only do this if you are completely sure .
whilst the play store icon is still available , it does not seem to work on a restricted profile - pressing it on my nexus 7 results in : you do not have permission to use google play store . note that google play store does not even appear in the list of apps you can enable . the settings app is still there , as it allows the user to force stop running apps , etc .
that is the stock recovery screen . when you are on that screen ( with the ' dead ' android ) you need to hold the power button and then press the volume up button . that should get you into the recovery . if you install a custom recovery then you will not see this screen , it will go straight into the custom recovery . unless you need to install a custom recovery you can use your phone with the stock recovery .
the wildfire s uses a microusb cable , same as the galaxy sii , it should work fine
generally you simply use the power button to re-enable the screen ( if the proximity sensor does not automatically do it ) and hit " end call " . however , some people like to be able to do it with their hardware buttons , which is addressed in this question : hang up using button
you could also try to just add the words you use most of the time , even it is from a different language . that is what i do . when i am using one language , and i need a word that is available in the other language , i just type it and add it to my personal dictionary . over time i will have two dictionaries who will probably both have the words i use the most .
swype from swype symbol to q to quickly change between two most recently used languages . http://forum.swype.com/showthread.php?1253-easy-language-change-on-the-keyboard
you can long-press on the letter q to quickly change language on swype
looks like you can use llama to achieve this ( wow , llama can do what tasker can not ? or does tasker just not mention it in its manual ? ) . basically , it should work like this ( taking from one of it is screenshots on the playstore app page ) : when " charging at home " => enable wifi hotspot i know , that is not exactly what you described . but it should give you a raw idea . get yourself the free llama app from the playstore , and take a closer look at its possibilities . you might find a " rule " closer to your requirements there . alternatively , there are other automation apps available ( like e.g. the mentioned tasker ) . one of them might do the job better for you ( e . g . offering " usb connected " as condition , and " enable usb tethering " as action -- i would wonder if llama could not do that as well ) . at least , this example should have got you started .
most superuser apps do not allow adb su access by default . depending on the app you used the option may vary in location , but basically you need to go to settings in the superuser app and change it from " apps only " to " apps and adb . " this should allow you to use su in an adb shell .
no , apps installed outside google play do not affect statistics . those apps are considered to be coming from Unknown sources , and you cannot install them if you do not manually allow ( or check ) them in Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown sources .
you can use font installer . this app requires root .
my motorola defy has this capability . my phone is running android 2.1 . when you hold your finger over the text field , it will pop up a zoomed in window that allows you to move the cursor with your finger to edit text .
just download an app from the market called phoneusage . it will track how many minutes , text messages , and data you use . you can even view a break down of which apps use how much traffic , and it only tracks over 3g , not wifi .
the sync traffic for gmail/facebook/weather/ . . . is neglectable ( if you have normal text messages with small attachments ) . for skype voice calls , you should estimate 4-7 kib/s ( ~ 25 mib/h ) . users always underestimate the 1gb included traffic . i had the same thought , that it could get tight at the end of the month . but i forgot that : at home and at work my phone uses wlan and therefore does not utilize the data plan 1gb is very much , if you just do some surfing/browsing . ( of course , if you start downloading dvd images or some kind of torrents , the 1gb will be consumed fast )
almost all file manager apps support renaming extensions . install one from play store . some best ones are : solid explorer , es file explorer , astro file manager , root explorer .
there is missed message flasher in the play market . note : i have not actually tried the app .
is there a limit on how long a ringtone can be ? if not , you can select a loud and annoying ringtone , create a sound file that contains this ringtone in a long loop and use that file as a ring tone . one caveat is that i do not think you can not abort a notification sound .
the problem has been solved . my device ( 3g ) had android 4.2 installed initially . however the multiple user functionality is only available with android 4.2.1 . my device did not show the udpate . today it did - no idea why - and now the item is visible .
according to the user 's manual , there is not a setting that locks the primary shortcuts . so i would suggest turning the phone off and then restarting it . here are the instructions from the user 's manual for adding and removing primary shortcuts . perhaps there is a step here that you have missed . you can change any of your primary shortcuts with the exception of the apps shortcut . the primary shortcuts are the bottom row of app shortcuts that remain static on all home screens ( by default phone , contacts , messaging , internet , and apps ) . note : before replacing a primary shortcut , you must first add the replacement shortcut to the home screen . press to display the main home screen . touch and hold the primary shortcut you want to replace and then drag it to an empty space on any home screen . scroll through the home screen to find the shortcut you want to add as the new primary shortcut . touch and hold the new shortcut and then drag it to the empty space in the row of primary shortcuts . the new primary shortcut will now appear on all home screens .
following an ota upgrade to android 4.1.1 , this problem appears to have been fixed . on unlocking , the clock widget immediately shows the correct system time .
from your description . . it would appear that the widget is just polling ( ntp to internet timeserver ) , rather than ever trusting the inbuilt ( battery backed ) clock . this could simply be a design decision / flaw .
from the system requirements for adobe air 3: armv7 processor with vector fpu , minimum 550mhz , opengl es 2.0 , h . 264 and aac hw decoders android™ 2.2 , 2.3 , 3.0 , 3.1 , 3.2 , or 4.0 256mb of ram android web browser
i would recommend setting up a separate google account for using the play store , which you use only for that purpose . this is more generally a useful , if insufficient response to a lot of google 's connect-everything strategy .
no , there is no other way . you must have a gmail account to download from google play store . from their site : to use google play to download android apps , you will need to have a google account with a google email ( either gmail or a google-hosted domain ) associated with your phone or tablet . if you do not like gmail , you do not have to use it . just disable the syncing for emails , and you will be fine .
there is 1mobile.com. i install this to get most of my apks . then , i delete it because it is like goo play and wants to run all the time . if i want another apk , i reinstall it , get the app , and uninstall . then , there is also : gooapk .netgizom 's appsapk papk apktop etc gooapk should keep you busy for a day or two . i am getting a divorce from googirl myself . and " oh looky " , a sign-in with googirl for posting on a how to not use googirl blog . awesome !
i know the K stands for kitkat , but not sure what the others mean . you might want to check the codenames , tags , and build numbers documentation for more information . KRT16M would refer to android-4.4_r1 , the Initial KitKat version, Nexus 5 (hammerhead) .
per this : . . . the first letter is the release family ( e . g . kitkat ) , second letter is the branch code ( release or testing ) , and the next three characters indicate date code ( quarter beginning in q1 2009 , day number within quarter ) .
the easiest way : if you had rather not receive notifications , you can disable some or all of them . here 's how : click ' settings ' at the top of your friends list . highlight ' notifications ' along the left side of the settings window . uncheck the boxes next to the notifications you do not wish to receive , or check the box next to ' disable all notifications . ' click ' ok . ' source : https://support.google.com/talk/answer/24742?hl=en alternative methods : if you are running jelly bean , you can go to the app details , disable the app and uncheck the option to show notifications . click here to see how . if not , you can do one of the following things : root : root your phone and install titanium backup . you can uninstall google talk so it will not bother you again . non-root : delete the app by running an update script which removes the app . click here to view how exactly . you should only delete the /system/app/Talk.APK .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
in the android terminal , you can enter the command mount to view what has been mounted . for a graphical extended view and to view if it gets mounted at boot , you can install the shareware app ezymount .
as far as i know , android is not setup to use hosts . allow and hosts . deny however , it is setup to use a standard hosts file in /system/etc/hosts unfortunately , it does not support wildcards , so it might be difficult to limit the device to a single domain via that method . iptables probably are your best bet - perhaps you could post the rules you attempted , and i can see if there is anything that could be causing them to run too slow ?
i think it is safe to say that any modern equipment today will stop charging when the battery reaches full charge . and if it stays on the charger , the device will be powered on by the charger and the battery will not run down . so leaving the equipment plugged all the time should be the equivalent of leaving the device turned off with a full battery inside . as it is said in the reply mentioned in the comments , the best thing to do when storing a battery for a long time is to leave it to 40% charge , but 100% will not harm the device unless you leave it for a very long time . as an example , since batteries are limited in their amount of charge cycles , it is better to leave it on the charger if do not use the device for a couple of days than to disconnect and reconnect it every day and use some of the cycles . personally , i have a 1st gen ipod touch that is docked most of the time , even for up to a complete month , and the battery is almost at full capacity even after 3 years .
i do not know about your specific device/battery but here is a rather detailed article on the battery in android phones and the app used in the article to log battery information is called currentwidget if the article is representative of most smart phones , which i suspect it is , to maximize your battery life your phone does an initial charge to 100% and then maintains the battery at about 93% . my takeaway is that it is good to leave your phone plugged in and charging when you can but it is not good to frequently plug and unplug your phone .
there are at least two apps which correspond with your wishes : scanthing ocr explicitly announces your request ( ocr with tts ) 1 , and also google goggles 2 seems to support it : while the former wants to be paid ( ~eur 4 ) but fully supports what you want , the latter is free -- but i am not sure whether it reads text via tts .
you can " recalibrate " face unlock by switching to another type of lock screen and back , as this causes a new reference image to be taken . meanwhile you can unlock the device with secondary measures ( either pin or pattern unlock ) .
yes it should work , since the face recognition technology in android ics is designed to match the face with the help of points of recognition as shown bellow . majority points will be applied on the facial parts . so it should recognize your face .
yes many people experienced problems . have a look at : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=1c21a7e3690388b0hl=en where a google employee is asking for information on the problems people are having and asking them to submit bug reports . here 's the generic bug report link for nexus s with ics : http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/request.py?contact_type=android_bugreport
you can connect through adb and run a backup , does not require root , however the process is different for different phones .
there is no official upgrade to 2.2 for x8 xperia , wikipedia says . you can install a third-party rom , though -- it seems the latest cyanogenmod 7.1 is available for this device . which is even better , considering that rom is based on gingerbread 2.3 instead of froyo .
this could count as a good sign : there should not be such a thing as " unused ram " . linux and android in special do a good job to make the best use of it by caching things . if there is any ram not currently needed by running apps , it can be used to keep e.g. pieces of the file system for faster access -- which also helps to save battery life . once there is additional ram needed , those caches are the first things to be cleared . for more details , i recommend to take a look at the following related questions and their answers : 0 ram free on ics are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have ?
unless you had a back-up , it would be impossible to go back to a previous state . however , if you enabled google sync , you can still restore your contacts , calendar , and other google-syncable data . after a factory reset , you will be asked to log-in to your google account again . after which , it may ask you if you want to re-install some apps that you paid for previously . it will not install the free apps ; you may want to install them manually .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
you can always put the files on an sd card and transfer them to your internal storage from there , but as was said in the comments , if something happens during the process and you are unable to boot your phone , the only way to recover from that is to reflash it from the computer , using the usb cable . you can use titanium backup to back all of your apps up onto the sd card , and hopefully you keep everything you can backed up through google , but you still would have an unusable phone if something happened .
on xda , in the user profile of astarioth , there is a link mentioned in the " most thanked " tab : https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vprplelu9zx7s2o/kindle_fire_usb_driver.rar?dl=1 ( and this is the xda post thanked for ) . the name of the .rar archive suggests it holds your wanted drivers -- and the quote [ . . . ] uninstall your old kindle usb driver and install this one . confirms my guess : ) now , why did not you find it in your sdk directory , you might ask ? guess that is as it goes with apples and peaches . you assumed google 's android sdk -- while amazon has its own android sdk . and that line most likely referred to the latter , while you have the former installed . also only a guess -- but i would say i guessed right again ? you might want to read setting up your development environment , take a special look at the section installing sdk add-ons . if you work with eclipse , this gives you another source to get to the kindle drivers .
open whatsapp , either press the ... overflow button in the top right corner of the screen , and select Settings , or press your phone 's menu button , and then select Settings . then select Notifications , which should be the bottom option on the list at the moment , and tap Notification Tone . this will let you browse to find another sound file to use for your whatsapp notifications .
i am not entirely sure about that , but i think you can do the same if only the game supports it . the game has to make use of google play services to do the same . look for it in the game options . i am a programmer so i know a bit . : )
cross device save as explained by boggartfly , is to be enabled by the game developer to use google play services . however , if the game does not support the feature , you can always sync the game 's data saved in /data folder of android across the devices . unfortunately , that tends to be a root-only option , since reading/writing from/to /data folder requires root access . if you are willing to root your device , datasync allows syncing of data across devices over wifi/bluetooth/google drive/dropbox/nfc . it is easy to use once you have understood the mechanics of it . this applies to all the applications on your devices not just to games .
just from my readings , i think choosing the option to clear credential storage ( removes all certificates ) may allow swipe . even if there are no certificates , you may need to explicitly use that option to clear certificates .
it is likely you are running an emulator that has not included some of the google apis that chrome needs . when you create an avd , when you select a target and api level , you also select either " android apis " or " google apis " . it is possible that chrome needs an emulator that has the google apis included . ( maps , etc . . . ) also . . . is your emulator running as arm or intel atom x86 ? i have noticed that some downloaded apks will not run on the emulator in x86 mode . i was able to get it working using an emulator with these settings . it is not fast , but it works : pic or it did not happen : hope that works for you .
google image search seems to be doing something funny with the way it shows you image previews . what you need to do is when you run your image search you should see the grid of all the picture results : tap the picture that you are interested in and it should appear larger on a black background . when that first loads you should see something that looks a bit like a toolbar above the image . the toolbar disappears after a few seconds , just tap the image again to get it to reappear . you should see a view full size " button " if you tap that the image appears actually full screen and now you can long-press on it and save it as normal .
you can also do one thing . . . rather then again installing the apps on the new tablet . . . install es file explorer on your old tablet . . . goto app manager and tale backup of all apps . . and then send that folder to new device . . and without any internet connection . . install all the . apk ( application ) files your want . . ! !
yes , there is , both from the device , or using google play on a ' regular computer ' . using your mobile device open the google play store app touch the play store icon and select my apps . visit the all category . select an app you’d like to install , then touch the install button on the app’s detail page . using your computer visit your my apps page on google play . select an app to view its detail page . click the button that says install or installed and select the device where you’d like to install the app . note : when an app shows an " installed " button on its detail page , it means that the app is installed on one of the devices associated with your google account . click install .
check this Call settings-&gt; Auto screen off/on during calls or just clean the proximity sensor with cloth
well- things have changed- as of today , all you need to do is backup the . apk files to your sd card using the backup app of your choice ( there are free ones like astro- ) and then get an app called " app installer " -- when you update the rom- you can re-install all of your apps with the app installer-- app installer has not been around too long-- i personally use titanium-- it has some good features , but it costs money . worth every cent , imho . also- you may not actually need to wipe the data and system before you update the rom--- so long as you are upgrading the rom and not switching to a different rom . ( if the chef says wipe , then wipe-- ) but a lot of times , you can get away with only wiping davlik+cache
it looks like google is afraid of being sued by apple for using " square icon with rounded corners " . there is an issu on http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=125076 . however there is information about fix version set to 25th release . i do not know if chromium and chrome versions have the same numbers , but last time i checked chrome it was on v . 22 . there is also a posted suggestion of introducing chrome specific android-icon .
did you take a look at settings → accounts and sync ? ( i am not sure about android 4.1+ , but at least on my lg optimus 4x this setting is there ) accounts and sync ( click image for larger variant ) as the screenshot shows , here you can define what to sync . green arrows to the right show what is to be sync'd , gray ones what not . for some apps , you even can tap the app to specify it more detailed .
there is no default sound recorder in android . some manufacturers add one to their stock roms , but the closest thing on a nexus device is google keep , added in 4.3 . if you assume that a voice recording app is present in all android phones you will be caught out .
try downloading a file explorer like es file explorer , find the apk and select it . android should prompt to install from there . the selected answer you are referring to says to download astro - which is another file manager . i am not sure about the default android browser though .
if you have a samsung phone , some of them have separate " internal " and " external " sd storage . if it is on the external sd card , then you need this adress : file:///sdcard/external_sd/yourapp . apk
try pointing your web browser at 1.2.3.50 you may be able to turn off image compression or use adblock for firefox/chrome to blacklist the bmi . js file ?
you can perhaps run noscript ( firefox plugin ) and put the ip address as the only thing in the block list .
would the same thing happen if you used a vpn ? your isp would not be able to compress images if it did not know what the traffic was , right ? i found setting up a basic vpn to be pretty easy ; if you have a win 7 pc with an internet connection ( or a willing buddy with one ) you can set up a quick vpn using this guide : how to configure your computer to accept incoming vpn connections in windows 7 . with that working , try connecting to your vpn both from your tethered laptop and from the android phone itself . if it works you could investigate a more permanent vpn solution .
in firefox get add on " modify header " then go to extensions then go to modify headers click on options and add cache-control then no-cache .
to sum up the relevant information , let me quote from the q and a eldarerathis linked above ( all credits go to him , as this is from his answer there ) : a .dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik vm which android 's apps run on . i believe it is short for dalvik executable , but i am not sure if i am remembering that correctly . an .odex file is an optimized . dex file ( hence the ' o' ) , meaning that it has basically been pre-compiled for a specific platform . the advantage to this is that startup time is much faster since the vm does not have to perform any optimizing at startup/runtime . the disadvantages are 1 ) that it takes up some extra space and 2 ) an odexed app will not run properly if it is put onto another device , and it must have the associated . odex file to run at all . when you install an app , android will ananyze the .apk and setup the device 's dalvik cache with an optimized version of its code , so the app will start and run faster ( after a factory-reset of your device , it does so for all pre-installed apps -- and after wiping the dalvik cache , which is possible from the recovery menu with most customroms , even for all user apps -- which is why the first boot takes so much longer than subsequent boots ) . however , when an " odex " is found , it would simply be copied to the dalvik cache . as eldarerathis pointed out , the .odex was built for specific hardware ( reminds me of assembly ) -- so if that " specific hardware " is not the one used by the current device , you will certainly run into trouble .
try : removing sim restart phone then go to setting -wireless networks-more-mobile n/w-n/w operator here you select search mode manual then select your network in 2g mode ( ex . vodaphone 2g or airtel2g etc ) . make sure not to select a 3g network .
while it is unfortunate that the pin for encrypting the device is identical to the unlocking pin , encryption does still provide much more protection . there are ways to recover unencrypted data without unlocking the device . the main scenario encryption protects against is from an attacker removing the drive from a stolen phone and recovering data with forensic tools . there are some other scenarios in which encryption will protect your phone . if you have usb debugging enabled on a pre-jb device , an attacker can use adb to access data . on jb+ the computer accessing the device via adb must have been already authorized by the phone . additionally , an attacker could use an exploit to gain access over usb and even get root . unfortunately crypto will not protect you much in these scenarios because most people keep their devices on with the encryption key in memory at all times , so an attacker could still access the device over usb if debugging is enabled or use an exploit . so yes , you should encrypt your device with a strong pin/password if you do not want your data in someone else 's hands . edit : grammar/clarity
the main difference between an encrypted device and an un-encrypted device is that a code must be entered every time the device is booted on . does that simple layer of security add any benefits to your everyday life ? that is a question only you can answer . otherwise there is not much of a digital security benefit . the encryption security feature seems more practical in a theft situation . it would make it almost impossible for the everyday thief to use your private information against you . hope i helped in anyway . ( :
you could always use an app like this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.nick.cryptfs.passwdmanager i use it on my phone and it works very well , just make sure you read the instructions and keep them in mind . your phone also has to be rooted for this app to work though . i would say it definitely makes your data safer if your phone ever does get stolen !
encryption only becomes valuable if there is a risk that an attacker could use a software vulnerability to bypass the login screen . there have been some examples of this due to vulnerabilities in various apps ( e . g . viber and skype ) and devices ( samsung ) but presumably those flaws have been fixed by now . new vulnerabilities could however appear . if you have developer option usb debugging turned on , or if the device is rooted , there are many hacks that will bypass the screen lock ( here is one example ; there are many more discussed at xda-developers forum ) . however , on a factory default device ( no root , no developer settings ) of recent manufacturing and android version there are no known hacks that i am aware of that will bypass the lock-screen , except for occasional software vulnerabilities such as those mentioned above . on the other hand , if let 's say for example instead the encryption key was different from the pin code or password then encryption would definitely be worthwhile , because a possible scenario could then be that an attacker could obtain the pin code or password ( e . g . by reading the unlock pattern on the screen or brute force cracking the pin ) , but still would not be able to access the data on the phone since it would be encrypted with a very strong ( and different ) encryption key . note that if you have a rooted device there is a way to apply an encryption key that is different from the pin code or password . please see neopran 's answer .
i do not know how to change voice over cellular phone calls , but there is a voip calling app which allows you to change voice : voice changer calling .
there used to be an app called spoofapp that let you spoof your caller id and change your voice . it was a free app but you had to buy credits to use it . i tried it and it did work . the voice changer worked too although it sometimes sounded a little cartoonish . the app is now called phone gangster and i am not sure if it still works the same .
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
try lockbot pro - it has support for pattern lock or pin entry . but on eclair devices , it does not always work 100% . ymmv . also supports different themes and locking methods .
phonelocator pro has wipe after a number of unsuccessful attempts . lock device after 1 min/2 minutes . . . . .
depending on your needs , you may consider an applock program . it does not lock your phone , but it may provide the same purpose by locking any apps you want . for the particular app i use , smart app protector , ( my version is from amazon ) you can configure it to have unlimited retries ( which is the default ) , and you can configure it to use a pattern or pin . you can configure the relock delays as well , so you are not entering in a pin or pattern every single time you open a program .
simple answer : no . ics requires an armv7 processor . arm11 processors are armv6 , as such your tablet does not support ics . however , a rom maker may have ported it to your professor and hardware - i suggest you check forums such ad xda developers .
what tablet ? some can be updated by going settings> about> software update and follow the prompts ! or if you can not update that way you have to force up via a program on a computer , i recommend uberoid .
you might want to take a look at soundabout . one of its promises : detect or ignore that a headset has a microphone when plugged in . only used if the headphone/headset plug in/out detection is set to allow . which to me sounds like what you are looking for .
as workaround you can prefix the notebook names with non-alphabetic characters to control the sort order . for example i prefix my notebooks with zero to three underscore characters ( "_" ) to sort the notebooks in four groups , as so _notebook1 _notebook2 _notebook3 __notebook1 __notebook2 __notebook3 ___notebook1 ___notebook2 ___notebook3 notebook1 notebook2 notebook3 you can use any other renaming scheme you find appropriate in your case , for example , simply prefix the notebooks by numbers ( "1_" , "2_" , "3_" , and so on ) .
notebooks can only be sorted ( in the mobile app , it is the button to the left of the magnifying glass ) by : title note count user maybe you can request for custom sorting from evernote .
go to your phone settings menu . under Accessibility , click the checkbox for Power button ends call . be careful using this with bluetooth . i have accidentally ended calls because i wanted to put the phone in my pocket ; i pressed the power button ( do not want my touchscreen active : i might accidentally end the call ! ) , and the call ended .
power key end call will let you end a call by pressing the power key . this should solve your problem ; you can press the power key on any screen and end the current call .
yes you can . . while the call is active , press the home button . the current call will be minimize on the top notification bar . you can start any other app , while the call is still going on .
basically what you need to do is to install a custom rom on your phone . tweak the rom so that your app is included as a system app . if the user does a factory reset , the systems apps go back to their default state . you will want to test it out , though . i do not know if a factory reset wipes all the data for system apps ( clean slate ) or if it resets it to how the app was when the rom was installed . on top of that , though , a user who steals your phone may install a rom of their own . in that case , you are out of luck . as far as i know , there does not exist a custom recovery that can be password protected ( to keep people from installing another rom ) .
it depends on the phone , the operating system , and apps installed on it . older android phones do not activate the microphone unless it is required by an app ( e . g . phone , voice dictation , etc . ) newer phones such as google 's nexus 5 or motorola 's moto x for example , have a dedicated low-power audio processing module that can be configured to be always on , and listen for particular trigger phrases ( e . g . " ok , google " ) , even when the phone 's screen is off . there are some 3rd-party apps that mimic this functionality on phones without the dedicated sound processors , but at the expense of higher battery drain . generally such features can be disabled within the system or app settings . the religious implications of using a phone are up to you and your particular sect to determine . such discussions are out of scope of this site .
your phone 's mic will be turned off all the time . . it will be activated only when apps which uses mic for working for example talking tom , voice recorder etc and only when making calls
even i get same error when i have slower internet speeds . probably slow internet is the mere problem .
using a cache cleaner , i freed up some cache , netting me a little over 130 mb free space in the app storage . i then updated , and it worked . freeing the cache again after the update , i only had 100 mb left . i also saw that the cache for the play store was about 28 mb , so apparently that is the size of the download for the chrome update . using a disk analyzer , i found out that chrome ( after the update ) uses over 100 mb for the apk ( 103.5 mb ) . what i think happened , is that it downloaded about 28 mb , then unpacked that to 103 mb , then replaced the existing apk with that . so i needed 28 mb + 103 mb = 131 mb to do the update . to be honest , i think that is quite a lot . i am not sure if i will be able to do the next one . also , as noted in my other question , chrome uses quite a lot of data as well . it was at 25 mb when i asked that question , it is now a whopping 28 mb . i have no idea what is in there and no clue how to clean that other than deleting it all , which probably is not a good idea .
its actually ok to install gapps , or any other zip packages ( if they are meant to be flashed ) , after cyanogenmod has been installed . you had use the install zip from sdcard option while in recovery mode ( presumably clockworkmod , if you followed cm 's install guide ) to flash the gapps zip file . then reboot your device and after that you will notice that it will take a little longer to start up with a message saying " android is upgrading " . wait for that to finish and then you will see all of the google apps installed .
press the back button then the home screen button its kind of control then print screen on a desktop
if you are in an app , and push the back button , you will back out of the app . however , hold the back button , then go to the app while still holding the back button -- then press the home button , and you will have your screen shot of the app .
you are supposed to hold the back button for a long time , and then press the home button . when you hold the back button for a long time it does not close the application or take you back . this works from inside applications and even when the screen is locked . just try pressing the back button long enough .
i found a way ! first things first , hold onto the home button , and do not let go . then press the " back " button while still holding on to the home button . place another finger on the " back " button . you should now have two fingers holding both the back and home button . with your other hand , lock the screen and turn it back on . after unlocking the screen , go into the message thread you want to copy , and then take your fingers off the home and back buttons . voila ! the screen will capture the messages and you do not have to worry about backing out of it .
see these other two , older questions , about how to take screenshots : taking a screenshot of an android phone ? and can i screenshot my htc legend without rooting it ?
heck my 2 youtube videos about getting around hardware screenshots : http://www.youtube.com/user/improtherapy#p/a/u/0/yzlm6ayxdxw
as others have noted android does not support hindi ( or any other language that requires complext text layouts , except for arabic ) . here is the relevant bug post for hindi on gingerbread : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=12981 you can achieve some form of readability by installing a hindi font , but it will not shape properly . if you can not live with that , than you will need to install third party apps that support hindi . that said , the galaxy 5 and galaxy 3 sold in india ( the indian variant ) does have support for hindi , but not the galaxy s ! bug samsung about it .
you do not need to install fonts , if you want hindi to browse hindi websites . use sett hindi browser : https://market.android.com/details?id=lk.bhasha.sett.hindi it is an exclusive browser for hindi and it displays hindi well in any device having android 2.2 or above .
this xda post has instructions , summarized below : install hinkhoj dictionary and then go sms pro . open go sms , go to " appearance settings " hit " scan fonts packages " go to " conv . list customization " from " conversation list appearance " , choose " time and message font " and select " hindi hinkhoj dictionary " . it will automatically choose the " mangal " font . press the back button 3 times and choose to save the settings . now go to " conversation customization " from " conversation appearance " and change " incoming font " and " outgoing font " the same as above , and save this setting with different name . finally from both of " conversation list appearance " and " conversation appearance " apply the user defined settings as your saved name . exit the application and reboot your phone .
unfortunately samsung has not installed hindi font on the indian variant of the galaxy s . but there is a workaround . for this you will need root access . you can replace the droidsansfallback . ttf file which is located in /system/fonts/ on your phone with the font mentioned in the first post of this link http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=798380 . restart and enjoy . : )
there is no support for hindi or any other indian languages built-in , in all android versions up to and including froyo ( 2.2 ) . gingerbread ( 2.3 ) does support hindi as a language according to this post if you are looking for a hindi keyboard , you will need the hindiime apk from samsung - they are usually installed on phones that samsung sells in india . as a workaround , use opera mini for android - it renders unicode devanagiri fonts correctly .
you can not have email push notifications over pop3 . it is an old protocol and simply does not support push . it does not matter what client you use or what kind of mail server . if you can set up outlook to access gmail through imap instead of pop3 , and if outlook supports imap idle for push notifications , then you will get push notifications . otherwise , you might have to use a mail client that does support imap idle , such as k-9 mail .
factory reset only resets all user data , not the os itself . if your update failed for some reason , you had have to reflash the phone . you can find info on this in the xda-developers forum . note that since your phone is rooted , your warranty may be void . take this into consideration before you take your phone to the service center .
try blitz note . i have developed it exactly for such cases . it allows you to sketch an idea and instantly send it to your email . if you cannot find it on google play , here is the shortcut : http://volidar.com/blitznote
personally i just delete photos from my device every month , and with google+ photos its easy to see which have been uploaded and which have not .
dell voice aka fongo gives you a number . set up your number , log in , and run the app from any device .
let 's get this right the first time , shall we ? : ) several options that are offered so far seem to indicate a third-party app will be doing the dialing . however , dependent upon your geographic location , you may be able to activate the native dialer in the google nexus s . before proceeding , you will need to : 1 ) be based in the united states ( there are ways around this . . . ! ) , and ; 2 ) have a phone number registered for use within the united states ( required ) . 3 ) grab a beverage of choice . 4 ) not be busy for the next 45 minutes . tell everyone to pfo ( please fone others ) . 5 ) remove your sim-card from your google nexus s . let 's begin ! i : get google voice via web sign-up 1 ) get a google voice account . when going through the setup portion , you need to confirm a secondary number with the account . use your phone number that you have with your $20/mo phone . 2 ) grab an area code that you like ( as gvoice calls currently are free throughout usa and canada , but this may change ) . 3 ) goto settings , and enable google chat as a client that can make and receive phone calls . what if i have a us-based cellphone , but i am in country other than USA ? use a proxy or tor-based service , cloak your exit location with a us-based proxy , and sign-up for the service . btw , your welcome . ii : get google voice via android market 1 ) find " google voice " in the android market . alternatively , you can also find the * . apk with a quick google search if you can not access the installer via the market . 2 ) install " google voice . " 3 ) when asked about how you want google voice to process calls , select " as every time i make a call . " you can use other options , but just stick with this . iii : get sipdroid ( i-p-tel gmbh ) via android market 1 ) find and install sipdroid via android market . 2 ) open the program . upon first run , you will see the magical button at the bottom of your screen , which may be covered by a keyboard . get rid of the keyboard by pressing the back button or hide keyboard button . 3 ) tap the " new pbx linked to my google voice " button . at this point , you will be linking a free sip account with your google voice account . also , as passwords must be the same between accounts , the following situation happens : you are based in the united states the pbxes . org servers are in germany ( ? ) , and will ask permission to use your credentials to login to your google accout via their servers this causes google to think someone has hacked your account in germany . if you get this , do not worry . 4 ) get details for your sipdroid account credentials . username : it will be username-200@pbxes . org . ( the "-200" comes right after your username ) password : whatever password you used to register for the service . ( btw , my pw is hunter2 , but you should see stars . hahaha . ) 5 ) uninstall sipdroid iv : confirm account via pbxes . org 1 ) login to pbxes . org with your credentials ( from section iii , step 4 ) . 2 ) after login , go to " personal data " ( on the left-hand side ) . if you do not want your account deleted in 1 week , fill this out . fill out with your details , or use dummy data if you wish . i am sure alice , bob , john and jane doe have multiple accounts . . . : ) 3 ) goto Extensions , then Sipdroid &lt;200&gt; . in Device Options , you will see a password field . the password here has to match your google voice account . that way , pbxes can login to google voice . you can also set up your caller id here , so go crazy . 4 ) optional , but strongly suggested : make sure that the password to login to the web interface of pbxes . org is different from the one to your google voice account . v : putting the sip service on your nexus s this is where it get 's serious . actually , it is pretty easy . 1 ) go to your phone dialer . 2 ) tap the menu button to get Settings . 3 ) scroll down to INTERNET CALL SETTINGS , and tap Accounts . 4 ) check Receive incoming calls . yeah , you can be a jerk and only use your phone to call out , but what about the people who want to phone you ? just check it . unless you do not want anyone calling you . and if that is the case , why are you even following this guide ? 5 ) tap the menu button and tap Add account . Username and Password is what was listed in section iii , step 4 . Server is pbxes.org check Set as primary account tap Optional settings . at this point , check to make sure Transport type is TCP , and that your Port number is 5060 . you can probably use another port , but it seems to work . oh wait , port 5060 is the official sip port . go to : en . wikipedia . org/wiki/list_of_tcp_and_udp_port_numbers and search 5060 . so you use 5060 , and life will be good . do not be smart and say " i will use port--" no ! this is not a storm , you are not a sailor going to another port . you will use 5060 , and you will be happy with the choice . alternatively , port `5061' is sip over tls , but i have never used that and i am not sure if it would work . 6 ) save the account . vi : testing the phone if you have gotten this far without errors or crying , then try calling a number . 1 ) dial your number . from now on , dial with the following format : 1 - areacode - XXX - YYYY  that way , you do not have to worry about whether or not it is a local call or long-distance call . at this point , a nifty popup will show . it will state Complete action using . select Mobile Data , and tap Just once . that way , you can make it permanent after it works properly . 2 ) now you get something that pops up saying [warning triangle] Place call . you will tap ' internet call ' , as you ( i ) do not have a sim card in nexus s . at this point , it will dial the number . when connected , there will be a bit of an echo . why ? well , your call is probably routed the following way : it sound like there is a delay and echo yeah , because you are voice is going half-way around the world . always pause to let the other person finish . do this on your side by waiting 2 seconds before and after any speech . but i do not want delay it is free for north america ( us+cad ) . icing on top ? if you have a vpn based in either canada or the united states , have your android use that connection . that way , you can be in the uk , have a vpn connection to the us and phone someone in us or cad . friend : " where are you ? " you : " in whatever country via VPN connection" friend : " are not you paying a lot ? " you : " yes . can you wire me usd$100 ? i am in central australia right now , and the wifi from this wild dingo sucks . " friend : " . . . " you : " yes , the dingo has wifi . it is got a coin slot in it is butth--" friend : " i have got to g--" . you : " ok , bye . " friend : " bye . " the end
viber is a free call and messaging app . both parties should be on wifi to make this work .
it is not possible to have the same number on two different phones . on your nexus s , you could install skype . that will give you free voip for skype-to-skype calls . you do not need a number for this , just an internet connection ( and a skype account , which is free ) . take note , however , skype to mobile / landline is not free . for other alternatives , search for voip in google play . edit #1: i looked around and found ipkall . it gives you a free washington number . is this the kind of service you are looking for ?
those offsets are normally used in differential gps . a fix point ( station ) knows it exact location ( from manual measurments ) , calculates from the gps data the requred offset for correction and send this ( quasi constant ) offset ( ex . 2.5m sw ) to you . the assumption is that if you are close to this station the atomospheric error ( =offset ) is valid also for your position in some distance . im not too familiar with android , but you could send manipulated d-gps data maybe ? for radio those are send with rtcm ( radio technical commission for maritime services ) , ( you can get down to 2cm accuracy ) - for mobile phones you need to stitch to ntrip ( networked transport of rtcm via internet protocol ) : http://www.rtcm-ntrip.org/home most of them are non free/paid , so you need to look around ( if you really want there a ways to make your own low cost server ( raspberry pi . . ) ) would you still need offset if the accuracy is already very good ? boosting accuracy seems easier ! have a look at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lefebure.ntripclient ==> ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION - Used for routing external position data to other applications. but this solution has also it downsides :- (
this is application specific . for example , car navigation apps generally would snap your position to the nearest street when driving around . i am not aware if there is any way to set an offset for all applications , a rooted application would probably be able to do that .
what if you backed up all your data using titanium backup / mybackup pro or some such app , then unlocked the bootloader and finally restored the data ? that would then leave you with ( after some effort ) an unlocked phone and your data .
unlocking the bootloader will wipe your device . you can however get root access without unlocking the boot loader . if you then still want to unlock the bootloader , as you already have root access you can follow sparx 's advice and use a back up app before doing so .
if you want to save new message as draft , it works the following way : open hello sms and click on '+' button . type in your contacts and your message in their respective fields . you can exit app by pressing either ' back ' button or ' home ' button . both way it handles the draft . now when you again open app , just click on '+' button and you will have your previously entered contacts and your message body in their respective fields . update : if you want to save multiple drafts , it works the following way : open thread of the recipient to whom you wanna send text and type in your message . you can exit app and when you return again , just open respective recipient 's thread and you will find your draft message . you can have multiple drafts for multiple contacts in their respective message threads .
have you considered going back to stock rom ? you can flash it with odin and all your data will remain intact .
i think you should just flash another rom . you will still have all your data on the internal sd so no need to worry about that . this would wipe your /system . so what you want to do is follow the standard procedure of installing a new custom rom and you should be good to go without any data loss ( eg . pictures , videos etc . you still lose any app data not backed up on the cloud ) . a great site with recommendations which i use for my own phone is galaxys2root . some rom recommendations i can give you from my own personal usage are aokp jb mr2 , resurrection remix v5 . try to avoid the ones with battery drain issues and you should be fine . going thru the phone log with your phone not booting up is a hassle which is unnecessary in this case . just do the above and you will be fine .
this is the asus answer i received ! really , sweep it under the carpet . i cannot return this unit , is already over the return period time . . . . i own a tf 201 , i installed sketchbook pro . i also have an ipad 2 ( from work ) with the same same software . my issue , is the transformer prime , does not respond very well compare to the ipad . i truly wonder if this is a problem with the transformer since all application even skitch do not produce very smooth response be it with finger or capacitive stylus . rendering drawings on the prime , results in broken lines , circles which are not complete and always feel like the line has to " catch up " to your finger or stylus . this is not a problem i experience on the ipad . can you please advise if this is " working " as designed or is this a case of a screen not working to par ( and how to resolve or exchange ) ? this is truly proving to be a disappointment has drawing is a very important feature to me . more so since this works flawlessly on the ipad . my unit , has the latest firware updates ; iml74k . ww_epad - 9.4.2.15-20120221 touch panel : mxt- 2.0 build -170 thank you for choosing asus products . we apologize for the late response . it is only till your email sent to satisfaction-ca , i have picked up the case . regarding to the problem that you were/are having , i ams afraid asus will be limited to support your product since this is a third party software , and you might have to contact the vendor for technical support . given the fact that ipad and prime are equipped with different os , it is possible that the experience of using a complete identical software might varies . we are very sorry for the inconvenience induced in this matter . please let us know if further questions and concerns raised . your kind understanding is greatly appreciated . tom wang asus canada 802 cochrane drive , unit 2 markham , ontario , l3r 8c9 canada fax : 905-489-2717 tom , are you kidding ? this is the same with any drawing apps , or note taking application . the asus screen is not as responsive and not responsive enough . i am using android designed software for ics , other users are doing the same and having the same issue . you cannot really tell me this is working as designed ? even user with the original transformer are saying their older screen was more responsive compared to the new one ! come on asus be responsible and add this to the list of must have fixes ! thanks ,
take a look at these tests , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhpfki6l1-0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk9nwirngvkfeature=related it is normal for touchscreens to respond like that . ios devices have some kind of secret algorithm that " knows where you meant to touch " , therefore , the test seems smoother on the iphone . . .
i also have this issue and am very disappointed . i wanted an asus transformer prime to replace my motorola xoom , but the xoom performs much better in this respect . so in my opinion this issue is not ' normal ' . it could be solved . i hope asus will solve it with a software update . for now , i am not getting rid of my xoom just yet . . . diagonal lines - asus transformer prime , ice cream sandwich , sketchbook pro http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/431758_3527187543462_1385384958_3521467_500841800_n.jpg diagonal lines - motorola xoom , honeycomb , sketchbook pro http://a7.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/419885_3527179823269_1385384958_3521461_686500589_n.jpg
there is a chance that this issue can be softened at an application level . ( changing the device 's reported position itself would be better but not possible without changing the kernel as far as i was informed ) . this is an example of some diagonal lines i have drawn myself ( can not post image ) : http://s9.postimage.org/9hr2fsddb/primedef.png i tried to simulate this deformation effect ( left ) , and then i applied a function to every " detected " point to try to put it in the right location ( right ) . this is the outcome : http://s9.postimage.org/6ctxtdmkv/primedeformation2.png i posted this idea in forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1516716 . the writepad app dev said he would try this but he has been really busy so i still have not any reports on whether this works or not .
what do you mean by having a " a bar " on the sim card ? i do not fully understand your situation but i will try to give you an answer you can work with . i have checked out giffgaff and apparently this is a pre-paid network in the uk . let 's forget about internet for a second . can you make calls with the giffgaff sim card in the phone ? if you can , then you know your phone is not locked . get a giffgaff sim card . unlock your phone ( if not unlocked already ) . activate your sim card online . top it up . check out the joining giffgaff guide . when you are done with all that you need to receive and apply the mms and internet settings . i believe giffgaff will send you a special sms message as soon as you activate your sim card . this is a special kind of sms that holds your internet and mms settings . the phone will usually prompt you to save the settings . if you do not get this prompt you need to check the phone user manual . if you do not receive the sms you need to re-send it from the giffgaff website ( if possible ) or contact giffgaff to have them send it to your phone number . this covers the automatic method of setting mms and internet settings . this can be also done manually ( recommended only for experienced users ) . in that case you will need to configure the apn and mms settings . these are the details you will need to put in the phone . for internet : APN - Access Point Name: giffgaff.com Login - Username: giffgaff Password: password  for mms : you can find a more complete guide here . for settings these values in android , you will find a guide here . android might ask you for details like mnc and mcc . the details above are usually enough , but here are the more complete details you will need for manually configuring mms and internet access on android . you will find a step by step instruction here . for instructions specific to your samsung device you will need to see your user manual for the phone . you should have received a printed copy with your phone , but if you did not receive it or have lost it you can find it online here . for further assistance please contact giffgaff here . you will need to log in with your username and password . there is also a community forum here . same thing here , to ask questions you need to log in with a username and password . you are probably better off presenting your problem to the giffgaff community than asking here at android se , as these are giffgaff users who probably better understand how this network works and what the requirements are than any average user here at android se would know . if you still need samsung specific instructions for setting up internet and mms , drop a comment here below . good luck !
point 1: the error u have shown regarding cant mount **** has nothing to do with your phone bricking . its just compilation errors in building cwm recovery ( i blv this is the one u hv used ) point 2: unbricking by use of odin is by far the easiest way to get ur phone back and working . this link will help you if u follow it properly link point 3: regarding your driver issue i have a solution which will definitely solve ur problem ( as it worked with me thrice . . ! ) install samsung usb drivers software which u will find in the above link . put ur phone in download mode connect it to the pc after it fails to recognize the drivers , go to device manager and check for " unknown " device select options manual installation > select from list select samsung adb driver proceed to odin flashing . . . !
i found that if you install another reading app , then when you open an epub it will offer the choice of reading apps and you can pick the default one " reader " . you can then delete the extra reading app .
this is an easy problem to fix , i believe @bryandenny already mentioned it . go to the stock android messaging app . click the overflow menu button down in the lower left hand corner ( it looks like three boxes stacked on each other ) . select " settings " from the pop-up menu ; should be the first option . under " multimedia ( mms ) messages , uncheck the item that says : " group messaging- use mms to send a single message when there are multiple recipients " .
i am afraid this is not possible , at least with the builtin apps . all of the sync profiles are client-side , and can not act as sync servers . furthermore , normal android phones do not support ad-hoc wifi connection , so you had need to connect through a router or possibly with bluetooth . some of these can be achieved manually over bluetooth , such as sending photos and contacts , but you had have to manually select which files to send . for photos , go to Gallery , select the photos you want to send , and tap the Share icon and select Bluetooth . after this you need to select the other device , assuming it is paired . a similar menu should be found in your Contacts app .
there is an Android app called bump in the market , that can do what you asked for . you need to make sure that the receiver has the app on his phone as well , and then you are good to go ! . it is an app based on NFC and it can used for transferring contacts , photos and even web pages . hope this helps .
have a look at http://www.fjsoft.at/en/ i gave found it works well , and its easy
make sure your default text-to-speech engine is picotts ( from settings ) . install and start a sound recording app ( there are many in play store ) . send it to background and use speaking pad .
like al said , it is most likely a hardware problem , but to address the title question : you can roll the notification area up with the back button .
you might need to reset the battery stats anyways . drain the phone entirely -- when it shuts off , turn it on again until it shuts off again and repeat until it will not turn on . then wipe the stats and charge to 100% with the phone off ( leave it plugged in for an hour or so after it appears to be fully charged ) . turn it on , drain it again , and charge to 100% while off again without wiping the stats this time . of course , if you are not rooted you can not wipe the stats , but the drain/recharge cycles should help regardless by providing fresh stats .
install droidmote server on the one you want to be controlled and droidmote client on the one with which you want to do the controlling .
i do not think you should need to use losetup , however , if you are using android 4.2 , the path to your sdcard may be the issue . in android 4.2 , that has been changed due to support for multiusers on tablets . you would likely need the full path rather than the " shortcut " that has been set up for simplicity by android . that path would be /storage/emulated/0/nandroid/...data.img . but , i believe android will support mounting it directly with the mount command ( it is what i have used a few times in linux , although , i have never tried in android ) . mount -o loop /storage/emulated/0/nandroid/...data.img /mnt/wherever keep in mind , you will need to be root and the directory you want to mount it to needs to exist before you run the command . and when you do mount it , if you mount it over a directory that has content in it , it will prevent access to that content ( it is not gone , but unaccessible until it is unmounted ) .
if you do not insist to mount them directly into the local file system , but just to access their contents , you might want to take a look at nandroid browser : nandroid browser has a really simple purpose : extract and use single files from your nandroid backups . browse your nandroid backups save files anywhere send files open files currently supports nandroid backups stored as yaffs2 images ( . img ) as wells as ext4 images ( . ext4 . tar ) . a second candidate turned up after i found the first : nandroid manager : view basic info about your nandroid backups . explore contents of nandroid backup . extract files from nandroid backups . ( more features listed ) . needless to say that those apps of course need root . but if you have a nandroid backup , you surely will have root as well , right ? : )
there is an application that deletes unused playlists from the database . see http://roryok.com/blog/2010/07/23/clearing-out-deleted-playlists-in-android/
i have a moto droid , and believe it or not , i had to do a factory reset on the phone ( settings -> privacy -> factory data reset ) to get rid of the playlists that i erroneously put on the sd card . after the phone rebooted , it reactivated my service and restored the apps i had previously downloaded from the android market . the customizations i had made to my home screen needed to be redone , and the device needed to re-fetch all of my google data ( contacts , calendar , etc . ) they really need to come up with a better solution to that , but thankfully , i had not done much with the phone , so i did not have many things that i needed to setup again .
go to settings , applications , manage applications , [ menu button ] , filter , all find the media storage app , and clear data . this deletes everything ! artists , albums , playlists . ( data still on card ) plug in , mount usb . eject . go back into music , and wait ( a lot if you have more than a few tracks . ) note : if the music app shows no changes , try force stopping the media storage app . the app showed no cache or data to clear , but force stopping it then opening the music app worked for me .
if you long click on a text box , you have the option to change the keyboard to any you have enabled under Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Keyboard . maybe you accidentally switched it ; )
i have both the iconia a500 and the transformer tf101 . both output just fine to tvs with hdmi . there is a little bit cropped off the image in both cases and the home - back - recent buttons do not show on the tvs , nor does the notification panel , all suggesting that it is not really an external monitor type feature , only to play back movies etc on the big screens .
add and hl=pl to the end of the url . ( so it becomes https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.touchtype.swiftkeyhl=pl ) this will force the play store to change to polish entirely , and display the polish version of the site , not just the translation . ( works for all google sites , and all languages ) it will remain in polish until you close the page or tab .
it sounds like android device manager may not have administrator privileges . go to : Settings/Security/Device Administrators/  and make sure that android device manager is checked . if it is not , check it and agree to the popup . then you should be able to enable it in the google settings app .
you have to setup the lock and erase first ! this just means clicking that button then setting up a service on android to allow the android device manager to manage the device . the nexus 4 has this built in , so there is no need to set it up . but as you have already clicked it , its a matter of checking if your phone has a good internet connection and can connect to google . also make sure that the android device manager is installed on the android device in question
it is now the morning after the evening i wrote this question . my lock and erase settings are now automagically present in android device manager . i have not changed any settings or powered off the phone , it was just ' sleeping ' last night . so it looks like the google servers needed some time to enable the settings .
multi-user was added with android 4.2 -- you are running 4.0 , so there is no native way to go multi-user without upgrading your system . if you have your device rooted , you might want to take a look at switchme multiple accounts , which works with android 2.1 and up . with android 4.1 , you could make use of the user management app . both would enable you to have a multi-user feature on your device .
there are a couple of phones that support usb host mode . you could check the compatibility list of the app " dslr controller " over here : http://dslrcontroller.com/devices.php in the column " how to connect " are links to an adapter cable which enables you to connect a camera to your phone . if your phone is listed there or you verify via outher sources that your phone supports usb host mode then you could try one of the cables listed there . after that you would need an app that enables you to mount the camera storage so you can access it . today i ordered one of those cables and will try to connect a cardreader to my phone ( samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 ) . will post further updates once the cable arrives .
via the command line : <code> $ su # pm disable com . android . providers . media/com . android . providers . media . mediascannerreceiver </code>
you will need to root your phone first and then download and install a free app from the market called ' rescan media root ' by ' aditya talpade ' . launch the app and you can easily disable the scans .
i noticed that the problem is with the word completion feature . just set it to hide all suggestions and it will stop annoying you . the option to hide is available in the android keyboard configuration .
i downloaded a different keyboard then disabled the aosp keyboard in settings> apps> all apps> android keyboard aosp> disable . if your really screwed like i was you will have to scrole through the top apps in the market until you find a keyboard to download since you can not search anything .
solution : install proper version of " google aplication " . cm 10.1.3 needs gapps 20130812 . read : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/gapps for more info .
here 's a few tips for troubleshooting : go to system settings > apps > click android keyboard ( aosp ) . clear data . clear cache . if that does not work , and you have a custom recovery , reboot into recovery and clear the entire cache , clear davlik cache , and go to advanced > fix permissions . other than that , you could try uninstalling and reinstalling from google play or downloading a different keyboard .
disabling google hotword detection fixes this issue in 4.4.4 .
i guess you use gel ? if so , it is because of it listening to " ok google " . turn off " hotword detection " in gel voice settings and you will be fine .
are your headphones defective or have a weak spot ? you can try a couple of things , such as testing this on another android device . it could potentially be the rom and its ability to detect headphones properly while doing different things ( multi-tasking in a sort of sense ) . what you can do is go into settings and turned motion off . sometimes it can sense movement and such and it'll pause accordingly . i will look into this more but into l your next response , this is what i have to say . update it is probably an android 4.2.2 issue . you can downgrade , wait for an upgrade or perhaps install the 4.3 kitkat rom . other options are trying newer/older versions of the google play music software .
this issue has now been fixed in a recent ota update . this updated the htc software version ( not sense ) to v3.33.401.6 . applying the upgrade removes the issue . this is further corroborated by other users previously experiencing the same problem : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 . took them long enough !
this seems like it may be a bug in the update that htc has released for their phones . it is been reported on the android issue tracker and appears to affect various htc models only . you can star the issue if you want , and some people have suggested that enabling the " fast boot " option in your settings may help ( something like Settings-&gt;Power , i believe ) . on other devices it should only run at first boot or when the dalvik cache has been erased . if it is of interest , the details regarding what the optimization is actually doing have been covered in what kind of app optimization does ice cream sandwich do at the first reboot ?
in general , the " application optimisation " , which i assume is jit compilation of all the installed apks , should only happened once during the first boot ( and probably also during the first boot after flashing . ) why it is running every time , i do not know . sounds like an error .
simple solution . press phone and select keypad . dial *#9900# . a new menu appears . press the second one down " delete dumpstate/logcat " then just press home to exit . . done , you will have bags of extra device memory with no ill effects . should free up to a gig of device memory , it did on mine .
what filled my internal memory were ' tombstones ' , files located in /data/tombstones , and in total used about 800 mb . after some digging up , i found that these are crash dumps from applications , and are only useful for debugging , so they can be safely removed .
open the alarm and clock application , then select the alarm that you want to change . select alarm sound and select an option , or select the music note button to select from your music files . tap done twice . http://userguide.sonymobile.com/referrer.php?region=global-enproduct=xperia-z2#!alarm-clock.html
it is Download mode you boot the device into to use Odin . i have included a bit more info if you wanted anything deeper . see this post " what is download mode " as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example . you can boot into recovery mode also to use your recovery to make backups , wipe data , flash roms directly on the device . xda wiki on android recovery and here is a short extract . recovery is stored in a disk partition separate from the main android partitions ( boot/kernel , root/system ) . it contains its own linux kernel , separate from the kernel of the main android system . because of separate kernel+recovery_apps , the device is able to boot into the recovery mode even if the main system is broken , allowing the user a set of tools to fix the device . the recovery is completely independent of the android system . see here for the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot and an extract : fastboot is a small tool that comes with the android sdk ( software developer kit ) that can be used to re-flash partitions on your device . it is an alternative to the recovery mode for doing installations and updates . because fastboot mode can start on your device even before android loads ( and can even run when android is not installed at all ) , fastboot mode is useful for updating the firmware quickly , without having to use a recovery mode . in fact , it is frequently the preferred way to initially install the recovery image on many devices . fastboot can also be used for developer operations like unlocking the bootloader of google 's nexus devices .
i have a t-mobile g1 ( the first android phone ) that is a few years old now and sensitivity on the touch screen is still intact . if you do not treat your phone well it is likely that over time you are going to damage it or the screen can get so dirty that sensitivity might decrease , but it is not an issue with the touch screen technology . any phone that is badly treated will get damaged .
my motorola droid is as sensitive now as it was in october 2009 . at least i do not notice any appreciable loss of sensitivity . this is my daily carry/drop/reflash/abuse phone , so if there were going to be some loss , it would happen by now . in my palmpilot days , i could definitely tell a difference after about a year , but that was probably due more to the precise poking of a stylus .
capacitive touchscreens found in modern smartphones do not wear out , physically , because they are solid-state technology behind a piece of glass . practically the only way to destroy them is to build up a goodly amount of static electricity and then touch the screen -- if you are deliberate about this , it might zap the circuitry , but it is not specific to touchscreens and you can do that with all kinds of electronics . resistive touchscreens found in older electronics can wear out because they are basically made of movable things ; two layers of transparent conductive material with a thin air gap in between them . because the screen relies on physical pressure from your fingertip , there can not be a solid piece of glass in front of it ( even if the lcd screen behind the touch array probably is made of glass ) . when your finger presses the layers together when you touch this screen , you effectively create an electrical short that is used to signal which point on the screen was touched . press hard enough and you can damage these layers so that they do not move away from each other again . press often enough and you will simply wear out the outermost soft plastic material of the screen -- this is why it is important to use a clean stylus ( and/or a screen protector ) .
it is not always necessary , but always a good idea . there are custom roms that change the partitions of the phone storage , and some flashing methods do not reset the partitions . what ends up happening is that the update can not be written properly -- it either fails , or files and firmware end up in the wrong place and the phone can not boot . in some cases , this can brick the phone . with a galaxy s , the best way to ensure this does not happen is to revert to stock firmware , wipe everything , and then use odin to flash an odin-compatible rom with the " re-partition " option checked . my answer here has some more info on odin ( just be careful not to use the firmware i linked to , since it is for the gt-i9000 and not the captivate ) .
many android phones come packed with useless software preinstalled by the device’s manufacturer and your cellular carrier , this is called " bloatware " . software vendors usually pay to pre-install lite versions of their products on the new devices to promote their work . on the other hand , it may happen that apps already installed are useful and selected based on usage statistics . there is no bulletproof method to ascertain if the device as been used before , but the physical appearance , the protective plastic on the glass and camera , the packing , etc . . . all should give you a concrete idea about the device usage .
this depends on the manufacturer of the device the provider where you bought your device . the manufacturer pre-installs some applications . also the provider may pre-install some applications . so this does not depend on the android version but on the manufacturer and/or provider .
you could consider using an app locker , e.g. smart applock ( app protector ) . photos are taken by the camera app , regardless of whether you invoke it from the app drawer , a shortcut , widget , or via pressing the camera button . so if you lock the camera app ( and the playstore app , so the user does not simply install an alternative camera app -- also make sure to disable unknown-sources and lock the settings app ) , only somebody knowing the password/pattern you have set up to protect those apps can use them . explanation : while blocking access to the camera app , this does not affect the barcode scanner . the barcode scanner for sure accesses the camera hardware , but not the camera app : the latter would not know what it aquires ( just that it focusses on " something " , but it is not recognizing what this " something " is and so would not know whether it aquired a barcode correctly ) . you can also verify this by checking the permissions the barcode app asks for : its permission list will for sure include Hardware controls: Take pictures and videos , which means it accesses the hardware directly . for accessing it via another app ( e . g . the camera ) , it would not need this permission but rather call that app via an " intent " ( see : what is intent in android ? ) , so that called app would do the intended action .
call recorder by developer named skvalex is one such application . you may need to install alsa mixer as well , depending on your device or kernel .
samsung has changed the " pin layout " on this port so that it is not compatible with standard mhl accessories - even ones made by samsung . if you want this functionality ( hdmi out ) for your sgs3 , you will need to buy the samsung adapter that is made specifically for this phone model , and you will not be able to re-use that adapter with other devices . personally , i think it is better to avoid buying the samsung adapter . for starters , it is getting such that you do not know what you are getting with samsung mobile accessories . they have done this before ( e . g . the pseudo- pdmi connector on their tablets ) and are now labelling products as mhl that are incompatible with the mhl standard and other products . as well as causing confusion and extra expense for their users , this undermines this useful emerging standard , is inconvenient and inefficient , and it is bad for the environment as it blocks the re-use of accessories . but i do not mean to turn this into an anti-samsung post at all - i think the sgs3 is a great phone . they are , of course , just trying to increase their accessory revenues . it is up to consumers now - if this move does not increase their accessory revenue then they probably will not repeat it . answer edited to add this site about the issue : http://www.galaxymhl.com/
what steps have you undertaken to resolve the problem ? some suggestions : try restarting the phone try removing the network entry ( "forget network" ) , then add it again . please make sure that you have the necessary information to reconnect before doing this . edit : related question
if you have sprint , go to settings &rarr ; wireless and network/more . . . &rarr ; mobile networks and uncheck the box connections optimizer .
what do you mean by auto enabling ? does it get enabled every time you unlock your phone ? otherwise did you try changing this option : settings-> wireless and networks-> wi-fi settings ( press menu key ) advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy ( i have android 2.1 , so your menu path may differ slightly )
there could be any number of apps that re-enable wifi : can you share your appbrain app-list ? it would be easier for us to tell .
what about rebooting your device ? i had the same problem solved like this . . . [ edit ] do you use a widget for the wifi : it can help you to disable it ?
look for an application titled ' power manager ' , this application has controls to enable/disable : wifi , bluetooth , gps based off multiple triggers . one of which being powered by a/c which was what my ' issue ' was . just had to change this so it did not change the wifi status .
cdc serial means that your phone was previously owned by a fellow member of the united states centers for disease control and prevention .
i have never found windows to be very helpful in identifying drivers either . here 's some information for you on what usb cdc is . according to wikipedia : usb communications device class ( or usb cdc ) is a composite universal serial bus device class . the class may include more than one interface , such as a custom control interface , data interface , audio , or mass storage related interfaces . additionally , a resource called the usb software resource center has this overview of cdc : there are three classes that make up the definition for communication devices : the communication device class , communication interface class and the data interface class . the communication device class is a device level definition and is used by the host to properly identify a communication device that may present several different types of interfaces . all of that is developer-speak , but it really just means that a usb cdc driver helps your pc 1 ) understand what services your phone can provide it and 2 ) start talking to your phone to use those services . i do not know for sure what service the cdc serial driver you see represents but i am pretty confident that installing the official samsung drivers for your phone would resolve the red x ( the drivers that windows installs automatically are sometimes generic and are often insufficient ) . in its current state , with your phone connected as an mtp device , do you have any trouble transferring files or doing anything else you want to do with your phone from your pc ? if you are not having trouble then it is possible the cdc serial driver is only used for connecting your phone as a modem or serial device ( as when communicating with your phone from the developer tool adb ) . if you are not planning to use your phone in this manner , you can safely ignore the failed installation of the cdc serial driver . i would not stress too much over it and would install the samsung drivers if you run into any trouble .
okay ; i finally figured this out ! go to the people app click on a contact to see the contact detail bring up the menu click Mark as default choose default picture , email , phone , etc .
well , it seems from the api that android includes a tts engine , so i would imagine there would be quite a few apps . i have done a quick search , although i do not have a smartphone so i cannot vouch for the suitability , but here is one app that seems simple enough . text to speech toy .
this question depends on the firmware you have got installed . if you have got cyanogenmod installed , then you should also have clockworkmod ( cwm ) installed , which is a utility for flashing your phone , among other things . first you will need to download the ril to your phone as a zip file . they should come packaged this way . save it to an sdcard , preferably in the root directory for easy access . this page lists the different ways to access cwm depending on your phone model . for the sgs2 , turn the device off , then hold vol+ , home and power buttons until the screen flashes , then release them and wait for cwm to display . from there , use the volume buttons to scroll and the power button to select , as touchscreen is disabled . select " install zip from sdcard " , then navigate to the zip file and select it . ( protip : scroll up to skip the huge list of folders ) wait for the installation to finish , then select " reboot system now " and you are done . enjoy your new ril .
clearing downloads will only clear it from the list of downloads . to delete files that have been cleared from the list , you would need to do so directly from the sd card 's download folder , either with your computer or using a file manager like astro .
typically the apps themselves will need to provide a setting wherein you can pick a notification sound to use . i am not aware of any global settings that will allow you to set per-app notification sounds . as an example , in gmail you can go into the settings ( use the overflow menu - the 3 vertical dots - and select " settings" ) and select an account from the list . then within the account 's settings tap on the notification setting right under the " email notifications " checkbox . this will allow you to pick a different ringtone for emails on that account . you can then repeat this process for any other apps you have installed .
es file explorer is one that can use the secure ftp protocol over ssh protocol . to get the settings , from es file explorer : hit menu key , show tabs , local , lan , ftp , net appears tap on ftp then tap on new that appears underneath , a dialog box will appear prompting the different ftp types , tap on sftp enter the details of the ssh server that hosts the secure ftp protocol es file explorer will remember the next time , so tap on the server , and then you can browse the file system of the remote server and upload/download files
i do not believe there is a way to do this as stock , since the photos taken are stored temporarily and are deleted as soon as post-processing is complete . if you want to develop your own solution to this by creating a ' hook ' for the opensource app " focal " which has the same features as the stock camera . ( focal : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.xplod.focalhl=en )
a factory reset does not wipe the rom files , only the user data , so you can not have " uninstalled the rom " that way . having a locked bootloader does not stop you flashing a rom : it just limits you to official roms signed by the manufacturer ( or possibly by the carrier ) . so even if you can not or do not want to unlock the bootloader , you can still flash the stock rom in the usual way from the recovery , if you can obtain a backup of it .
you might need to reboot . your battery will not be damaged by hot removing it . it has an internal circuit to prevent overcharge . removing it while ( dis ) charging does not matter . see this post from android developer dianne hackborn .
it seems that entering zip codes directly in the contacts app in the zip+4 format under android 2.1-update1 is not possible . however , i just updated to froyo ( 2.2 ) ( t959uvka6 ) . not only can the contacts/ storage app natively import and export contacts to and from the microsd card , but it also allows directly entering zip+4 with the dash in the zip code field !
yes . there is also several other partitions in the internal storage , which is what the other 1gb is taken up by . /boot - contains the bootloader , ramdisk image , and the linux kernel image . /system - contains all the os stuff ( both linux and android ) as well as built in system apps ( e . g . the launcher and the dialer ) . /recovery - contains the recovery os , which is used for updating as also recovering from situations that prevent booting into android proper . /data - this is what you see as " internal storage " . this is where all your user installed apps ( both from the play store and any other sources ) go , as well as where they save their data . /cache - exactly what it sounds like . various bits of frequently needed stuff stored in a quick to access manner . /misc - stores various miscellaneous system settings . 1.5 " phone storage " is basically like a built-in sd card as far as the os is concerned . it is general user storage . what exactly are you trying to install ? the internal storage ( /data above ) is where an app generally goes , but particularly big apps ( e . g . games like the asphalt series ) will store the large resources in a user partition by default ( rather than optionally via the " move to sd " option ) .
to 1 . : yes , you are correct . remaining space probably goes to the /system partition ( the android system itself requires some space , you might have guessed ) . everything else is just a guess and hard to say without a closer look ; but it might have a separate " mount " for cache , temp , and some other system relevant stuff . not having any device with 4 . x yet , i unfortunately cannot answer to 2 . for sure -- so i leave that to somebody else . my device has 6gb inside , so i never installed any app to sd ( what good would that be for , in my case ? ) .
if you use the gmail app the mail is pushed instead of synced and therefore you cannot find the sync frequency setup . however , if you set up your gmail account in the android email app , where you can have your non gmail accounts ( pop3/imap/exchange ) , the mail is synced and you can set the frequency in the account settings , inside the email app .
you can only set how much e-mails are synced in the gmail settings . goto gmail > labels > organize labels > click on the label you edit want . now you have tree options , 4day , all or nothing . if you choose 4 days , gmail downloads the e-mails of the last 4 days , if you choose all , all mails were downloaded and nothing say what its doing .
he will still have access to all his purchases . he will not be able to access the uk google play store , unless he uses alternative methods ( vpn/tunneling/market enablers . . ) . assuming he managed to access the uk play store ( 2 ) , he will be able to purchase as normal provided that he has access to his uk credit/debit card . in order to purchase a nexus device , he has to use his uk credit/debit card , and select a uk address for shipping , and then have someone forward him the package . provided that the devices he purchased was activated in the uk , he should still the books and movies apps on his android phones/tablets . some devices however will automatically freeze these apps on boot if the device was not activated in a supported country . note : devices , books , magazines , music and movies and tv are not available in switzerland without using methods that bypass the restrictions . note : the answer above is based on my experience with dealing with google purchases , market restrictions , and international shipping . i have never dealt with the swiss google market specifically , but the experience should be the same .
the literature you read was wrong , then . link2sd only uses the extra partition . the main partition is still mounted under /media/sdcard or somewhere similar . with link2sd , you cannot physically remove the sd card , but you can mount the sd card on the computer . the second partition does not get mounted , so the apps are still accessible while the standard partition is mounted on the computer . if you want more space , you can always repartition your sd card manually on your computer , if your version of clockworkmod ( cwm ) does not have the size you desire . gparted on linux is a handy gui , and there are apps for mac and windows as well . and you can still install apps to your sd card the normal android way , though the dalvik cache and other data will still use up the internal memory ( which is likely limited in your case , as that is the reason to use link2sd in the first place ) . purpose of link2sd here 's an hypothetical example+ . you have 180mb free internal memory . you have a standard 16gb sd card . when you install an app to the sd card , 10%* of the app is actually still on the internal memory . so when you have installed 1.8gb of apps , you run out of internal memory , even though your external sd card could hold a bunch more . in comes link2sd . now , your sd card is actually 12gb standard and 4gb for linking . new apps get linked , but this time 100% of the app is moved , so you can install 4gb of apps instead of 1.8gb . you should not be limited to 4gb , either . clockworkmod ( cwm ) may only list 4gb as the maximum size , but you can use a computer to make the linking partition as large as you want . *made up percentage . it varies by app . +not so hypothetical . with my old optimus v , this was almost exactly my setup .
scroll down and you will find it inside " installs " under " additional information " section . it will show you the range of number of downloads . right now , that app shows a range of "10-50" installs .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
open the calendar app . press menu > settings > scroll down to notification settings . you can then choose your desired ringtone and whether an alert should pop up or merely a notification bar update shows along with vibrate options . as a calendar alternative , check out jorte . the galaxy s2 's alarm interface has options for recurring alarms as well as preset snooze modes . update : nudnik and calendar event reminder are calendar nag apps that seem to offer the functionality you are looking for .
now that astrid has stopped , trying out tictac . working quite well and seems reliable
im trying now calendaralarmhelper that is way cheaper than tree suggestion . free version expires after 7 days but has full functionalities .
calendar -> settings -> notification settings -> select ringtone . also set " alerts and notifications " in the same menu to alerts .
you could try astrid , i find it very useful as a task manager
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
did you by chance have an automatic ota update ? that would do it .
i know it sounds smart-ass , but you may need to be a full restart to make the reclaimed space visible again .
it could be a cache issue . you could try downloading astro file manager and open it . then go to file manager > pref > cache from there click on other internal caches . beyond that you will probably need to do a factory restore to retrieve all your memory . resources : uninstall app does not change space used support samsung galaxy s2 internal memory problems
i think that maybe the remaining 2.3 mb was data in the app . your phone may say ' deleting this app will also delete all this data ' or likewise , but sometimes it does not delete the data . so , if you recorded 2.3 mb of songs , this is probably hiding in your device or sd card ( if applicable ) . i hope this works for you !
i use an app called app manager by amazing droid ( search pub:"amazing droid " on market ) which is free and allows you to do batch backups to sd and batch installs from sd ( and also batch uninstalls ) . the backup places the . apk files into a known location on your sd card so you can copy them off to another device .
android 2.2 introduces the app sharing app which is installed by default . i think this might be what you are looking for , however you will need a froyo device . for earlier versions you could use the app " bluetooth file transfer " to share the apk files , if you have these available on your memory card for example .
you will need to get root privilege . merely installing super user will not do anything . edit : superuser must be placed in /system ( made a " system app" ) in order to work , which is not done by " merely installing it " , and cannot be done without aquiring root privileges
as you said , there is no official ics for galaxy mini . but cyanogenmod 10 and 10.1 work on the galaxy mini . i am using cyanogenmod 10.1 rc5 . it is a jelly bean rom , but it works perfectly with my mini . you can find it on xda-developers .
the ics will not support to the galaxy mini or galaxy pop
the offical ics does not work on galaxy mini . but we can run it by cyanogenmod . i have tried it everything works fine . it has both pros and cons pros 1 . you can feel the ics os very good . 2 . nice graphics cons 1 . battry life will be redused 2 . memory will not be suffician to run apps that support in ics speed of phone will be redused considerably
i upgraded from ics to jelly bean on my galaxy note and did not do any factory reset , i found battery drain is horribly faster ; even normal charging takes much longer . about 15% charge in one hour . if i use phone with charger plug in , even than it keep draining slowly . any solutions , sameer
install " cpu spy " in the android market -> open cpu spy and press reset timers -> put the phone in to standby mode for a one minute -> then turn it back and check if the phone is gone in deep sleep . . . . if they did not go into deep sleep , then to turn off the phone and remove the battery for about 5 minutes , tell what happens . . .
only the reset factory setting option will resolve this problem . games like temple run and subway sufers will hang after the software upgrade .
i used to own that same device and in my experience with several roms the best way to get a battery to not drain quickly was to switch to a aosp rom like slimkat/slimsaber and to use adaptive brightness . the screen being 5"+ used to use a huge amount of battery . the stock samsung roms are good but the aosp roms make it a lot better in terms of battery usage .
there is an rsync in the market , which i use to backup my sdcard to my home server routinely ( via its tasker integration ) . from there , its a simple matter of adding it to the existing backup system . rsync itself can also be configured to keep backups . finally , if you have a rooted phone , i suppose you could format your sdcard as ext4 , or partition it to also have an ext4 partition . then you had be able to use file permissions . of course , you had need ext4 drivers to use usb disk mode , so pretty much you had have to use linux .
sd cards are almost always formatted as fat , which means that the os cannot set filesystem permissions . in other words , you cannot protect individual files . and you can only protect the sd card as a whole by not installing apps that access it . i recommend frequent backups and testing out new apps thoroughly , possibly by using another sd card with unimportant or backed-up data on it .
i have never heard of an app that formats the sdcard . the permission to modify the sdcard is so the application can " read/write " data to the sdcard . if you have an app that formats your sdcard , i would report the issue to the developer , plus to the android market .
it seems to be a general problem . i was trying this on my asus eee pad with physical keyboard which actually allows to minimize the " encryption process " and go to settings . however checking running processes does not show any activity that would suggest that something is actually happening .
after a bit of investigation , i found there is people already working on having cyanogenmod on this model : https://github.com/sebastian404/android_device_huawei_u8160
there are two places to look for more information on this . that would be the actual cyanogenmod website and the xda-developers forum . a search of both places shows that there is not anything readily available for the u8160 . this means that you would need to do a significant amount of hacking to get it working .
yes , you should be able to use fat32 with no problems . android supports fat/fat16 and fat32 , and i believe raw / unformatted cards may work with some phones . you can also use ext partitions but this requires some extra work , see for example how to use ext partition in my android ?
cleared dalvik cache and it worked .
if you are willing to look at wikis then wikipedia has a changelog for it > > > click me
as far as android is concerned , 4.2.1 to 4.2.2 contained only a few things . they include : show remaining time for downloads from the play store provide a system notification sound when wireless charging begins allows long-pressing on certain tiles in quick settings in reality , since you have a device that does not support wireless charging , the second point obviously does not apply to you . and since cm already heavily modified the tiles for quick settings and offers far more options that this update introduced , the only benefit you would get out of this update would be showing the remaining time . but , cm has new features being added all the time that are separate of the features added by google . if you look under settings -> about phone -> view changelog , you can see a big list of all the major features that cm 10.1 adds to google 's android 4.2.2 release . and if you want to look at all the specific changes ( usually around 10-50 per day , although , some are new features , some are bug fixes for devices not related to yours , and some are new/updated translations ) , you can see it online at http://changelog.bbqdroid.org and clicking on your device and cm version . you can browse through the changes for each nightly there , and although some of the subjects can be cryptic , you can still usually make out what new features are being introduced .
if you could see the official android web page , the section What's new in Android 4.2, Jelly Bean enumerates all the changes in detail . though it is the delta from 4.1 and not from 4.2.1 as you had asked for .
quicksshd works on rooted and non-rooted phones . there are some limitations on non-rooted phones ( running on port 2222 instead of 22 , etc . ) , but other than this , i have yet to see any problem with it on any device ( tested from 1.6 through 2.1 to 4.1 ) . costs approx . us$1.5
if you are using the google play music app touch menu on your device and see if keep on device is checked . if yes uncheck it . you can also touch the blue pin to stop making it available offline . for more information on this go to https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1250232?hl=en
i got it . after doing a simple restart " dcim " appeares as a normal folder . i still do not know what was causing this problem .
i have successfully modified the build . prop on my samsung vibrant to mimic that of the i9000 , allowing me to get i9000 apps from the samsung app store . so something similar might work for you . see how can i modify the phone model in build . prop to get unsupported apps ?
have you not considered this application which actually overlays the existing launcher , and by using gestures such as tapping on the corner of the screen , to launch a certain app . the app is called swipepad its a complement to the existing launchers out there on the market . to quote : swipepad is a launcher panel overlay . with a single swipe action , you can launch anything from within any app . it is extraordinarily simple and intuitive to use : touch down a pre-set edge of the screen ; move your finger towards the center of the screen so the pad will emerge ; release your finger on a specific slot to action .
to improve your first bullet , some custom launcher apps would allow you to open quickdroid in a simple way . nova launcher prime , which i am using right now , lets you set the action of a swipe on the homescreen to launch a custom app . other popular launchers that claim to allow gestures are go launcher , apex launcher , and holo launcher .
quickdroid also has a widget . have you tried that ? it seems like the search field is there in your home screen . it is not really ( when you tap it to start typing , it opens the search screen ) , but looks nice at least . . .
i have found app dialler to be pretty quick . t9 fuzzy ( ? ) searching app launcher i have xposeds gravitybox pielauncher setup with an app dialler shortcut to launch from any app with a small gesture and single tap
going a slightly different route , have you considered an app like fliplauncher ? you get approx 24 slots to save shortcuts to apps . a quick slide of the finger from edge of the phone to the screen will launch one of the strips of apps , enabling you to launch an app from the strip . the beauty of this is it does not matter what app you are currently in , you can still launch one of your shortcut apps from the current app . when launched , using back arrow will take you to your previous app . example - imdb , browser or part of your shortcut apps . you are reading an article in your news reader about a great new movie , you want to see the trailer , so you launch the strip that contains your imdb icon , press on it launching the imdb app , watch the trailer , back arrow out of imdb , and you go straight back to the article you were reading . ( i have no interest in this app , other than finding it has made using my phone quicker and easier and reduced the number of home pages i require and the number of times i go into the app drawer ) . i know this is not exactly what you are looking for , but i think it is a much quicker alternative that can cover you in most instances .
to answer my own question : i found swipeswitcher lite and am using this to easily launch quickdroid . swipeswitcher is a very simple app which just adds a small invisble overlay on the left and right edges of the screen . it let 's you configure each overlay to launch an app ( or go the the previous/next app in the default configuration ) . so i configured the left edge to launch quickdroid and kept the right edge at the default config . now i can quickly launch quickdroid by swiping from the left edge of the screen . to launch an app all i do now is swipe , type 2 - 3 characters , and select the app . and as an added bonus , i can quickly go back to the previous app by swiping from the right edge of the screen . so far i really like this very simple solution . it is similar to other suggested solutions such as fliplauncher and swipepad , except that swipeswitcher does not replace the homescreen and immediately launches one single app . i also had a look at google search launcher , as that promised to be exactly what i wanted to use the android built-in tablet search . however , this really just launches the google search , so it is still not in ' tablet search mode ' by default and still shows search suggestions . it also makes the homesceeen inaccessible and was rather slow . it seemed promising but was a rather dissapointing . update : i just found another very nice solution . if you have tasker installed , you can install assistant event for tasker . then you can create a task which will launch quickdroid ( or any app of your choice ) when using the gesture which would normally open google now ( the " google assistant " gesture ) .
try conjure app on google play . might be similar to what you want . ( lifehacker has an article on them ) .
i am not sure if you as end-user could really fix the underlying problem . that is why it is always a good idea to send those bug reports that are ( sometimes ) shown after a force close occurs . but what you could try is to delete the application data , but this will eventually result in losing all your messages . go to the preferences -> manage applications -> choose the application -> delete application data
definitely it is related to low battery , i tried a couple of more tests and if the battery is &lt ; 20% this always happens .
take it back to wherever you bought it and demand a refund . regardless if this is a hardware or software problem , you should not have a problem with the sales staff -- show them the picture you linked to .
do not forget dlna using the allshare app , if your tv system supports it .
see this page for the galaxy s 's standard tv-out cable as sold by samsung , this plugs into the 3.5mm headphone port on the phone . it can also output hdmi via an adaptor that plugs into the micro-usb port , though this has the obvious disadvantage that you can not plug it into power to charge at the same time as playing .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
contacts , by default , that are saved on the device , will sync with the google account ( or accounts ) that are signed in on the device . if you have contacts on your sim , you can go in to the contacts application , go in to the menu and select " import/export " , then you select import from sim . this will import your contacts that are on your sim to the account ( s ) that you are logged in to on the device . finally , make sure you have contact sync enabled for your account . go in to the settings -> accounts and sync , select the google account you want to sync the contacts and then make sure " contacts " is checked . in response to your last comment about " you can save contacts to sim " , i guess that would depend on your device . aosp ( stock ) android 2.3.5 does not give you the option for phone the device and sim . below is a screenshot of all of my synced accounts , and the only option for " unsynced " . since you say you see icons next to some of them , i would be willing to guess you have a samsung device that is running touchwiz . there is a setting that you can change to " always add to ' this ' account " . do not bother " linking " multiple contacts together , it is only on the phone side , it does nothing when syncing .
i remember this . when i first got my phone i made the same mistake , setting my contacts to save to my phone instead of google . i believe i ended up using the free version of mybackup to backup my contacts , then restore them as google contacts .
open the contact list on your phone . hit the menu button from your contact list . from the list that appears hit the import/export tab . this will bring up a list of available export and importing options . once you have picked the option that applies to you the list will be backed up . what is left to do is import the contact list on your new phone . one more option , follow the guide : how to backup android contacts to gmail
more of a shot-in-the-dark based on my own personal experience rather than a resolution , but do you have anything like setcpu installed that might be throttling back your clock speed when the phone goes to sleep ?
had this problem for the past couple days , and finally was sick of it . this morning , i tried deleting all my sms messages . after that did not work , i did this : menu - settings - applications - manage applications - all - messages , then hit " clear data " . that resolved the issue . you can try doing this before deleting your sms messages , but it may delete them when you clear the data -- not 100% sure ( it does warn it will wipe them ) . problem solved !
i have the same problem sometimes with my thunderbolt too . i deleted all the drafts and it does nothing , but you are on track because mine have been text that i typed in before either by mistake or never finished . here is the problem . the way i cleared it out before was to create an entirely new conversation since it is limited for a particular person , in my case .
on the main messages screen open the menu , then select drafts-> menu-> delete drafts . select the messages you want deleted , then press delete .
menu - settings - applications - manage applications - all - messages -> clear data worked for my htc thunderbolt .
since you mentioned text-messages my guess is that maybe you have a draft that the messaging app wants you to finish , although with my htc evo it does not do what yours is doing . try opening the message app and on the screen where you can see " all messages " open the menu and you might see an option to select " drafts " ( looks like a old 3.5" floppy ) . if you have any drafts delete them and see if this fixes your issue .
there is a known bug that disallows sorting of wma files by track number . you could try using mediamonkey or something like mp3tag on your pc to rename the file as %track_number% - %Artist% - %Title%.wma or something similar , so it sorts by name . also try meridian player - you can create a playq ( kinda like a playlist and then sort that by track , i believe . and be sure to take a look @ mort player too .
i stopped using the corporate email app that came with my droid because of stability issues and reasons like this . i got touchdown ( appbrain ) for my work ms exchange email and have not looked back . i realize this does not offer a solution to your problem 's symptoms , but it would solve your main problem by avoiding the inferior exchange app all together .
i use the gemini calendar app , and it seems to sync back to your google account . it does , however , require the stock google calendar app , which based on your question , may pose a problem .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
if you have root , you can mount the systems partition as editable and edit the hosts file and set the site in question to redirect to 127.0.0.1 . this is somewhat complicated voodoo , however , and i would not recommend it if you do not know what i am talking about already . however if you do not want to do this manually and have rooted your phone , the app hosts editor is a nice little single purpose utility just for this . if you are up for the voodoo , and have adb installed : from the terminal invoke the adb command with remount option otherwise you will get " failed to copy ' hosts ' to '/system/etc/hosts': read-only file system " . adb remount in the terminal pull the default hosts file from /system/etc/hosts or /etc/hosts which is the symlink of the file not only for backup purpose but also to get the file to modify . adb pull /system/etc/hosts &lt;path to pull hosts file to&gt; modify the file according to your needs . ( eg ) 127.0.0.1 www.somewebsite.com push the file back to the phone : adb push &lt;path you pulled hosts file to&gt;/hosts /system/etc/ that is it . you can check it out from the shell : adb -e shell cat /system/etc/hosts source
there is an app for that , it is called shared contact list . it does exactly the thing you describe . disclaimer : i work at the company that made it .
actually , this is pretty easy . there are two workable answers i can offer : if you have google apps for your organization , you can simply turn on contact sharing and make sure everyone adds their google apps account to their phone . if you do not have google apps or do not want to use contact sharing , simply set up a single dummy gmail/google apps account for every person to add to their phone . any contacts added to this account , be it via a phones or via the gmail contacts book , will appear on every phone whenever a sync happens . to add another account to your phone : Settings-&gt;Accounts and sync-&gt;Add account  after adding the account on the phone , make sure you click on it again and set syncing to just contacts and not gmail , calendar , etc ( unless you want these )
i do not think it is the app the is using processing power and causing the phone to overheat . the most likely contributer to heat on the phone is the enabling of data , bluetooth and gps . these services require constant processing and ' pings ' to maintain connectivity . waze and other gps based applications , use both data and location information , and at 60mph , they will be using even more of these , as the location is changing constantly and they need to refresh their maps and update their gps co-ordinates . if you are using a newer version of android ( kitkat ) , you can change the level of gps accuracy - device only should be fine for waze , like so : if your on an older android version ( jellybean or below ) , you can play around with the settings , but i am not sure how that will affect battery . the settings look like this : obviously , you should try and remove all other services that are using battery , if possible , turn off bluetooth , data sync , lower display brightness , try not to constant charge the battery ( this causes heat , you might only want to charge when battery drops below 15% and then take it off after 15 minutes ) and so on . if all else fails , i would try and switch away from waze . i suspect due to its social nature , it may be using the data connection for more than just sending map data . there are other mapping apps that can cache maps - therefore not requiring an active data connection - a huge battery saver ! if all this fails - i would suggest going to the manufacturer and ask for a new phone , as your battery or phone may be at fault . i use the maps on my phone ( nexus 5 ) , but other than slight heating ( warm ) on long journies - my phone does not shut down google maps or waze .
i do not know if this will work in your situation ( and i can not test it myself ) as in your situation it seems the killing of processes is done for safety reasons and not just to free up memory but it could be worth a try . the app is called minfreemanager ( requires root ) and there is a good guide here . taken from the link to the guide , here is an overview of what the app will do ; ActivityManagerService.java looks at the ' importance ' of running processes ; foreground apps , services , content providers etc , and prioritises them for close order in an oom ( out of memory ) situation . each process is assigned an oom_adj value . the lower the value , the less likely android is to close the app when it starts to run out of memory . these values are managed by android at runtime so a processes oom value can and will change as it changes state , from foreground , to background to idle etc . the app can adjust a processes oom_adj values to your own custom values so you can try and manipulate which apps android will close first and at what stage of low memory on the device . like i said , this is just a very basic overview . follow the link to the guide and you will find all the information you need to give it a go ( could go on for pages if i tried to explain in full detail ) .
there is an app called tango it allows video-calling to mobile from a pc . it also supports 3g phones too . its really good and free worldwide .
this article describes the next release of skype for android ( v . 2.1 ) which now supports 17 phones on video chat . the answer before was directing to other services or modified versions of skype , but this is official , so i thought i would post it .
since you are rooted , you could also try the newest version of google talk . it is not officially supported but i use it on my evo just fine ( i run cyanogenmod 7 , though ) . oovoo has a desktop client and a mobile app , enabling mobile to pc video calls ( supports the evo , but have not tried it myself ) . there also appears to be a plugin for the yahoo ! messenger app which enables video chat between mobiles or with the pc client . again , i have not tried this one myself , but it seems to be the least restrictive about what devices it supports . edit : it looks like there is a thread on xda where people are talking about skype with video on the evo . might be something helpful there .
i will be honest it is probably not something you will miss at all after a few weeks . my previous android phone was an htc magic , apart from text selection i found the trackball pretty useless on that . since upgrading to a galaxy s , that has no trackball/pad/d-pad at all , i can honestly say that i have not needed one since about the first week , i think i have found two games total that needed a trackball , and they had so many " needs a trackball , does not work on my phone " type one-star reviews , that the devs must have changed them by now . gingerbread has a text selection feature based on tapping in the text and dragging your finger that works very well , samsung 's touchwiz interface has had an incredibly similar interface for text selection since eclair ( i think ) and that works well .
keyboards like smart keyboard and better keyboard ( *tap ? 123 and then &lt ; > key to access ) do indeed have arrow keys that can appear below the normal onscreen keyboard or as a separate keyboard containing arrow keys alone . the caveat being , the onscreen keyboard will use up some of your screen real-estate while in use . as regards games , most non-htc android devices are without trackpads and d-pads too ( unfortunately ! ) , so most game devs would bear that in mind . i do not know if the onscreen keyboard would work in the games you play , however .
if you do not want your users to download a player to show the videos , then you have no other choice but to create videos with the h . 264 baseline profile . this is because the stock android player does not support anything higher . ios on the other hand does support the main and high profile . while not listed in the ios specifications , the iphone 4s and upwards should support it . it could very well be that your samsung 's video app records high profile video and can also play it ( because samsung included a non-stock player* ) . in any case , converting to baseline profile would ensure that the video is playable on all devices . ffmpeg -i input.mp4 -c:v libx264 -profile:v baseline -pix_fmt yuv420p -crf 23 output.mp4  that should do it . you can change the crf parameter to change quality . check the x264 encoding guide for more . * disclaimer : i do not own a samsung android phone . no idea if they have a non-stock player .
seems that the ext sd card is not mounting after a while , it could be a hardware failure
i think the only solution you have there is to reformat your tablet . if there is a way you could connect your tablet to a computer , then try to back up everything like your photos . the apps will really be deleted so you have to manually download them again from the appstore . your problem shows that there is a program with recognizing the sd card . there is also another option which is check if the sd card you used was really okay and not broken or damaged . try to insert it to other device and see if it will be recognized or if you could save anything to it . if yes , then the problem is with your tablet that needs reformatting . if not , then try to replace your sd card and try again . good luck !
you can use these 2 recovery softwares to recover data from a damaged partition table if this is the case : http://www.recovermyfiles.com/data-recovery-software-download.php http://www.piriform.com/recuva
maybe the media device ( mtp ) option is disabled . make sure that this is enabled , you would find this under the menu option " usb computer connection " in settings > device > storage . also make sure that " usb debugging " is disabled in settings > system > developer options .
if you go to settings > security > device administrators do you see the app listed there ? if so uncheck the checkbox and you should be able to un-install the app ( using the play store app or from the application manager )
its hard to find such an app . because all other apps will be idle when a call arrives . so while answering a call you can not play a file . also in india 's network we can not use voice message services from an app . it can be possible by carrier itself . before some months , i tried to create such an app . but due to above issue i can not make it happen . lots of similar apps are available in play store but it will not support in india .
i have installed 4.1.2 jelly bean xxemd2 firmware from the scratch . it is working now instructions : http://port135.com/2013/06/30/708/
you may need to re-enable syncing of your google contacts . here 's a simple guide on how to do that : http://www.wikihow.com/sync-google-contacts-with-android . also , the contacts may be on your phone , but not set to display . to fix this , go into your contacts list , hit the menu/options button , and open " contacts to display " . make sure that your gmail contact list is enabled in this menu . finally , if those do not work , check this link : https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/gmail/zcwhbp5d9h4
ok , i changed to another network and it started to working . it may be some permission which denied my app from working . thank you very much , onik , for assistance .
i recommend http://www.teamviewer.com . for personal use it is free .
seems your application points to the app location which was altered or moved with the update . to solve this , simply delete the existing shortcut icon ( by dragging it on to the bin icon which appears after a long press on the shortcut ) then create a new shortcut icon for the application through the customizing menu . ( which appear after a tap or with the press of menu button whipe you are in your home screen ) you may want to reboot the device beforehand .
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
your phone can have a lot of different ip 's on different interfaces but that one is not yours . it is internet gateway of your mobile operator . if i am wrong consider the point of describing to customers why they should pay for some pings or face the hell of icmp incapsulation of freebies masters .
either your phone silently drops pings , or the router it is behind , either your wifi router , or the 3g network 's router that nats your phone drops them .
i was able to untangle the knot of directories by reading the android init scripts . /data/media/0/ is the original . by mounting sshfs ( remember to set allow_other ) to subdirectories of /data/media/0/ i have access to it from android applications .
i do not have a motorola atrix 2 at hand , but as far my memory goes , you can go past the " no sim/emergency dial only " screen if you boot the phone while holding the camera button pressed .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
you can go to the play store and view the ' my apps ' section . this should list your most recently updated apps . you can check the top 27 or so and see if it helps you determine , which one may be affecting video playback .
if you are using a third party video player of your device , say , vlc media player , then go to setings> apps> manage apps> vlc> clear data , and reset the data . once done , use a system cleaner app like cleaner master and clear the junk on your device . this should solve he problem . if the problem still persists , opt to reinstall the video player app .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
yup even i have a xperia neo had i have also faced the same issue . i tried reporting it on the sony mobile forum but it seems it is a unresolved bug . seems the issue is with the current supply , which makes the screen too sensitive resulting in multi-touch . try disconnecting and try typing after sometime , seems to help in my case .
there are apps that let you look at the system log , like catlog . what i would do is start logging before you charge it at night and then take a look at the result in the morning . the log will probably be staggering but the errors should show up in red .
this might sound crazy , and i do not recommend anyone try it , but . . . i had tried cleaning the female charging port on the tablet with alcohol and q-tips and had no luck . i decided to use the tip of a mechanical pencil ( metal tip ) to scrape the contacts to see if they had build up . i put the metal tip in to scuff them up and ( since the tablet was on ) , a huge spark shot out of the tablet and it immediately shut off . i assumed i fried it , but it turned back on . . . . . . and worked perfectly from that point on . it was then recognized by my computer . obviously , this is somewhat crazy and i do not recommend people try this . i had tried every method of connection from the far ends of the internet with no luck . somehow it worked normally after this point . could the spark/firework show have cleaned the contacts ? i know that some pins are for charging ( which it would do fine ) and other pins are for data . my tablet is now working .
try to flash another firmware . find it here , it has flashing guides too . follow the instructions strictly tell us about your success or your failure : )
i do not think there is one i have not seen one however you might try a third party tablet maker some times they have some
save a copy of the original . apk file and keep it backed up . a bulletproof way to get cut off from google play 's update mechanism for that app is to re-sign it with a different key , then reinstall the newly signed apk file . google play ( maybe ) will still offer updates** for that app , but installing them will eventually fail because of the different signature . apktool will do it for you : zipsigner2 might also help you do it ( just found it on google play ) .
recent market updates did break the detach . a solution is to freeze market updater and then uninstall updates of market . if the original version of market in your rom is old enough , this will downgrade it to a version before the relevant update . whether this will eventually make things not work in market , i do not know yet .
i ran into the problem where /storage/emulated/0 no longer existed and was able to fix it safely . what i did was use the camera app to take a picture . i observed that the pictures details said it was within /storage/emulated/0 , though that directory did not exist from the file explorer . then i rebooted the phone . after reboot the directory was recreated .
first install game and play it once . then paste your downloaded data folder to android-data . hope it helps
tap the red and white diamond icon in the upper left-hand corner of the map screen to change orientation/view setting in navigation . that should get you back to the " behind the wheel " turn-by-turn view you want . ( just a note that the red half of the icon will always point north no matter what mode you are in . ) i was stuck on this one too and there is no option in the " settings " menu to define the orientation view .
clearing the app cache ( and data ) seems to have resolved the issue for me .
most vendors/manufacturers modify the android source code to ensure full compatibility with the devices hardware - if you were to update to a clean version of android , it just would not work properly ( and it it even booted , most things would not work at all ) . some manufacturers implement an ota update feature - whereas some do not . those that do not sometimes make you connect your phone/tablet to the computer and use their ' helper ' program to do the update . even the devices that do connect to the internet and download the update are vendor specific - device specific even , it is just that the manufacturer let you do it that way . as to your final question : yes , through a custom rom . custom rom 's are versions of android that have been modified by the android community , based on the stock android code , to work on your device . you should search google , or look at forums such as xda-developers for more info about rom 's , or to look for a rom for your device . remember : all the hardware in phones are different . only the manufacturer knows how to code for it , so that is why default android code will not work with it - it would need propriety drivers .
answer copied from drake in can i sync firefox bookmarks with android ? xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year . edit #1: if you are looking for a free alternative , you can try dolphin browser ( it is available for both android and blackberry ) . dolphin lets you sync bookmarks .
i do not think you can do this with your stock player . after some digging i found a good app for you . it is called voice action music player see if this suits for you .
the above mentioned gosms method will work . export them to xml . get a useful xml reader . i have done it with notepad but its a lot harder to read . you need to find all of the old number , and replace all with the new number . save . then delete all conversations on your phone . this will help you get a clean slate for messages to be added . then import to your device . i have done this with " sms backup and restore " app and it works . it is also worth noting that you can export and combine the conversations too . between old and new number . but you will have to change more in the xml such as the total number of sms messages usually in the beginning of the xml .
i have not tried this , but it might work : the go sms pro app has an export and import feature . you could export the conversation to an xml file , do a search and replace of the number , and import it back . i have no idea if it will override the conversation of the new number , so better do a back-up first . or you might as well export both conversations ( old and new numbers ) and merge them . just take note though that the xml file has an sms count ; you might want to update this value . as for the call log , i have no idea . i think call logs are not very useful anyway .
it will share files fine . its more for security if your phone was stolen etc . once you have encrypted your phone , you will be prompted for the password to ' decrypt storage ' everytime you turn the phone on . once the phone is on , the files are accessible and readable . however if your phone was lost / stolen and was restarted , the data on there would be completely useless without your password .
had same problems b4 i tried calibrating the magnetic compass by the x , y , z axis here 8s the simple steps keep in mind all the rotations are clockwise directions first put your phone in a flat surface for me i placed it in a table and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise then pick up your phone and face it on your left with the but part nearest to you and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise and finally face your phone towards you like ussing it normaly and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise and thats it , for me it solved my prorblem reg the pointer in my map do this while your map is active , hope this will help someone .
map was never implemented in aosp , the siii only had it from samsung tweaks .
it was broken in 4.2 when google rewrote the bluetooth stack .
try installing the app powertutor , it is a power profiling application that can measure the amount of power that applications and other phone 's subsystem takes . install powertutor , let the profiler run , and use the phone/tablet normally for a few days . powertutor gives a much more detailed power profile than the built-in battery use . using powertutor , i found that the biggest battery sucker in my spica is the stock home app , pantheon ; i found a noticeable battery life improvement after replacing pantheon with launcher pro . the biggest drawback of powertutor is that , it is itself a power sucker , it is frequently showing itself as a top power hungry applications .
the key was to delete the telephony application . this tables has no phone . after deleting the following built-in applications , telephonyprovider and phone , a new icon appeared in the top box , it was a signal bar strength icon with an x in it . now the " cell standby " no longer appears , and the battery lasts 3-5 hours depending on what i am doing .
yes , stock rom does not support other file systems but ext2 for the second partition . so create an ext2 partition . the location of the apps , once linked with link2sd will be from the root of the sytem : \ ( which is root ) sd-ext and there you will find some directories or app-files , depending on your link2sd settings . about the question for mounting / rebooting : i cannot answer that because i do not know . about the size of thee partition : when you connect your phone to your computer , and have minitool partition wizard installed , you should be able to create the partitions like you want it and with the size you want . but to be honest : 6gb for apps is an awfully lot . . . i think the tutorial just points out that you probably never will exceed the 2 gb that is mentioned and you can use the other 6gb for normal storage ( which also can be read by windows when you connect your phone to your computer ) i hope i answered your questions . . .
i used the same drivers that i installed for my samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) . 64 bit drivers 32 bit drivers
just download samsung kies and you are good to go ! . all the mobile usb drivers come inbuilt along with Kies .
some devices do have problems with at least the calendar alerts . or at least partial ones : what does a single chime help if i am just " out of reach " , as the device is on my desk while i am being for the " private place " . alarms thus should repeat until explicitly dismissed , at least for a given time frame ( 30min minimum ) . to work around this problem , the playstore offers several apps like e.g. calendar event reminder ( cer ) or calendaralarmhelper , which might be worth a look for you . i am using the former , and it never missed to alert me . handyphone might also be worth a look in this context ( at least if you are running ics or above ) . side-note : yeah , i am also using lbe in a similar manner as you do , so it works even then ; )
you should revert the permissions of the google services framework app . this is the app that controls the connection to the google servers , and without it sync and other things will not work . you should also revert the permissions for all adapters , and non-bloatware system apps . there is a reason the apps need this data .
for the most part carriers use software and permissions restrictions to prevent users from sharing their android phone 's connection with other devices . with root a person can use a number of different apps to tether their phone to another device or create a wifi hotspot . different roms may even enable someone to use the built in tethering and hotspot features without any issue . on the other end of the spectrum most carriers also look at the types of traffic that are coming across from your device and the user agent that is being used to conduct the internet traffic . i know that t-mobile after a short amount of usage will actually start forwarding your traffic to their hotspot plan webpage . some hotspot apps disguise the user agent to try and prevent this .
you could install the android sdk on your computer . this would give you the possibility to access your device 's storage via the command line using e.g. adb push and adb pull . if that is not the level of comfort you want , there are also graphical tools utilizing adb : adb fileexplorer is a minimalistic frontend to copy files from/to the device . it is freely available from the xda developers ( simply follow the link ) . it is written in java , and thus should run on nearly all operating systems used on desktop computers . if you want a little more comfort , then there is also adbbrowser . available for linux and windows ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , it offers also an app-browser . and last but not least , there is qtadb available for linux , mac and windows ( again 32-bit and 64-bit ) , full of useful features like file manager , app manager , device information , sms , shell , screenshots , logcat , backup/restore . . . take a pick . of course , there are many more possibilities . if your device is rooted , there are several apps available on the playstore which permit full access to the local file system remotely .
if you mean the internal sd card ( where pictures etc are stored if they are not stored on the internal sd card ) , then this is mounted along with the external sd card when you connect your phone to the computer . if you mean the root file system , ( i.e. where the android system files are ) , then this can be done , but not directly . you would have to do it using an app via ftp , and you would have to be rooted to see the vast majority of the files . the app ssh droid allows you to turn your device into an ssh/sftp server , which allows you to use ftp to connect to the internal file system ( where the main system files are stored ) of your device , using an ftp client ( nautilus , windows explorer , filezilla for example ) . when doing this , be careful not to delete any files that could be important in the functioning of your device , and like i said - root will be needed to do most things here .
make sure you have turned on datasync in settings use https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andqlimax.pushfixer to set notification heartbeat interval if nothing helps , factory-reset your phone check if the same problem appears on both phones , if yes , try a different telephony company
long tap in your main launcher window --> ( personalize menu pops ) --> click on " display " --> lockscreen --> settings . you can only switch between application , but you cannot have more than 4 .
as for being hacked , it is possible , but there could be a simple explanation . when using mobile data , the actual interconnection point with the internet or the servers handling the ip address assignment may be in a different physical location than you , resulting in your connections showing from a completely different town . heck , with verizon , i would frequently get a different state . as for the login issue , have you tried logging in on a pc to verify and/or reset your password ? you need to isolate if it is the phone or the account first . if it is definitely the phone , you can try clearing app data for all the google apps ( it will wipe settings for those apps so you will need to reconfigure them later--data will be re-downloaded from google . also , though i have not seen any reports today , yesterday there were issues accessing some google services including logging in . just in case that is the issue .
within the calendar app 's menu , see if the newly added calendar shows up in my calendars . select and sync your account . if it does not or you have problems , clear the data cache from within android 's main settings > applications section and resync .
no , performing a factory reset will not affect your hboot version . you should , however , be able to follow this guide instead ( which uses revolutionary ) . there is another page with instructions here which describes in a bit more detail what revolutionary does and where to go from there . the standard disclaimers with regards to possibly bricking your device apply , of course , and i can not guarantee 100% that it will work .
you can install a third-party homescreen ( launcher ) app which supports gestures . some examples : holo launcher hd , apex launcher , nova launcher . note that such gestures will work only when the launcher is active ( i.e. . , they are not global gestures accessible from any app ) , and may be eaten by scrollable widgets if they are present at the homescreen , and you start the gesture inside such widget . globally accessible gestures are possible too ( e . g . , there are apps such as swipepad ) , however , this will increase resource consumption , because such app must be running all the time and listening for touch events , and also may conflict with other apps .
if it cannot be done with native support ( as described by bassmadrigal ) , there are several 3rd-party solutions available . take a look at e.g. slider widget - volumes , which seems a solution you might love : slider widget , second screenshot with open slider ( source : google play ; click images to enlarge ) as the screenshots show , it gives you a widget bar with " buttons " for all the different volumes your device supports . tap the corresponding item once to bring up the slider . or double-tap to toggle ( "that is my favorite song -- no phone calls or notifications now , please ! : ) " ) . the playstore offers a lot of similar things , just check it for volume widget if this approach seems useful to you .
when an app is playing sound , android will only adjust the volume for what is actively playing the sound ( in this case the media volume ) . you can manually adjust your sound volume under settings -> sound -> volume if your rom supports it , you may be able to enable expanded mode for volume under settings -> sound -> volume panel style -> expandable . this will give you a button to the right of the onscreen volume indicator ( when you press the volume buttons ) . press that and it will show all the adjustable volume levels and you can change it through there .
the best option would be to tweak the low memory killer 's minfree parameters . some background : the low memory killer is the mainstay of android memory management . it is a more elegant approach than the linux oomkiller and it works proactively to maintain the free pool rather than only kicking in when you are completely out of free memory . it separates apps into several categories for killing if the free memory pool gets below certain points . they are generally in the following order , from first-to-die to last : empty_app - these are apps that are not doing anything , nor waiting to do anything . they are just sitting around in memory . content_provider - these are background apps that content to active apps ( e . g . the play store uses one to check for updates periodically . htc facebook sync is another common example ) . hidden_app - these are sitting in the background , not doing anything , but are still alive and possibly waiting for something . secondary_server - a server running in the background to provide services for a currently running app . visible_app - this is an application that is in the background , but it is presently doing something . foreground_app - this is what is presently running and on-screen . if the free memory pool drops below a certain amount ( e . g . 80mb is the default on my gs3 ) , the system will first start killing off anything listed as an empty app until the pool is back above that line . if after it kills off all the empty apps the memory is still below the next line ( e . g . 64mb ) , it'll start on the content providers , and so on , until eventually if only the foreground app is taking up all the memory ( on my gs3 , if everything except the foreground app has been killed and there is still less than 32mb of memory free ) and threatening the system , it'll get killed off eventually . coming back to your actual question , what we want to do is adjust these values down , so the killer will kick in later and hopefully not kill the browser when you are still wanting it open . the app minfreemanager will allow you to adjust these values . alternatively , they can be edited directly in /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree where the parameters are in pages ( 4 kilobytes , so a value of 8192 means 32mb as ( ( 8192*4 ) /1024=32mb ) , and listed in reverse order from what i listed above . both of these will require root . if you do not have root , there is basically nothing we can do to help . in your case , the hidden_app parameter ( 4th item in the minfree file ) is probably what we need to change . for example , this parameter is by default 56mb on my gs3 . cutting this in half to 28m or using the mild preset in minfreemanager would be a good starting point for tweaking .
presumably , the device is using wifi to access the internet - it might be worth a shot to try this : settings > wifi hit on menu to bring up advanced tap on that menu option keep wifi on during sleep , check that , make sure its set to never in that way when the device goes to sleep , wifi is still active and running and the web app should still work and when a new job arrives we are notified with an audible alert edit the above answer is not the correct answer , rather from the comments below , this is definitely the one , in which i quote , . maybe , the approach to managing the jobs is done the wrong way , especially in context of android - a custom app that has a service using a partial wake-lock to " ping " checking on jobs , send an event to the app and the app wakes up . imho , a browser is not the right tool for the requirements in your case . in short , there is nothing that can be done to keep the web-browser " alive " while the device is sleeping , as android , behind the scenes , when the kernel is not in sleep state , is tracking what apps are running , and depending on power and memory constraints , especially in the case of a web-browser page , ( if it has a lot of styles , the more elaborate the page , the more resources hogged up as a result , especially if it has a lot of javascript behind the page ) this could be the job for the kernel to shoot it down and eject it from memory hence not reliable route to take . tl ; dr : a proper application instead of just web-browser will resolve the op 's problem . off-topic : there was a piece covered by the technology section under the bbc news in respect to mobile web browsing and how it can affect the battery due to the way web pages are designed , rather , they were designed incorrectly for the mobile platform , too much styles , too much scripting , not to mention flash as well , they all had adverse affect on how android displays/renders the page which in turn meant a lot of cpu cycles consumed to do just that .
i asked htc what it is about and they responded with : the dcs utility services and components are the programs on your telephone that allow connection to the internet provided by your mobile carrier . it stands for data connection service . a little vague . it also cannot be removed , they told me . and as the sense ui was constantly crashing i decided to install cyaogenmod . best decision ever : not only is my data usage halved , the user interface is stable as a rock .
there are some options . they all most likely start with making some room first by moving the pictures/videos already present on internal storage/internal sd to the external sd . then : use a 3 rd party camera app supporting to save on external sd . most of them do . my personal recommendation ( very subjective of course ) would be procapture free ( and if you like it , go pro ) . try some " advanced app2sd " app from the playstore , which might be able to move ( more ) apps to the external card . this might require rooting . for some devices , there are hacks to " switch " storage locations , i.e. making the device think the external sd card is the internal , and vice versa . they for sure require root . i would go with the first option . it is the most easy to realize , does not require root , and for sure does not have that much potential to " mess things up " . you even can make the " new camera app " the default one , or switch back to the stock one anytime .
these days , the google play store ( renamed android marketplace ) does in fact have review filtering based on the rating . just click on " user reviews " and the "5 stars " , "4 stars " titles for the bar graphic are now clickable , and clicking them displays only reviews with that rating . thanks , google !
the comments are not searchable from the market app , nor are they searchable from the site , but you can search google using site:market.android.com my search terms here and it does include the comments when searching . all the comments are also visible on the market site under the " user comments " tab for the application .
this google voice search pop up appears to be a bug in the huawei ascend y300 model . from this thread on android forums that you are not alone with the issue but there is no resolution in the thread . further reading in this modaco thread that it might be related to the headphones causing something in the device to trigger voice search rather than the intended result e.g. skipping song , changing volume etc . one user ( referring to the headphones ) states : " i get this all the damn time on my y300 . in my case it is voice search that opens ( i am on cm11 ) and i tried renaming the voicesearch . apk in /system/app/ ( iirc ) but still it comes up . it is probably getting the contacts confused and triggering that third button on some headsets , but it is bloody annoying . " the fact he is using cyanogenmod and not the stock rom suggests a hardware issue rather than a software one . you could attempt to disable google voice search while listening to music as a workaround , althought it is part of search itself and this may be inconvenient on a day to day basis .
as dan insisted in his comment , here as separate answer : narayanan already mentioned in his answer that each cell tower can be identified via its " cid " ( cell id ) , and there are several apps available at google play which make use of this . a few examples include : opensignal and rf signal tracker ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) opensignal ( first image ) . here the compass gives you the direction to the cell tower . the app has additional features as well , e.g. it can plot cell towers and wifi aps . my favorite in this area however is rf signal tracker , which has comparable features . it can show you on a map in live-mode cell towers you have been recently connected to ( including those you are connected to currently ) and their coverage ( measured while you have been connected to them ) . you can import your own cell data in csv format , or export existing ones to edit them and re-import ) . if you were in logging mode , you can even export a nice kml to see results in google maps or google earth , or simply re-play the recording . another nice feature is the list of " neighbors " , where this app logs when a connection was handed over from one cell to another . there are several more apps having comparable features , so you might want to check the " related " sections on their playstore pages to find the app best fitting for your purpose .
every cell phone transmission tower has a location area code and cell id . there are many apps in google play store that can report these two parameters of the tower that the phone is presently connected to . this is likely to be the nearest ( on the same network ) , but is not necessarily . with these data , you can visit cell2gps and find its latitude and longitude and locate in a map . there are also apps that can do this as well .
the most impact on smoothness improvements had newer android releases , notably 4.1 jelly bean , but 4.2 and 4.3 also added new techniques to make it more smooth ( project butter in 4.1 , triple buffering in 4.3 , emmc trim support in 4.3 ) . almost all recent hardware has 1gb+ ram , a sufficient graphics processor and multiple cores to enable smooth ui operation . usually , the premium line is best , but in general look at devices with recent android versions . google 's nexus line has the best support here .
it is not that simple . the ' headline ' specs certainly matter , but so do a lot of things they do not print on the spec sheet : the ram controller speed , the cpu and gpu l2 cache sizes , the power management settings , etc . it might have a 2 ghz quad-core cpu , but that is no use if it is always underclocked for power or heat reasons , or it is always waiting for the ram . cheap chinese devices in particular often have good specs on the spec sheet , but they pair those with the cheapest components they can find , to keep the price down . the quality of the software integration is a big factor . old , buggy drivers , or wrong settings chosen by the manufacturer 's software people , can really reduce performance . if they have also changed the system apps ( particularly the launcher or the system ui ) , or included some always-running crapware or spyware , that'll slow things down too . really , the number on the product description that is best correlated with smooth performance is the one after the dollar sign .
you may try any custom contacts/messaging app . if you like you could try contacts + , which can also be used for texting .
if they are the apps came originally with your device ( and are not available for download in the play store ) , you can back up your phone and go for a factory reset . restore everything afterwards . this option would be fine since your device is still new . if the apps are available for download at google play store , simply go there and install them . this option will save some trouble for you .
you probably have not actually deleted the app , as that would have to be done via the play store or settings menu . remove from list should only remove an app from the multi-tasking list , or at most close the background process . check the list of apps in your task launcher and you should still find it available .
when you click Install to install the application ( on the web or on the phone ) , you will notice a pop-up that says what permissions the app has and if you want to continue or not . if the app is already installed , click on the Installed button and the permissions will appear .
try this rom i , my tablet is nuclear_evb-eng4.1.1jro03c 20130628 , link : https://www.dropbox.com/s/6jtialhe1r4th0g/8064-%e5%8f%8c309-ph_a13-4.1-auto-mxc622x-20130628.img i hope it works for you . it worked with my tablet . ; )
open your rockchip tool click switch . after your computer recognize it install rockchip driver . then recover it .
  originally submitted by member ' cyberrmate-123' ( based in kolkata ) in xda forum on 4th june 2013 . all i have done is correct spelling and “flesh out” the explanation . this is not a “step by step for dummies” guide . it presumes you know about adb and where to find it . similarly it presumes you are already familiar with a unpack/repack utility in your favourite os ( windows or linux ) . but , if like me , you have reasonable skills and have spent an inordinate amount of time simply trying to recover from the situation where the uberizer does not recover your backup and you already took a ' dd'/'cat ' backup of every damn ' nand ' partition you could find . . . . . . . . . . . then you may find the following useful . note for user2247823 u said u can adb . so stick a usd card in and adb shell mount the usd change to the mounted folder n cat /dev/block/nanda > nanda .    ( this is bootloader with script . bin , etc ) cat /dev/block/nandb > nandb .     ( this is env for uboot , save fir completeness ) cat /dev/block/nandc > nandc .    ( this is boot partition with kernel and init . sun ? . rc files ) cat /dev/block/nandd > nandd .    ( this is system with vendor specific driver modules ) cat /dev/block/nandg > nandg .    ( this is recovery ) unmount the sd card and clone those files . with them you will be able to recreate an identical working copy of the stock rom that your supplier never gave you . davemusic . hi all , some allwinner device users find themselves having a clone /backup of their tablet but without the manufacturers stock rom image ( or can not find a download ) in case a custom rom fails . here is how to save yourself . download any clones stock rom . ( there are some limitations here – common sense prevails – if you have an a10 tablet then it has to be an a10 rom if you are on ics – then it has to be an ics rom . must be a livesuit image ( most are ) save original rom ** now install and setup adb and pull your whole tablets internals out . by using commands like ' adb pull system system ' . it will make a directory called system and pull your system partition into it . now for the bootloader and bootable kernel ( and it is ramdisk ) we use ' cat ' to read nand partitions ' nandc ' and ' nanda ' . su -c " cat dev/block/nanda > sdcard/bootloader . img " su -c " cat dev/block/nandc > sdcard/boot . img " . * now we change the vanilla rom to your version * now with any rom un/packing utility ( i use image repacker xda forum ) unpack the clone image . replace the boot and bootloader files inside the unpacked livesuit img and change extension to . fex ( if your packing program has an ' iso ' folder change there as well ) ( davemusic prefers to copy nandd to system . fex and nandg to recovery . fex plus the boot and bootloader as specified above ) now repack and flash . if it works immediately then that is cool . else use adb to push modules from your system folder to the rom your running . also push the ' etc ' folder to ' system/etc ' and push the ' hw ' folder in ' lib/hw ' to ' system/lib/hw ' . now reboot . it will work . ( davemusic had problems with the following because the tool " repack-bootimage . pl " was incorrect . the line that does the mkbootimage should read system ( "mkbootimg --cmdline ' console=ttys0 , 115200 rw init=/init loglevel=5' --base 0x40000000 --kernel $argv [ 0 ] --ramdisk ramdisk-repack . cpio . gz -o $argv [ 2 ] " ) ;        it is one long line . . . . that wraps in this post . but , after modding that command i was able to use it and create my livesuit image . ) * next is only if you want to create your own modified image * now for a permanent solution . use sunxi tools in ubuntu or any linux to 1st make the system . fex of the clone rom to a system . fex file using sim2img . now mount it by using ' sudo mount -o loop system . img ' now in linux you should type ' sudo nautilus ' to open the gui file browser in superuser mode . ( it makes changing files a bit easier ) . now from your backed up system folder , copy the contents of ' vendor/modules ' , ' lib/hw ' and ' etc ' to the mounted directory . ( if this seems a little strange – remember that the target directory is /system . but , your backup is relative to that . ie the '/system ' prefix disappears . so ; '/system/etc ' became simply ' etc ' and '/system/lib/hw ' became ' lib/hw' ) then use ' make_ext4fs ' to make a sparse fex file like this ; ' make_ext4fs -s -l 500m -a system system newsystem . fex ' . it will create newsystem . fex . copy it back to your unpacked rom . replace it . pack . flash . now you have “almost” got your stock rom running . ( not identical yet because you havent changed the apps , do it if you want ) . if you want you can make the ext4fs directly into your backed up system folder . ( change the target path of ' newsystem . fex'in the make_ext4fs command to include your system backup folder ) copy the new fex file back . repack . flash . it will bring your true stock rom back . on some livesuit images it corrupts the the “disk fileystem” so the internal sd doesnt mount . ( like in eken t01a 's rom ) if so - then do the following . open adb shell . then list /dev/block/nand ? the last nand partition is your sdcard . there are either 9,10 or 11 nand partitions named nanda through nandi ( or nandj or nandk ) whichever is the last - format it by using the appropriate one of the following commands ; busybox mkfs . vat /dev/block/nandi void ' or busybox mkfs . vat /dev/block/nandj void ' or ' busybox mkfs . vat /dev/block/nandk void ' reboot . then you will be able to get it mounted . now u can hav peace of mind while flashing custom roms . enjoy . caveat - it may be that you have no entries at all for ' nand ' in /dev/block . this can occur if you have the wrong version of the nand . ko module in the root directory . sorry but , fixing that issue is beyond the scope of this tutorial .
i actually had this very same issue . i contacted nextbook and it was very hard to get in touch with them by phone or email . finally i got an email back with some ideas , including doing a reset for the whole tablet . however , i believe what actually fixed it is that i bought a cheap hdmi to mini-hdmi cable on amazon to plug into my tv ( which works quite nicely ) and once i plugged it in and out , that seemed to fix the problem of sound not working/screen rotating . i have not seen the problem happen again , so i think there was just some slight connection problem that is now okay . i hope it works for you .
just follow these directions to install the android driver . . . very easy ! how to install android driver
go and download the android sdk installer . when the sdk setup tool runs , you can select the usb drivers the drivers will be in &lt ; install_directory&gt ; extras\google\usb_driver find the android_winusb . inf and right click it click install if right click -> install does not work , then try the following start menu -> right click computer -> click properties click device manager ( on the left ) find the device in the hardware list , will probably have a " warning icon " right click the item and select update driver software select browse my computer for driver software select the usb driver directory noted above check include subfolders click next finished . . . your device should now have usable drivers so you can mount the sdcard . for reference , the android sdk documents also has a page with links to many of the different oem drivers too .
when talking about gaining root for a given device , it usually means obtaining it for the first time by developers . there are generally two ways of doing this . you can either find a software vulnerability that can be exploited to elevate permissions and sneak in the su ( superuser ) binary into write-protected system area , or you can flash an image of the device with root already in place . needless to say , exploiting vulnerabilities is a lot more difficult . this is where fastboot comes in . on some devices ( mostly htc and motorola ) fastboot is a special start-up mode that allows you to flash pre-made images onto various internal memory partitions . it is similar to samsung 's " download " mode , except instead of proprietary software like kies or odin ( and heimdall ) , it uses the fastboot utility that comes standard with android sdk . however , flashing can be , and usually is , restricted by device manufacturers to only images signed by the manufacturer themselves ( or the carriers ) . this is what is referred to as bootloader locking . most new phones ship with locked bootloaders , which makes it impossible to flash custom roms . you are back to having to root via the other , more difficult method . nexus devices come with unlockable bootloaders , so that you can flash roms easily and without restrictions . unlocking a bootloader of a nexus device is very easy as well . a pre-rooted image usually surfaces very quickly for these devices after they are released . it is worth noting that with android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) and even more so with 4.4 ( kitkat ) google has changed some low level os security policies , which renders old rooting methods obsolete . unlocking the bootloader and flashing a modified image of the os that circumvents these new policies will soon become the only way to really achieve root . you can read more about this here .
a generic answer can be found in the factory-reset tag-wiki . basically , it " empties " the /cache and /data partitions of your device , so all the apps you have installed and all your apps ' data will be gone for good . this does not necessarily apply to data on your sdcard : while some devices/roms offer to " wipe " those along , this is not done in most cases ( in my experience ) – and when it is done then usually only when the user explicitly specified to do so . now for your specific problem : if you really deleted your app store , a factory-reset will not bring it back : gone is gone . if you are unsure on what made it disappear , and your device is not rooted , it is unlikely you have really deleted it ; you might rather just have disabled it . so while a factory-reset in that case would bring it back , so would an atomics bomb kill a fly . before you go to factory-reset your device , try the following : go to settings→apps to be on the safe side , select the " all apps " tab scroll to the very end of the list . on some devices/roms disabled apps end up there , and on all devices/roms i have seen disabled apps are marked " disabled " . see if your app store is there . if it is there : tap the entry to open it , push the " enable " button if it is not there , scroll through the entire list : it might be ordered alphabetically or by some other criteria , and have the " disabled apps " mixed in . when found : see previous item ( open , enable , done ) if you did not succeed with those steps , you still can try a factory-reset .
take your phone to service center , and let them check whats wrong with your device , i have also got that issue in my micromax device , they changed it is mother board or main board , now my device is running smooth with my battery . fyi : i didnt need to change battery ,
i remember this being asked before this should do
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
try starring a place in google maps . sometimes when you say the name of a starred place it will work . however , it can be a bit patchy at times .
unless munged by samsung , while in the people app you should be able to go to menu &rarr ; contacts to display and then choose the account for which you want to see contacts . there is even a " customize " option which allows one to , for instance , only display contacts from certain of an account 's contact groups .
you can try the go locker . . . . .
it might be worthwhile to invest in a charge only cable . i use one for my tablet at home and in my car . the quality of the usb cable will also make a difference . cables do go bad . it sounds like you have ruled out all the other options so this might be worth trying .
i just checked charging details of my phone through this app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playfulgeeks.chargingreport
take a tooth brush and clean off the battery connector points in the battery casing of your phone .
charging is a simple process and can be represented by the below ( simplified ) equation : rate of charge = rate of electricity flow - rate of depletion to maximize the rate at which your phone charges at , you want to reduce the rate it is using up your battery as far as possible , and increase the speed at which current is flowing into your phone as much as possible . reducing battery usage this is pretty standard stuff , turn off all unnecessary toggles and apps . disable wifi , bluetooth , gps , and any constantly running apps . if you happen to be charging your phone in an area with poor or no cellular signal , the constant searching for mobile networks could be a significant contributing factor . go to settings-> battery usage ( or something similar , i do not own a samsung device so i can not be sure ) , and look at what is using up your battery . if possible , consider turning on airplane mode , or even turning your phone off completely to minimise battery usage . increasing speed of current flow look at the thing you are plugging your usb cable into . if you are charging it via your computer , chances are the current flow is around 1a or lower . that is okay , but not great . look around your house , or see if you can get your hands on a tablet charger . those often provide current at 1.5a or even 2a at times . that is twice the speed of a 1a charger . also , look at where you are plugging your charger into . if the socket is already heavily overloaded , consider plugging it in somewhere else , for safety 's sake at least still very slow . . . if at this stage , it is still charging very slowly , your battery may be the issue . since it seems to work fine in your friend 's phone , it may simply be your phone providing inaccurate information . try calibrating your phone 's battery and see if that helps .
using a 5v-2a charger will reduce the charging time . it works for me .
there is nothing in the settings for this , not even in the chrome beta app . i do not see anything at all in chrome://flags/ either . if this ever was a setting you could control it is gone now . it looks like your only viable option is to choose a new browser . fortunately , there are plenty to choose from .
for applications installed from market , you can go to Market &gt; Downloads for application name and developer info ; however built-in applications ( e . g . phone , calendar , other applications installed by default ) often are not shown in market list ( neither will they show in manage application either ) .
i am stuck with 2.1 ( htc desire ) for the time-being , so the app2sd provided by froyo is not available to me . i use appbrain which allows you to keep a synchroised list of the apps installed on your phone in your own ( free ) online account - and then the appbrain app on the phone will then automatically allow you to reinstall the apps you had before . i have used it numerous times when re-flashing my rom . downside - it is a fresh install ; so you lose any data within the apps . upside - free , easy and takes the ball-ache out of reinstalling ; it also allows you to install apps on the phone directly from the appbrain site .
hopefully the next time you get a phone it is froyo or better . i installed froyo on my nexus one and it knew what apps i had installed on the previous system and started to downloand and install a fresh copy for the new os . only downside was that any data with those apps was lost ( like the data from my tracks ) but the next time i upgrade i would imagine even that data will be transfered to the next phone !
google has now launched ( a while back , i believe ) a website for the android market you will find on your phone at market . android . com - just log in with your google account that you have your phone registered to . from there , you can install apps , browse ones that are compatible with your device , and also view all of your purchase history and library of apps , books , and movies found on your device . i am not sure if it will let you transfer apps back and forth between phones , as i only have one device , but i am pretty sure that there is likely a way to re-download purchased apps from there after you de-activate your first phone . hope this helps !
this is a feature that requires froyo , so unless you have a nexus one you will need to either root your phone ( which you have already said you do not want to do ) and install a froyo rom or wait for your manufacturer/carrier to issue you froyo in an update . either way , moving apps to your sd card is pretty straightforward . go into settings , then manage applications . there you should have the option to move your apps to your sd card .
first , try to contact google and/or lg . if they determine that warranty does not cover this , their own repair service might not be as expensive , compared to buying the parts and swapping the screen on your own . if you are not comfortable with taking apart and putting back together small electronics , i would advise against doing it yourself , as you may end up accidentally damaging the replacement parts , thus wasting your money . see if there are any local electronics repair shops that can do it for you instead . they may cost slightly more , but at least they will have more experience with phones . if you do decide to go the do-it-yourself route , there are many guides and walk-through videos available with a simple google search . the parts themselves are also easily found using google . keep in mind that depending on the damage , you may need to buy the lcd with digitizer combination , as opposed to only the glass panel .
if you open a file as context . mode_private , then the file is created in /data/data/app_packagename and is only accessible to your app . you can see the permission and owner of these files in command line . adb shell ls -al drwxr-x--x 1 app_28 app_28 2048 Dec 6 2011 com.android.mms  but files in sdcard is public to all user , so you cannot find out which folder belong to which app . files saved to the external storage are world-readable and can be modified by the user when they enable usb mass storage to transfer files on a computer . see this link for details .
that is a standard android warning . you get that warning when you try to install any keyboard . nope , it will not collect any such data .
try " colornote " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.socialnmobile.dictapps.notepad.color.notehl=en it stores the data on the ext sd card or usb storage , whatever applicable . so even when you wipe or reset your phone , your notes are still on the sd card .
yes , there is . tap the " multi " button in the tool bar at the top .
press the " multi " button and then select the files/folders you want , as explained on their help site : to select multiple files in astro you simply click the " multi " button . then , you choose the files or folders you would like to work with ( you will know they are selected because the names will turn orange . if you want to copy or move files , go to the location you want those files and press the copy or move buttons . if you want to delete , simply press the delete button and they will be removed .
a short google search for " spmo file " reveals that these are " speedview meta object " files and speed up the display of images . they are probably some sort of cache file and should be automatically recreated if you delete them .
the missing piece of information is that play music ( and most other music apps ) do not go round looking for music files . it would be a waste of battery if every app had to scan the storage for files ! instead , there is one built-in app , the media-scanner , that looks for music files and makes a database of their metadata : that is , the app reads the id3 tags from each file and stores the track name , artist , album and so on . any app on the device can access this database to find music files . ( it works the same way for videos and pictures . ) the app has to know to update this database , so when an app downloads new files , it has to tell this media scanner the new files are there . obviously btsync is not doing this . on older android versions it used to be possible for an app to just tell the media scanner to scan everything . this was a useful workaround for when apps like btsync did not do their duty , but it also meant some lazy app authors did this instead of telling the media scanner what files to scan , wasting the battery . for this reason , it is not possible to do this on android 4.4 . in the first instance , you should ask btsync 's author to tell the media scanner when it downloads a file . then there will not be any problem at all . until they fix their app , you should try one of the workarounds in this question .
( 1 ) what are the non-google alternatives to gmail , talk , voice , maps , google calendar on the nexus one ? can not say specifically about nexus one , but the stock android platform does not come with google-branded apps ; so , yes , it is possible for the phone to live without google . however , imo if you are using android and avoiding google 's services , you are missing a lot . the stock email application can sync to gmail or other mail services through imap and pop . however , just like syncing gmail from desktop through thunderbird/outlook , you will not be able to use the unique gmail features , like priority inbox , archival , labeling , etc . applications that uses cloud to device messaging ( a . k.a. push-to-device ) requires a google account . without c2dm , applications would have to poll their servers periodically , therefore draining the battery . there are alternative implementations c2dm that does not connect to google 's servers , however most programs are not designed for those alternative implementations and may have problems . google 's android market is the largest android market place . needless to say , you will not be able to download as much apps as easily if you avoid google 's android market . google maps and navigations can be replaced by , e.g. waze , navdroyd , ndrive , rmaps , etc . i do not think there is a good replacement for streetview , however . there are certainly replacements for google calendar , however , i have not used any of them , so i cannot comment on how good they are . ( 2 ) do they really perform as fast as the " native " google apps/services ? yes , if we are to believe google 's words , none of the google 's apps use any " hidden " android apis that could magically cause their software to outperform other applications . however , because google is google , google 's own apps typically have the best integration to the android platform and 3rd party programs typically would prefer to integrate their own apps with google 's applications . also , since nexus one is a " pure google experience " phone , this means rooting and installing custom roms on a nexus one is among the easiest from all android devices .
android comes with an email app that lets you use any pop3 , imap , or exchange account . talk can be replaced by meebo , ebuddy messenger , and many others . voice is a fairly unique service but some features can be sort of replaced -- you can use a sip phone number and an app like sipdroid for calls , or something like kik messenger for text-like instant messages ( think blackberry messenger ) . searching " maps " in the market shows several results that look promising , same with calendar . the email app is very , very buggy and low on features . i am confident there are other mail apps that are better though . on the other hand , talk is also pretty buggy ; i find ebuddy to be much better . and many people have problems with calendar . when it really comes down to it , a quality app is a quality app , whether google wrote it or not . android does not seem to be as biased toward google 's apps as windows was towards microsoft 's apps . my hodgepodge of google and non-google apps works well for me and i am sure you can get a set of apps that will work at least as well overall as google 's apps do .
if it does not allow you to clear defaults , you may be out of luck as that more than likely means samsung hardcoded what is used to open the message .
there are quite a few replacement dialer apps in the market - just search for ' dialer ' . there are quite a few , both paid and free . i have only tried one ( dialer one ) just to confirm that it can indeed replace the default dialer , but i do not think it is sensible to go into any particular dialer 's merits here .
the wildfire s only has 512mb of internal flash . none of this austere allotment is allocated to a user storage partition like is done on the galaxy s2 , s3 , etc .
if there is a short in the usb port on the phone it can cause charging to stop and heating up to occur . i guess that is well past your warranty period , but you could still take it into a phone shop and ask about getting the port replaced . i just had that done on my galaxy nexus and it only took about 15 minutes once the part came in .
there are 90% chances of it should be a hardware defect . most probably the micro usb pins inside your nexus might have been damaged . also there is a possibility of your battery nearing its lifetime . sometimes one in a million batteries die young . so i advice you to check your phone with another compatible battery .
you can read here . i think it is useful for you .
have you tried this guide from rootgalaxynote ? this answer is pending an edit . site is currently blocked at my location .
there is a big chapter on that in andrew hoog 's android forensics book on that ( see this amazon list for available copies ) . unfortunately , that book does not come for free ( but from elsevier ; so prices range from ~usd 20 for the kindle edition to ~usd 50 for the print , with some crazy offers for ~usd 170+ as well ) , but it explains a lot of background not only interesting for forensik specialists . a german version of this book now is available for eur 35 , published by franzis ( which can be found e.g. on its german amazon page as well as on the publishers site , see this link ) . while the link to androiduserland given in a comment on the question contains a very rudimentary list , a better ( though also incomplete ) documentation can be found at robotz.com. as said , this is far from being complete , but better for understanding . i remember having seen another documentation at android . com -- some hints can be found there e.g. in the storage options ( check " internal storage " and " external storage " here ) . but a complete documentation of the file system hierarchy is missing here as well . so again , the most complete documentation known to me is hoog 's forensics book . german speakers might also be interested in taking a look into the chapter dateisysteme und datenstrukturen of my book " die androiden-toolbox " , which ( in this community edition ) is freely available in html , mobipocket and pdf versions here on my ebook server ( if you prefer a printed copy with a few more details , the ( extended ) franzis edition das inoffizielle android-systemhandbuch will be available end of this month , i.e. starting around the 26.11.2012 ) . disclosure : as said , i am the author of the second book mentioned . and , not yet mentioned , the translator for the german version of andrew hoog 's book . but that does not mean i hold back other sources here , of course .
notes : rooting allows you to install a custom recovery ( clockwork mod or amonra ) to install roms s-off allows you to change the hboot to rearrange your internal partitions i rooted with unrevoked before i used alpharev 's s-off some months later nowadays it is easier apparently . you can get s-off with unrevoked forever too but i am not sure your phone is supported . and unrevoked/alpharev teamed up for revolutionary finally , there are many roms out there , some are better then others . i use oxygen personally with the oxygen hboot for 330mb internal data space . i would use devnull ( same developers ) but it does not have long press to kill
for rooting htc desire 2.3.3 official update you have to use revolutionary . io beta app . its very simple process . you have to download the program on your computer ( windows/linux ) , get the beta key from the website and follow the steps the program asks you to do . i have written a detailed blog here if you want .
from your contact list , select the facebook contact that you would like to edit . click the menu button and choose edit contact . you will see an indication that the user is a facebook contact and may not be edited . now click the menu button again and choose new contact . this will create a new contact in your address book and merge the facebook profile information with that contact . you may now edit the contact to have additional details , such as a phone number .
depending on the set up of your profile use the following : in the task step add the if statement : %CNUM ~ 9*/8* this means that the step will be executed only for number starting with 9 or 8 . alternatively , set up the whole profile to only activate if the caller 's number starts with 8 or 9 . in event ( like incoming call ) settings : caller ( normally says optional ) specify 9*/8* this means the profile will be only activated if the number starts with 9 or 8 . hopefully , this will work for you . for more info see : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
perhaps some contact information got corrupted . try re-syncing the contacts on the phone . Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , scroll down to " contacts " app and tap on it , select " clear data " . do the same for the " contacts storage " app . this should clear all contacts data . now go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync , go into every account you have and toggle the " sync contacts " option off and back on . this should force an immediate re-sync .
my experience with this has been with non-mobile type numbers . if you happen to have multiple numbers for a contact , and for some reason it happens to select the Home or Work number rather than the Mobile , it will disallow you to send text messages to these numbers . have you checked to make sure the number you are sending it to is classified as mobile ?
i do not know why this is happening but you may be able to fix it by clearing the data from your messaging app . from the home screen you go to settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications then choose the messaging app ( or whatever your sms app is called ) . if the option to clear the cache is there try that first but most likely you will have to choose to " clear data " . i believe this will delete all the messages you have saved so keep this in mind .
this is a problem i face with few contacts on my p500 too ! try merging contacts with their fb account or twitter account or just create a buffer account and join them . it works after that . not a great solution but been working that way now !
it may because the messaging app " only mobile numbers " setting enabled , try to disable it . on messaging app : Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Extra Settings &gt; Only Mobile Numbers 
are you absolutely sure you are using the stock messaging app of android 2.2 ? ( maybe you could be using a modified version by your manufacturer which may be buggy ) . anyways try the following ( which is for froyo 's default messaging app ) go to text message settings > " manage sim card messages " ( check if any messages are there and try to move it back from it ) . go to your conversation , long press the " menu options " softkey on your android to get the keyboards and start typing to see if the field pops back .
with the recent update google navigation service only works with location activated . i could not get it to work with location disabled regardless of gps status .
you can still use gps without having google location services enabled . when you disable the location services you are opting out of sending data to google . google location services is actually an internet database ( google location server ) that is made available to mobile device manufacturers as an application licensed by google . this is the database that is updated with wifi and cell id data from devices running android , and was initially populated with data collected by the street view cars ( up until 2010 anyway ) . it helps your device obtain a quicker initial fix by using wifi ap or cell id information . it is used to augment the gps , uses less battery life , and is sometimes used instead of gps if you are indoors or do not have strong gps signal . as noted on google 's support site , for ics 4.0+ maps will still work with just the gps activated . http://support.google.com/gmm/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=165333 in short , the settings you have above should allow you to use your gps without the help of the cellular network or nearby wi-fi aps . you will have to be outdoors in order to use this feature though , and it can take up to 4 minutes to get a location . so if you are waiting on a fix and you have google location services disabled , you will have to be patient . let 's address the battery drain--review the third-party location-aware applications you have installed . some are poorly programmed and could be requesting gps refreshes at a high rate , taxing your battery . also if you are only using gps to navigate , it is a battery hog .
i do not have an htc one , but i use go sms pro which is a third party sms/mms app that has a easy setting in there to only show a " new message " notification instead of actually showing the message 's contents . you said you did not want another application , so you might be able to look through the settings of the default messaging app on the one and see if there is something similar . if not , i highly recommend go sms pro to solve this issue and several others .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
catch notes should accomplish this very well . they even have a widget that allows you to take a picture and go straight into their editor to comment and add notes . highly recommended . they also have a web counterpart which may make viewing/managing your notes easier . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.threebanana.notes
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
disabling fast boot may resolv the problem as it did for my brotrher
root is only required if you are installing a system app within the confines of the android os . if you can flash your own rom , you can bypass any restrictions that the os has , because you are able to do anything you want with a custom bootloader before the os has a chance to load and restrict things . if you are creating a custom rom ( off-topic for this site ) , you can edit the rom on a desktop and flash it to the phone . you could simply flash a file using a custom recovery ( such as twrp or clockworkmod ) . if you are on a stock phone with a locked bootloader , you could always root your phone temporarily , remount system as read-write , add the application , then remove root . as far as updates go , as long as the application in the system directory is signed by your key , you should be able to update it ( root not required ) . you will need a way to get updates out , though . you could post in the google play store , use a 3rd party store ( such as amazon app store or f-droid ) , or have the user download the app and side-load it . if you also wrote the app in question , you could probably program a way to self-update as well ( also off-topic for this site ) .
you google apps will work exactly the same as before ; either they will be prepackaged with cm or you will download an update pack that will install them for you . battery/radio/gps issues are mostly related to specific hardware . you had have to check the cm forums and wiki for your phone model to answer that one . compatibility is an issue for some apps , but in the vast majority of cases the answer to this will be no ( and in fact , some apps are compatible with cm but not with stock roms ) . you can most definitely still use the phone to develop apps : ) the nice thing with flashing a new rom is that you can go back to the stock experience anytime you like , either by making a backup or downloading the stock rom and keeping it around to flash later if you want it . so you are not really risking anything except some time invested in fiddling the roms .
i do not think this precise behavior exists in adw at the moment . however , you can lock your desktop entirely if you want to , which prevents you from moving any of the icons or adding new icons ( or widgets ) . you will have to unlock it whenever you want add widgets/icons but it is only three clicks ( Menu button-&gt;More-&gt;(un)Lock Desktop ) .
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
same problem here . with 2 nexus 7s , one did not sync and the other did . the google drive app seems to be the curlpit . after uninstalling and reinstalling drive sync started working properly .
i have a similar profile for nighttime and i do not use an exit task . since the task only runs during the time span you specify , it should shut off by itself once it is 7:30am .
according to this page , if you need to connect to the device with adb then you will have to connect to adb via tcp . to enter adb tcp mode enter adb connect &lt;device-ip-address&gt;:5555 to go back to adb over usb enter adb usb
i think you are saying you want the pc to be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to your phone ) but for the phone to also be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to this other device ) . no , that will not work . usb connections are based on a tree structure . given this : PC----Hub----OtherDevice | | Phone  Phone can not be the parent of OtherDevice unless it is also the parent of Hub and therefore the PC . you should connect the phone directly to the other device , and access the phone over the network from the pc as ryan says in his answer .
no . to move the app to /system/app directory your phone must be already rooted . you would want to install apex launcher as system app i.e. install in /system/app because of the following reason . note : due to limitations of the android framework , you will not be able to add widgets from the drawer unless apex launcher is installed as a system app ( root required ) . please read the faq for more information . if i misunderstood your question and if you were asking if installing app as system app in a rooted phone is that easy , then the answer is yes . you can do it as you have said and once you remove it , your phone will be back to the " ok " state . you can also use program like es file explorer or use adb to install as a system app .
it is impossible to tell , the effect of overclocking varies depending on the specific software and hardware . however it likely will not make any notable difference if you are only getting 7fps in a game . overclocking is highly unlikely to make an unplayable game improved to the point where the game becomes playable , except in very rare circumstances such as with games that have a speed budget to decide whether to frame skip and your phone is just barely below the budget which causes it to consistently frame skips and the extra processing power manages to push it to be consistently below the budget . some argue that raising clock speed alone does not really guarantee better performance , since microarchitecture and bus speeds are what determines ultimate performance . performance is a complex thing , but one thing for sure is that cpu is rarely the bottleneck in many applications . booting , for example , is io bound , the bottleneck of booting is how fast it can marshal data from the persistent storage to ram . in short , you will have to try it yourself .
you can not ( reliably ) combine a kernel with a ramdisk from a different kernel . the ramdisk contains the kernel modules you build , so it has to go with the exact same kernel build . if you build a kernel , you have to flash the ramdisk produced by that build along with the kernel image ( and vice-versa ) .
are you able to replicate the same error on other computers and oss ? if it is just your computer , remove all drivers and related software and then connect your device and add them again . otherwise , you can attempt to ftp to your device using solid explorer . it does not require a cable ; you had be able to transfer files over wifi ( albeit a little slower ) .
when starting your phone in step 2 of your example , hold the volume down only . once the warning screen appears , then press volume up .
please read the main how do i root my android device from this site . this is a blog on rooting the device and installing gapps on the device ( if necessary ) . this is the xda thread on the root apk this should be a one click rooting process . this is a recovery / rom for the device as always the disclaimer to this applies : rooting your phone may void your carrier and manufacturer warranty . you accept all responsibility if you brick your device . if you are ever in doubt stop ! this is not something to take lightly . read this also as it relates to the risk of rooting a device . and once more i have to emphasise : always backup everything , all the time . then back it up again .
i have a galaxy note 2 . i opened a new message and at the top of the screen is a keyboard symbol . i pulled down the screen to then be able to " choose input method " which i tapped on . i then tapped " set up input methods " and tapped the settings icon next to " samsung keyboard " which then allowed me to de-select predictive text . i have now been able to customise my settings a little .
go to google play books , find the book ( s ) , click on the menu ( three vertical dots ) , choose " remove from my library " , and agree to the confirmation that pops up . the books should now be gone from your library and will , once your device syncs , be gone from the device as well .
do not worry , you have a few options ! option one : ( i do not have an n7 anymore , so i do not remember if it supports adb push in twrp . but i think it does ) boot into twrp and use adb to push the file from your computer to your device . you can try to open a windows cmd prompt or linux terminal emulator , navigate to the local file , then do the following : adb push AOSP-4.3-JWR66V-grouper-rooted_Androguide.zip /sdcard/ this will push the file to the /sdcard/ directory - which should exist already ( even on a nexus device ) . option two : boot the device to fastboot/bootloader mode and flash any of the factory system images via the fastboot tool . because using fastboot can be intimidating . you could also use the nexus 7 toolkit to automate the process . this will put stock android back on your device , and will also remove twrp . fortunately , you can use the toolkit or fastboot to reinstall twrp immediately afterward .
my phone has spontaneously changed to this configuration on the lock screen . i would like to get back to the previous configuration of the clock at the top and the full size pattern lock . it is impossible to drag or otherwise change the position of the widgets or pattern lock dots on the lock screen . once unlocked , there is no interface to adjust the lock screen widgets . galaxy s4 sgh-m919 , android 4.2.2 , touchwiz . does anyone know how to configure this aspect of the lock screen ?
it was added in a recent update as a pro-only feature . Edit schedule -&gt; when finished -&gt; Sync to Dropbox 
in my experience , titanium backup didnt work like what i wanted it to do . so now i use realsync pro , witch automatically syncs all photos from phone to dropbox each time i am on my home wifi network . works great ! get it here .
titanium backup does not have this feature yet . but , you can do this to automate it : install dropsync . link titaniumbackup directory ( whatever it is ) with a folder on dropbox . configure auto sync interval of dropsync to whatever you want ( scheduling ) . done ! free version of dropsync allows only one directory sync which is enough for this job . i have been using dropsync for 5 months and i have not faced any issues yet .
if it is a supported device , then this should basically be the process as it is the same for every supported device i have experienced . put the cyanogenmod update zip file on the device sdcard ( or internal storage ) also put the google apps update package that corresponds to the cm version on the sdcard boot the device in to recovery mode you can create a backup in the recovery image ( probably clockworkmod recovery ) clear the cache and wipe the data install zip from sdcard ( selecting the cyanogenmod zip ) install zip from sdcard ( selecting the google apps zip ) reboot the device . if you have rom manager , a lot of this process may even be easier . with rom manager , which can also install clockworkmod recovery if it is supported on the device , you can download cyanogenmod , the google apps package , clear the cache and user data , and perform the backup . it will then reboot the device and perform all those steps . now , as i said , i am not 100% sure that cm is supported on this device , so there may be other steps required to get an unofficial version working on the device . with that said , samsung devices are usually pretty easy to get back to the stock version if something goes wrong ( soft brick ) . it is pretty hard to brick these devices , i have had a couple scares , but i have always been able to revert back to original stock rom by using odin .
besides being unable to make traditional voice calls , one difference is there is no earpiece , so unless you have headphones , your voip calls , video chats , etc . . . will all be on speaker . since it is a tablet , it is obvious why you would not have one and it would look crazy holding that giant thing up to your ear . another difference that people also tend to overlook is sms . since there is no phone number associated with the tablet you will not get sms service . that can be mitigated by using services such as google voice which uses data instead of the sms protocol to send these messages but yet are delivered to the recipient as sms messages . due to the above you will be missing the phone and messaging app components of the android os on the nexus 7 ( although as of 4.4 messaging app has been integrated with hangouts ) . also you will have support for multiple user profiles on your tablet , which is not an option on android phones . btw , you will probably need to wear cargo pants to accommodate a nexus 7 , as it would probably be too large in your front pocket for you to sit comfortably .
i have been using lux lite and it works well for me . lux is not your ordinary brightness app . it intelligently adjusts the brightness of your display based on the environment you are in . if you step into a dimly lit room , lux will automatically lower the brightness of your display to make it not only comfortable to read , but to also preserve battery power . lux is also able to adjust the screen temperature of your display automatically to make it appropriate for night usage . at sunset , you can have lux automatically warm your display and switch to your night profile . if you are an astronomer , you can enable astronomer mode to cut out harsh white light . if you have a root enabled phone , you may even be able to apply these enhancements at a low level with lux 's plug-in system . perhaps the best thing about lux is that you can teach it how to behave . if the backlight is too bright or dim for your liking , simply open the provided dashboard , adjust the brightness slider to the level you desire , then hold the link button . lux will use this new ' link ' as a reference in future .
from previous experience , rebooting the device should fix the issue .
provided you are rooted and your rom supports changing the boot animation , there are a number of apps in the play store . here 's one - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jrummy.apps.boot.animations
the problem here is that adb forwarding attaches itself to the local loopback interface ( 127.0.0.1 ) , and you have no forwarding from the lan interface ( 192.168.43.198 ) to the loopback interface . the method you can use to achieve this depends on your platform . i do not know what you could use in windows , but on linux you can use rinetd and on osx you can use ipfw linux : add the following lines to your /etc/rinetd.conf: # bindaddress bindport connectaddress connectport 192.168.43.198 40000 127.0.0.1 40000  then restart rinetd with service rinetd restart or /etc/init.d/rinetd restart . osx : ipfw add fwd 127.0.0.1,40000 tcp from any to 192.168.43.198 dst-port 40000 
on my google nexus s , the only way i have found is to use browser access to my gmail contacts , or to log the birthday as a note then transfer later . my htc incredible s can capture birthdays natively in the htc people application , but overall i prefer the " native " google look and feel to htc 's . as far as i could tell looking at a galaxy nexus in a shop on release day , this is still true for ice cream sandwich ( ics ) , at least in the native google application . not good - hope it is fixed soon .
on my phone , i can not enter contact 's birthdays , but if i have previously entered their birthday on gmail then it does appear in their contacts entry on the phone , and i can edit it there . not that useful , as the birthday field is something you are likely to add to someone , and then its not very likely to ever change after that ! one workaround that i use if i am entering this on the phone is to add their birthday into the notes field , and then later on when i am at a pc i can go into gmail and put the birthday in properly . this is using the contacts app on a galaxy s using their stock froyo ( 2.2.1 ) .
i can edit the birthdays in the " people " app on my htc desire just fine ( running android 2.2 ) . so maybe it is a phone-dependent thing ?
no , at this point in time , the only way is to go to the contacts section in gmail and edit a contact 's birthday afaik .
this looks like the file did not download properly . are downloading the file over wifi or mobile network ? if over mobile network , try wifi , and if wifi try mobile network . it looks like the file is corrupt and cannot be flashed - try opening the file on your computer or by using a file manager on your device . you can also try and use desktop update software .
hurrey ! after quite a bit of research i am now able to answer my own question . i was able to clean install jelly bean ( in opposite to the usual method of upgrading ) using official images posted by google . this obviously solved the issue . here are my instructions how to do this .
what you need to do is to enter the account information on the new tablet . it should ask you for it ( along with the other stuff like the time and date ) when you first power the device up . alternatively , it will ask you for it when you open up the play store/market app on the device . there is no need to remove the previous device from your account nor is there any way to . you can have at least 10 devices associated to the same google account at the same time . also , the device will automatically get removed from your account after it has not been in contact with the play store for about 9 months .
this device is not listed in google 's list of devices supported by google play . not all android devices have ( or can run ) google play : android is open-source , so anyone can make an android device , but only those certified by the open handset alliance are allowed the google apps and google play . it does not seem likely you will be able to use google play with this device . the manufacturer 's website looks like it was made by children , and shopnbc is the only retailer that advertises the device . i would suggest you stop buying tablets that are cheaply made for shopping channels and buy one from a reputable manufacturer .
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
on cm go to settings > applications open the application you want to restrict . scroll down to the permissions section and strike off internet access by clicking on the permission . alternatively you could use an application like lbe privacy guard to restrict access . with this method you can restrict any permission . sometimes apps start force-closing when you revoke permissions so be careful !
next to the settings pointed out by peanut 's answer , it might be worth to check some special roaming apps like e.g. roaming control : roaming control automatically enables or disables mobile data connection , airplane mode or auto sync based on the currently active network operator . ( emphasis mine ) . if your mail client obeys the sync settings , this should be an excellent alternative : have it checking mails in background usually , but just not while in roaming . best explained by a screenshot : roaming control ( click for larger variant )
if you go into settings -> data usage you can see which apps are using the most data . it is possible to turn them off using data in the background by clicking on the app and then selecting " restrict background data " . see this and this for pictures and further detail . also if it is just email you are using you can probably turn it off automatically checking depending on the client and email service you are using . if you are using gmail then go into the gmail app , go to the settings for your account and turn off " sync gmail " .
is that for the cm9 rc1 that was released yesterday ? :d there is two things you need to do : remove the simlock first ! ( flashing a rom with simlock on could spell disaster ) unlock the bootloader to enable you to run custom roms . as for the way things are , there is no true cwm recovery for the sony due to the inherent nature of how sony does it ( its different ! ) - when you unlock the bootloader , you are also unlocking recovery but , the boot and recovery are residing on the one partition so do not try flash cwm into it otherwise bam , goodbye ! there is an app on the market , for a cwm which is not a real cwm ( it dumps its binaries into the /system directory ) which by the way , must remind you need root for this ! you will need se1tool ( iirc ) to flash the latest rom , you could also check out the freexperia project for information on this , freexperia is by jerpelea , which is now what you are seeing , as cm9 .
eventually i resorted to restoring my phone to factory settings , and now this works again .
it was enough flashing the device with ruu_buzz_froyo_htc_wwe_2.22.405.1_radio_13.55.55.24h_3.35.20.10_release_160191_signed . exe
i use an app called delayed lock . you can set it to stay unlocked for a set time after last unlock or after screen off and then it will enable the pin/pw again . it can also be used to unlock the device on specific wifi networks and lock when it disconnects ( you still have to use your pin/pw the first time ) . and there is a plugin for it that uses location to disable the pin/pw as well .
you need to install custom recovery and flash new roms from this recovery . if you choose the correct custom rom for you phone and follow the developer 's installation guide , there will not be any problem . if you wanna know where you can find custom roms for your phone , take a look at this question . i recommend xda developers . you can find a lot of roms with user 's reply so you can consider before flashing the rom .
if you are already rooted and using a custom rom you probably have a recovery installed . you wont have any problem if you change the rom but make sure you have made a nandroid backup before doing anything so that you can revert back to your current state in case anything goes wrong . choose the new custom rom wisely and follow the instruction therein and you will be alright .
providing the o/s is up to date enough to run most of the apps at the " store " then it is simply a case of downloading one of the few apps already dedicated for security captures . there are a few apps that allow pictures to be taken and uploaded via ftp and one i seen had a motion sensor option . another option would be a vnc type connection so you can manually control the functions of the recycled phones . again if the phone is able to run these programs , these apps already exist . if you were writing the code you would need to target early versions of android o/s to find your niche among the other cool apps that do what you are picturing . if you are asking if anyone has had the idea to use these " recycled " phones and redistribute them in one way or another , i have never seen any that market used smartphones as a security network . there are projects that can activate old phones for the needy , some that donate to soldiers , and a few that recycle the precious metals inside but i have yet to find any that fit your question as asked . however for the prices mentioned you can get dedicated ip cameras for close to the same cost . if your company were to take donated phones with the intent of refurbishing and redistributed to the " under privileged " or lower income families for extra security you may have a better chance of attracting supporters / backers . interesting concept , absolutely feasible , i hope you are successful .
those instructions are bs . flash does not work on 2.1 . however , there are several devices that run flash lite ( it came on my galaxy s vibrant , for example ) . someone with flash lite tried that and thought they had real flash when really they just had lite , and it spread for a while before being debunked . just read the comments on that post . edit : according to lie ryan 's comment below , full flash is compiled for armv7 chips , and so will not work on other processors even with 2.2 . edit 2 : adobe now has a list of devices that run flash : http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
you will not be able to do this without being rooted . lots of custom roms ( custom android oss ) will have this built in , or there are apps to do this as well .
the logo you are referring is known as Boot Logo . you can only change this if your phone 's rooted . after that you can change the logo by replacing logo.bin from the system folder manually or your can flash any zip file through cwm/twrp custom recovery 's .
you have to be rooted , but any boot animation changer can do this . here is an example from the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jrummy.apps.boot.animations
you generally do not need to root the phone to install the custom rom , you have to root the phone to install a mechanism to install the custom rom ( such as a custom recovery image ) . some phones have unlockable bootloaders - you can flash boot and system . img files via the bootloader without the need to root . you can also flash a custom recovery image using fastboot without being rooted . you would need to install a custom recovery as the stock recovery checks that the update zip is signed - and most custom rom zips are not signed . you might need to root to install a custom recovery image if your device does not support fastboot , but generally you do not need to - it just comes with the image you install . samsung devices have download mode - no need to be rooted to use that , you just need odin . if i connect the phone to a pc then does not that give me access to the entire file system of the device ? if so , then why can not i just overwrite the relevant parts of the fs with whatever rom i want ? no , it does not . it gives you read only access , so you can not overwrite files in the /system directory . root can be used to make /system read-writeable .
short answer : for security and warranty reasons . detailed answer : this is mostly a precaution taken by most ( not all ! ) device manufacturers to save them from too many service requests from " playing kiddies " ( and the sort of people who want to try everything , even if they are not understanding anything ) . so those manufacturers took special actions to avoid " custom roms " ( or , more precisely , any roms not provided by themselves ) to be flashed . as t0mm13b already pointed out in his comments above , by default you do not get physical access to your devices file system simply by connecting it via usb . depending on device , android version , and some more criteria , you get only to see parts . this might be the entire sd card ( physical , in ums mode ) , or even only " logical " access to parts of it via mtp . some more privileged access can be gained via adb when enabling usb debug -- but with a stock rom , in none of these cases you gain full access . now how are updates accomplished then ? one very common practice is the use of a special zip file ( update.zip ) . this is placed on the sd card , which is inserted into the device , and the device is booted into a special mode ( recovery ) , where the update.zip can be applied from . but : the device checks the integrity of that update.zip -- it must be signed with the manufacturers key . for obvious reasons , that key is not freely available -- so no custom rom can be installed this way on such a stock system . all these things can be circumvented only with super-user access to the device -- which means : you must root it . so that is for the why part -- while not handling the how part of rooting . exactly as you asked for : ) update for even more details as liam pointed out in his comment that using fastboot would be a method to flash custom roms without the pre-condition of having the device rooted , i did a little more research to find out about this . i will continue looking into this , but still already wanted to add my first results here . up to a certain point , liam is right with this : it seems not only valid to samsung devices ( as i assumed first ) , but some other devices ( not all ) also support this method , without root being involved ( aside from the fact that most custom roms will ship rooted , of course -- so you will have root available after installing them ) . however , there are devices which seem to require root even for fastboot flash ( see e.g. theunlockr concerning the iconia a100 , quote : you must have rooted your device before doing this procedure . -- and yes , they use fastboot flash recovery recovery.img afterwards ) . however , even if fastboot works for your unrooted device , there is one crucial point to consider : to flash a rom for your android device with fastboot you must have an unlocked bootloader or an engineering bootloader ( flashing guide - android - xda-developers ) which means : if your bootloader is locked , you need to unlock it first , which will wipe ( factory-reset ) your device . so all data will be gone for good this way -- while with root you could have done a complete backup ( nandroid , titanium backup ) before this step . however , starting with android 4.0 , this is no longer a real problem -- as you can do a full backup via adb ( see : full backup of non-rooted devices ) summary : there are devices requiring to be rooted before you can flash a custom rom . if your device falls into this category , the reasons for why is root access required to flash a custom rom are those mentioned above . however : there are also devices which can be flashed using fastboot without being rooted before . if your device falls into that category , the question why is root access required to flash a custom rom becomes invalid ( the answer not , as ex falso quodlibet sequitur ( "from false can follow anything" ) you can draw any conclusion from a wrong premise : ) that is : if rooting is required , the above is why .
meridian media player has support for lyrics - i believe , embedded as well as . lrc files , but you might need the payware pro version for that functionality to be enabled . update : you are right ! turns out i had . lrc files in my music folder which is why i was seeing lyrics .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
is there something in the android architecture that prevents people from creating mp3 players that read embedded lyrics ? apparently the answer is " yes . " there is an open issue in android 's issue tracker on this very problem . only users with commit permission may comment , but you can star and follow the issue and perhaps help it get more attention .
well , like the other forum i would also say there is just no problem with using two or more devices over a single gmail account . i remembered you said that " local mail servers and gmail server"data gets deleted . i think that might happen because of something else i.e. not related only with the gmail account . do one thing try factory resetting your device and then try putting the gmail account back in place and see if that again disappears or not ! ps : make sure you backup your data before moving forward with the factory resetting .
well , no there is no any test which could help you in determining , and yes one more thing os upgrades make your device faster rather than slower . so i am sorry but i do not think that there is any use of asking such question . flashing rom other than the stock rom can results in decreasing speed or other similar problems but i do not think that downloading and installing the os upgrades received directly from the vendor will slow your device down , because before feeding those rom over the air they perform a number of test to give your flawless experience .
there is no " test " to my knowledge like there was for windows . however , to ensure the best results from an upgrade i recommend factory resetting your phone after you back up your information . this will ensure no third party app incompatibilities with the updated software .
are you sure that the problem comes from the handset ? sometimes , it is only the time required to be paired with the closest bts ( or nodeb in 3g ) , and you can not do anything but require explicitly the network by placing a call . the most common way to do this is to call your answer machine , which is free and always instructive : )
since your phone is rooted you can use wanam xposed note that the framework itself does not add any functionality , but once installed you can download ( via the framework itself ) modules that have custom functionality . wanam xposed module has many tweaks for stock samsung touchwiz roms , gravitybox has many for morer ' stock ' type roms . you can change the sms limit through either , in the default sms application . please read the xda thread on this module as it has a lot of detail , and clarifications . xda thread
i have occasionally seen a new ( or factory reset ) n7 refuse to appear on a pc until you change the storage mode to camera then back to mtp . from memory ( i do not have my n7 to hand ) go to settings , storage , tap the three dot menu and there is an option to change the storage mode there .
most likely a hardware issue . i recommend you get your device repaired by sending it to google/asus .
as for uninstalling apps , i do not think so . standard apps ( ones that do not use root access ) have at most three parts : a single executable file a .apk archive containing the entire app -- similar to windows apps that are entirely contained in a .exe file ( like most installers : it not only carries all the code it needs but also all pictures , config files it needs , etc . ) it is stored in /data/app usually a single folder containing all userdata this is for things like settings storage , or caches although this is comparable to yoir appdata folder it does not get cluttered because apps are only allowed a single folder here that is managed completely by the system and is easily deleted when uninstalled stored in /data/data possibly another folder in /sdcard/Android/data basically the same as the /data/data folder but if the app needs a lot of space for extra files it puts them here when an app is uninstalled , all these parts are destroyed by the system , so i can not think of anything that would get cluttered but the fragmentation of the sdcard . do not download any defrag apps ( i have not found a single one that was not some sort of scam ) . instead , get a card reader and defrag it on your pc if need be . edit : as suggested by izzy below , sd maid is a nice manager/cleaner
did you guys checkout the updated amazon 's official help documentation ? how can i delete an app from the my apps list ? visit your apps from a web browser . select " delete this app " from the " actions . . . " drop down menu to the right of the app you had like to delete . confirm you had like to delete the app and your app will be removed from the my apps list on all android devices registered to your account . if the app has been downloaded to a device , it will have to be manually uninstalled .
just fyi , they have instructions posted on their site under the " your apps and device " section of amazon.com/apps , support should have been able to respond to that very quickly . uninstall is definitely lacking in the app itself . note : if you uninstall the amazon appstore itself , some apps downloaded through it may no longer function , this was confirmed with angry birds rio by droid-life .
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
i had a similar issue with my nexus 4 after flashing the factory images what fixed it for me was going into [ stock ] recovery and selecting clear cache and doing a factory wipe , that seemed to fix the partition sizes oh also check to see that you have the latest bootloader on the device too , check out https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images for the most recent factory images
your ending question differs in a little but significant point from your introductionary question . but let 's go step by step : sure it is possible to install an older version of an app over an already installed newer version . for a user app : make sure you have permitted installation from unknown-sources ( see its tag-wiki for details ) open/launch the .apk file using a file manager , web browser , or similar the package installer should fire , asking you if you want to replace the installed app by this " older version " . but be aware that though installation most likely succeeds , the app might experience problems if the newer version e.g. had updated the structure of its database ( i had this only once yet , and the affected app just force-closed when trying to start it ) . if in such a case you insist on using the old version , the only way to make it work is to clear its cache and data . now to your final question . this is not just about installing an older version , but about signing it . yes , that can be done as well . you have simply got to ask the developer of the original app to give you his signing key . trouble is , his answer will ( and should ) be " no " . alternatively , you might give him the files and ask him to sign them with his key . assuming it is the manufacturer 's company behind it , the expected answer again is a " no " , though . so your real question rather reads : i have got an app already installed on my device . is it possible to install a different ( older ) version of it which has a different signature ­– without rooting and patching system with lucky patcher or previously uninstalling the newer version ? the answer is : no , that is not possible : signature check will fail , so you had have to uninstall the app first when using the " normal approach " as shown above overriding this signature check without root imho is not possible changing the signature to match imho is not possible unless you have got the developers key
if you are using apex launcher , i remember that you can disable scrolling wallpaper in apex settings , just try to find this option yourself . fyi : touchwiz launcher does not have scrolling wallpaper from jelly bean up .
i use wallpaper wallpaper wizardrii™ from google play store which exactly matches your requirement . you can find details in the app 's wiki .
as of march 10 you can install the ' arctools ' from the appslib . this will let you install the android market - and thus also gmail , flash and all the things which are unavailable otherwise . did this yesterday on my archos 101 and this worked without problems . i know now have the official facebook , the tweetcaster program - to name but a few programs i was really missing .
you probably need to side-load a market . apk file that is been hacked to work with your device . this will require root . you could also load a custom rom with the market already on it . i recommend searching xda . that said , you will not be able to get flash unless you have/get 2.2 . flash requires android 2.2+ as well as an armv7 or better processor . the 70 series is supposed to have an a8 cortex based on armv7 , so that part 's ok .
to control the breadth of activities this app declares for itself , it probably has set itself up as a device administrator , to control the ability to run many aspects of your device automatically . it probably hides itself from uninstall while device administrator rights are active . i would start by searching settings> security> device administrators , and deselect the android lost app . once deselected here , check the task list to see if it has stopped running . force close if necessary . it may then appear on the settings> application manager list to allow for uninstall . if not , attempt a reboot , and check the task list again . if necessary , force close the app again and attempt an uninstall . understanding of these types of apps and their unmittigated control is why downloading from unknown sources is intentionally complicated .
i guess these issues are solved as i have never encountered such on my desire hd .
there are solutions if you encounter problems ( which i did myself ) . one thing to try if you get " laggy " or " jagged " video is to disable usb debugging or uninstall the flash updates from market . i would imagine this issue does not occur on the latest batch of devices ; my friend 's just got the dhd and it is working fine .
same issue on an htc desire ( android 2.3.3 ) i had a crazy scrolling when tapping a text input field ( the field get the focus but was scrolled out of the screen ) and even worst : when entering values from the native keypad , each keytap was creating an arbitrary scroll . . after seeing this article i looked for some specific -webkit-transform tags and after removing them the issue is gone ! the lines were not even used , it was leftovers from previous attempts staying aside in a css file ! ! !
i can not tell what it will look like ( as i do not know all the details , e.g. your bt devices mac ) , but i can show you the way to create such a profile : condition : state → bluetooth connected ( parameter : bt mac of the ant+ device ) task : launch app ( select endomo ) worth reading : tasker user guide ( easy to look up things here ; )
go on this forum , maybe it will help you http://androidforums.com/international-galaxy-s4-all-things-root/732797-rooting-galaxy-s4-dummies-guide.html
it has only been hidden since android 4.2 . back in android 2.3 , you just need to go to settings/applications/development
according to their dev blog , the appstore does download a small token for drm'd apps which it uses to validate them at launch : how can you verify that the user has an entitlement to the app without internet access ? during the installation process for an app , the amazon appstore client downloads a small token that grants the user the right to access the application . a valid token permits the user that purchased the app to access their app offline . the amazon appstore client will periodically communicate with amazon servers to refresh the token . my guess as to why you see the error is that the token is either out of date or just got corrupted somehow ( bug in the appstore maybe ) . re-downloading probably refreshes the token since it is originally retrieved at install time , but it sounds like you may also be able to clear the appstore data and sign in to get a valid token , or possibly just launch the appstore and let it connect/refresh itself ( have not tried these myself as i have not had this error yet ) .
i just learned this lesson the hard way . amazon requires at least a once daily connection to the internet or you will not be able to access your apps purchased from them . i was overseas with spotty internet service and after one day all apps gave me the same error message . amazon made no apologies when i complained , but they refunded my purchases so i could buy them again through the android market , which does not have such idiotic requirements .
sms messages ( aka " text messages" ) do not go over wi-fi , so it is not possible to track them that way . if you do not think you can install anything on the phone , the only way is through the carrier , and since intercepting other people 's communications is against the law in most places , they are not likely to help you do that .
i had the same problem… . . downloading the firmware update from asus ( from the hd7 tablet ) appear to have solved the problems . remember , you must un-mount the micro sd before removing it……………… see manual http://dlcdnet.asus.com/pub/asus/eeepad/me173x/e8255_k00b_me173x_em.pdf good luck good luck
my wife is having the same issue . it seems to be related to how you hold or handle the tablet . if she hands it to me and i am handling it by the top right corner , it will almost always sense the card is not there . as soon as i change where i am holding it by the card is mounted again . it seems like the card is loosing contact with the port by a minor flexing ( just by the weight of the tablet itself ) when you handle the top right corner only . it is annoying .
the amount of ram is not the main factor that determines how smoothly a game runs . the other items on the spec sheet are just as important : what model of cpu it has ( arm 11 , cortex-a8 , cortex-a9 , cortex-a15 , and c ) how many cpu cores there are ( some games benefit more from having multiple cores than others ) what clock speed the cpu runs at ( measured in ghz ) what model of gpu it has ( e . g mali-400mp4 ) what clock speed the gpu runs at ( measured in ghz ) and there are many other important factors you probably will not find written down anywhere , such as the clock speed of the ram , what kind of memory controller it has , and the size of the cpu and gpu caches . the software makes a big difference too : for example , if the power management driver ( supplied by the manufacturer ) is inefficient , the cpu and gpu may spend most of their time running more slowly than the rated clock speed . in addition , the pixel size of the display makes a big difference . for example , if you made a tablet with the exact same hardware as a nexus 7 but a 1080p display instead of a 720p display , you had find many games would run much slower on this device , simply because there are more than twice as many pixels to process and store in memory . one of the reasons that unbranded devices are so cheap is that the manufacturers often invest in the ' headline ' specs , but then skimp on the other components , or use inefficient software . for example , it is commonplace to use a gpu that looks good on paper , but cripple it by only giving it a very slow connection to the device 's ram , through a cheap memory controller . the only way you can really tell how smooth your games will run is by measuring on the device : ideally with the game you are interested in , but more commonly using a benchmark such as glbenchmark that represents an ' average ' game . that is why review sites like to include benchmark figures as a big part of the review of a new device .
running a game smoothly does depend on ram as well as the capability of your processor and more significantly the graphics chipset employed on your device . compare all three of these factors and you will understand hopefully why your huawei g300 does not run the game of your choice as well as your nexus 7 .
i was having this issue too . apparently google does not deem pptp secure enough , so they disable it from the " always on " menu .
i figured it out , the problem was originating from nanopc-t1 config which used the usart port for output debug . it was over-writing the gps output . i used android serial port api , and rooted my device . because accessing ttysac0 port , needs root access . i wrote my own nmea parser to receive gps fixes .
not necessary . . . no need to downgrade . . .
if your device is rooted/unlocked , and you already use a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod or twrp ) , there is no need to downgrade first . flashing the custom-rom will either replace the complete system , regardless of the installed version : usually , the images contain complete " disk images " for all relevant partitions . if , on the other hand , your device is not rooted , and there does not exist any rooting solution for the currently installed android version , but only for ics : then yes , you might need to downgrade so you can gain root access to your device , and flash a custom recovery . on some devices it might be sufficient to simply unlock the bootloader in order to install a custom recovery or flash a custom rom . if that applies to your device , i must leave for someone else to answer .
i will answer my own question in the hope in helps others : i just had to reboot my device , and now when i start kindle the mobi files which i had copied to the kindle folder are present in the main screen . so obviously the kindle application must be restarted when you add ebooks to its folder ( without downloading them via the kindle store ) . update added the kindle folder : /sdcard/kindle  force closing and/or clearing the data , does not bring up an epub file i just copied to the folder . will let you know after some more testing . update 2 for those interested : the calibre software , can convert any e-book between numerous formats ( including epb and mobi ) . so , if the epub format is not recognized , just convert it to mobi and use the converted file .
after investigating further and looking at the partitions again , it turns out that i did have a totally full /data/data ( as described in a previous question ) . for posterity , here 's what i did : because diskusage , the app i normally use to investigate partition usage , had locked up as well i fired up terminal emulator ( luckily it was still working ) and followed this advice i found in an xda thread : you can check [ the partition utilization ] by running this command as root : df /data/data if you see % used = 100 then this is your problem . it was , in fact , 100% full . as soon as i moved some apps to my sd card my phone immediately started working again . i must've misread the free space of the partition when i first looked into it ( doh ! ) . the radio issues i was sure were involved ended up being a red herring .
it seems that it is hw issue . unfortunately it occurred at the same time as i upgraded to ics , but it is a hw issue .
this may be a long shot but check the camera lens , it might have a small piece of see through plastic that starts to get worn out . pictures on my new phone were blurry right from the start and i did not know what to do . then i noticed that the lens felt a bit rubbery , so i scratched very carefully with my nails and to my amazement the small piece of rubber was removed . now i have 100% clear pictures .
i had the same issue but fixed it by resetting my camera settings . first switch off your phone and switch it back on , then reset your camera settings .
based on avirk 's hint , i found a way . first press the code *#0011# gsm example : it is obvious that it is using 900mhz band , from the " gsm900" . umts wcdma example : umts can use two different physical layers ( low level radio ) umts-fdd and umts-tdd . android just shows wcdma , which i think is the same as umts-fdd , but perhaps it can refer to both of them . by looking up the channel number here you can tell the frequency bands and whether it is umts-fdd or umts-tdd . in the above example it is using umts-fdd , the down-link channel ( rx ) is in the 2100mhz band and the up-link channel ( tx ) is in the 1900mhz band .
you can try dialing *#*#4636#*#*  and then going to " phone information " . that will show details about the network like cell tower id and network type . as you can see from the below screenshot , it shows " edge " mode :- also , this may only work on stock android builds .
may be this xda developer forum thread can help you to sort out the problem . the instructions are for Galaxy nexus S but may be it worth to check out it for your model .
the issue is with your cpu going to sleep once the screen turns off . this behavior is different on different phones ( some do it , some keep it active ) , but it can be changed with a special app such as these : since you are using cyanogenmod , i assume you know what you are doing , but it bears saying : pay attention to the warnings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tegrak.overclock https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.sineo.android.nofrillscpu https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mhuang.overclocking
i do not believe there is any way to get it to keep running while the display is off , though i could be wrong . what you could do is turn the screen brightness down all the way , and then use an app like screen filter to make the screen even darker . at it is minimum setting , this will almost have the effect of turning the screen off , while letting everything still run . i am not sure modern screens even still suffer from burn in though . some do suffer from ghosting , but that goes away fairly quickly . burn in like on old crt monitors was permanent .
it was easier than i expected . just follow this tuto will guide you well . download odin download the related firmware launch odin , click on rom select the firmware click on start button . pray ! thank you for everyone who took their time to help me .
setting the status and navigation bars to have the transparent gradient is handled by applications/launchers themselves in stock 4.4 . some apps and launchers provide a setting to turn the gradients on and off . the aosp launcher always uses opaque bars , google now launcher always uses transparent bars , and certain 3rd party launchers such as nova give you a toggle . regardless of the launcher 's setting , apps can and will override it .
you can not run x86_64 binaries on an x86 system , regardless of whether it is real or emulated . you need to install an x86 binary of busybox .
your phone 's internal storage is not the sd card , it is the internal partition where all apps and app data goes to . there is an automatic decision to put excessive data somewhere else ( the sd card ) if an app is too big . your app was already installed to the sd card and you therefore have an option to move it back to the internal storage . there are mainly the following sections : /system - the firmware sits here . write protected . /data - all apps and app data goes here . /mnt/sdcard - this is your external sdcard . also referred to as external storage there are some other but the above 3 are the most important/interesting ones if free space in the internal section ( /data ) is low , android allows to move certain apps/data from /there to the sd card to free space .
you can that following these steps : select the image ( s ) you want to upload click on " copy " , it is in the lower bar , at left in another tab , open the folder where you want to upload your image ( s ) click on the clipoard icon at left click on " paste all "
instead of selecting the pictures folder , you have to select the corresponding dcim folder select the images instead of copy , select the other options menu in the right corner select copy to from that menu a different browser dialog will appear where you can select the cloud storages as well
angel browser has a virtual page down button
hacker 's keyboard has page up/down keys which default browser and chrome handles properly . you can even make it appear outside of input context with " use permanent notification " option . that does not help much since having keyboard open all the time is a bit absurd , but proves the point that an app for having global page up/down could exist . ps . dolphin browser also has an option for mapping volume up/down to scroll by page and that is what i am trying to use right now .
uc browser has two kinds of tap scrolling . you can configure it to scroll up if you hit a non-link portion in the upper half of the screen or vice versa to scroll down . you can also elect to display two arrow buttons ( that you can drag around the screen so you can position them to your liking ) for tap to scroll . you can get it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ucmobile.intl note : as i write this , the uc browser hd ( specifically for tablets ) does not have this capability .
no . an otg cable has two of the five pins shorted together at one end . this is how your phone knows whether it is being a usb accessory or a usb host ; that is , how it knows whether it is being a usb memory stick or a computer . it does not matter what usb adaptors you use : if you are plugging in the accessory end of a usb-otg cable , or if you use a normal ( non-otg ) usb cable , then the device will act as an accessory , not a host .
i would do away with a lot of connections , and just do a Phone &gt; USB OTG &gt; USB Stick connection . an otg cable is very cheap anyway . you can get one for a usd1 ( at least here in the philippines ) , or less .
google now has a device manager as part of google services where you can do a remote wipe : https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager at least put a pin lock on your device so that it will be harder to access . do not enable developer options / keep adb on all the time .
if you have tried to clear it from the apps settings for dropbox and google drive , you will find there are no defaults set , because the default is set with the app that opens the file , not the app you open it from . from apps in the device settings , go to office suite pro 's settings , and click clear defaults there .
sounds like this is one of two things to me . either a faulty screen / hardware . or depending on the severity of this flicker it may be that the device has a light sensor that is trying to change the screen brightness based on the ambient light surrounding the device . you could rule out the second option by going to your screen brightness in the settings and make sure that it is set to a static amount and that " automatic brightness " is turned off . if after you do this you still notice the flickers i would lean more towards faulty hardware . i have seen on some devices ( do not have nexus 7 so never on that ) that the automatic brightness feature will sometimes cause the brightness of the screen to flicker somewhat wildly from all the way low to all the way high within a few seconds .
there just was a blog on land of droid covering this issue . the author summed up a few conditions under which this " flicker " occurs : back-light is dimmed under 30% a weak wifi signal the device is accessing the net according to that report , these 3 things are " and-connected " ( i.e. . the flicker occurs when all of the 3 conditions are met ) . he is also hoping for a fix to come soon . you might as well want to read the comments there , some seem to indicate possible solutions ( including flashing a new stock rom ) , but so far none of them are yet confirmed .
as a recent ( christmas time ) buyer with a new device , i can acknowledge this issue with android 4.2 . as per the bug report and the user tests here ( under brightness heading ) , it looks to be a hardware problem rather than software . new devices even after warranty and replacement have shown the same issue ( 4 out of 4 replacements ) disabling wifi optimization/keeping brightness above 30% is seen to fix it only temporarily which is disappointing . as per report update , 4.2 made it worse which could also mean that a software patch can fix this for good in future . but on the other side , there are users who never faced this issue with a fresh buy and 4.2 update . new nexus 7 users may be better off with 4.1 until there is a fix .
turning off auto brightness worked for me .
this does not really answer the question , so just for the record if anybody else has the same issue : i do not know about other phones , but small sony ericssons have an interesting feature . they have small buttons in the corners of the screen . one of them is muting the microphone . and . . . as the user rises the phone to his ear , the screen that was turned off for the call turns on because the phone is moving , and the ear hits the mute button with an 50% chance . the other side swears and hangs the phone , so when i finally see the screen turning on again , the button and the mute sign is not there yet .
the default governor on the gt-i9500 is called " ondemand-sec " . i am running the xxuemj9 firmware ( android 4.3 ) . it is a modified version of the ondemand governor . here is a listing in /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpufreq: frequency mappings as for which frequency activates which cores , i can not remember if you can query it through sysfs , but i do remember : below 600 mhz , only the a7 cores are active , and they run at a 2x factor . for instance , at 400 mhz , the a7 cores are actually running at 800 mhz . above 600 mhz , only the a15 cores are active , and they run at a 1x factor . for instance , at 1.2 ghz , the a15 cores are actually running at 1.2 ghz . the frequency mapping can be found in the kernel sources at drivers/cpufreq/exynos-ikcs-cpufreq.c , around line ~56: #define ACTUAL_FREQ(x, cur) ((cur == CA7) ? (x) &lt;&lt; 1 : (x)) #define VIRT_FREQ(x, cur) ((cur == CA7) ? (x) &gt;&gt; 1 : (x))  the first line finds the actual frequency of the core . if the current core is an a7 , then we perform a bitshift on the " virtual frequency " by 1 to the left . this is in effect a multiplication by 2 . much of the rest of the code deals with querying the supported cpu frequencies of each kind of core and merging them to give you the resulting cpufreq table ( see cpufreq_merge_tables function around line 197 ) . more info on how this can be found on this set of slides by linaro . core status you can check which cores are active using a device node at /dev/bL_status . root@ja3g:/dev # cat bL_status 0 1 2 3 L2 CCI [A15] 0 0 0 0 0 [A7] 1 1 1 1 1  the above output indicates that only the a7 cores are active .
the app has to support moving to the sd card . the feature should be in android 2.2+ . your phone does not have to be rooted in order to do it .
if you are rooted , you need at least android 2.1 . if not , you need at least android 2.2 . additionally , you can not move apps that do not support it .
there are 2 methods of app2sd : the official method pros : give the best experience with the least hassle , as you would never mistakenly move apps that should not be moved officially supported does not need rooted phones cons : only available in android 2.2 and above only apps that are specifically marked as movable by the author can be moved . the rooted method : pros : works on pre-2.2 phones you can move apps that you know are safe , but the author have not yet updated the app to support app2sd . more variations to suit your specific need , some variants of rooted app2sd will just move all applications , while some other variants allows you to choose which apps you want to move , or move only applications that supports app2sd . cons : phone must be rooted may cause system instability if you move apps that are not supposed to be moved ( e . g . home screen widgets , apps with background services , etc ) not officially supported can i move any apps to sd ? yes if you use rooted app2sd ; no , if you are using official app2sd . is there a specific version of andoid that i should run : 2.1 , 2.2 ? for rooted method , any version should be fine . for official method , you need android 2.2 or above . should my phone be rooted for that ? or stock version works too ? yes , for rooted method , you need rooted phones . for android 2.2 and above , no , stock version works .
no , is available for non rooted devices too . for non rooted devices is possible to move apps to sd too . but only for new android versions , starting at 2.2 . usually the apps must be prepared to allow the system to move it to the sd , but you can on you android device ( 2.2 ) move any app to the sd , prepared or not . this is done with this commands : adb shell pm setInstallLocation 2 so answering you : q1 ) can i move any apps to sd ? a : yes q2 ) is there a specific version of andoid that i should run : 2.1 , 2.2 ? a : 2.2 q3 ) should my phone be rooted for that ? or stock version works too ? a : no root needed , should work on every android 2.2 device note : do it at your own risk , i mean , widgets on sd will not be able to show on deskop , running services can stop working if they are moved to sd and you umount your card , etc . note2: you need the android sdk in order to use adb , you only need to download it from here http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html access and perform necessary steps to download the sdk , the adb command is on tools folder note3: if you run this command , only new installs will automatically go to the sdcard , already installed apps need to be moved manually
i got an answer on another forum . the part keeping the phone awake was shown here : mLocks.size=1: PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK 'com.commonsware.cwac.locpoll.LocationPoller' a ctivated (minState=0, uid=10069, pid=14026)  and by grepping the process id like so : ps | grep 14026  i found the name of the app that was causing the problem .
i have followed this guide and my phone is now unlocked . i would not recommend it for a beginner user , because it involves pretty advanced commands and procedures , and uses roms and tools from untrusted sources . proceed at your own risk ! the performed steps were basically : create a complete nandroid backup on the sd card . google for a stock rom for the specific phone model i owned , and the specific carrier that it is locked to . i found one on a random forum . this is not recommended for obvious security reasons , but i was desperate . if your carrier provides an official stock rom , i definitely recommend you prefer using it . googled for the adb drivers for my phone model . in this case , the motorola drivers worked fine . connected the phone to my computer and flashed the stock rom . in my case , this actually downgraded my phone from android 4.0.4 to 2.3.3 and unrooted it . performed the unlock procedure using the unlock code i had . rooted my phone again , and installed a new recovery menu applied the nandroid backup from the recovery menu . result : phone is back as it was before , but unlocked .
obviously you have network locked phone and correct unlock code . the problem is somebody typed wrong code too many times and therefor the phone will not accept the unlock code . the solution is to hard reset the phone - search google for hard reset instructions . once the hard reset is done the phone will accept your unlock code ! best regards , gsmwong
there is a sim lock and network lock - both distinctively different ! sim lock is to prevent phone from starting up unless a user 's pin is entered . network lock is what it is , tied to the carrier and requires the unlock code which can be bought for a fee . by the sound of it , a confusion arose , when it asked for the sim 's pin code that requires to be entered - which is not the network lock code ! it is selected and decided by the user . in short , sim lock has a maximum count of three times to enter the pin code and if unsuccessful and the maximum retry count has reached , the puk ( personal unblocking code ) code needs to be entered ! the puk code can be found on the original sim card plastic accompaniment as obtained by the original carrier . if this cannot be found , the only way is to take it back to the place of origin , where the sim card was bought and explain to the sales rep about it and may be charged ! ( now , they could easily be suspicious as in " handling a stolen handset " . . . get the original proof of purchase from the owner , documentation etc to back yourself up just-in-case ! ) edit ok , after clarifying with the op , who kindly showed the screenshot in their edited question , the message is slightly ambiguous which lead to my not being 100% sure if that message when fed into google ' translator is saying " pin unlock the sim network . " do not know if that is saying sim unlock pin or network lock hence the ambiguity . but further investigation lead to this thread , specifically post #3 which does back-up the op 's statement , despite the thread discussing about samsung , i would guess the same thing may apply to the motorola handset : i have also been told to remove cm9 and reinstall the stock rom in order for the unlock to work , but ( 1 ) i have no idea if this would actually help , and ( 2 ) i have never changed a rom before and , althouh i used cm9 to create a nandroid backup , i have no idea how to reinstall cm9 and then restore the backup . that makes perfect sense , as the stock rom would know how to handle the mechanism as its built into it specifically for the handset , so yes , a revert to the stock rom would be required which would obviously mean another op 's question to be posted separately or by per-chance , a quick google-fu to yield on how to revert back to original .
i managed to get my hands on one to test this and wi-fi tethering between the two worked fine , no apps required .
yes , that is how i occasionally browse on my nexus 7 . i use this app called as OpenGarden which has a very clean interface and uses vpn via bluetooth to connect to your internet enabled open . note : you need opengarden on your phone too . do not worry . it is a free app !
i just did this , and it works . go into Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Market then clear data , and cache . i had to reboot the phone after . but once it reboots , go into the market , and the music section should be there .
i have not tried it but i think it should work just like the app market enabler fakes the sim id .
there are lots of scanners like that . query " bluetooth document scanner for android " about 15 will show up . 5 at least from amazon
android has usb host capabilities as of 3.2 . accusoft usb scanner is a well made app that lets you take advantage of this and connect many usb scanner models directly to your phone or tablet . accusoft usb scanner accusoft usb scanner on play store
as far as i know , there is not a way to connect a usb scanner to an android device - most if not all phones do not have a usb host in any form . i suppose someone could hack an adapter into the microsd port , but it would be a lot of work . you will have to use a laptop or computer .
try to look for bluetooth scanners . android supports bluetooth and there is sdk api for it so you could create your own app to receive and process data from scanner . one such device i could find : http://www.planon.com/products/docupen/xseries
i had the same exact problem , and it was driving me crazy ! sadly , i could not find any solution other than to install an app , " sound manager": selecting " whenever possible " in the vibration settings the vibration will work just fine !
go to " messages " ( the actual stock messaging app ) , click on the menu button , choose " settings " . then you can choose whether to vibrate or not in the " notifications " .
since android 4.0 , it is possible to " disable " apps without root . however , not all apps can be " disabled": some ( pre-installed ) system-apps are protected against this . still , it is always worth a try if you do not want to root your device : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab scroll to the apps in question , and open their entry here you see either a button labeled " disable " , or one labeled " uninstall updates " . if the latter is there , tap it : this will uninstall all the updates this app received during the time you already used the device . now the " disable " button should be visible in its place . is it " grayed out " ? tap " delete cache " , then " clear data " . this will remove all cache files the app might have created , all its data , and its configuration . still " grayed out ? " then this app is " protected " , you cannot " disable " it without root . otherwise : tap it . this will disable/freeze the app . these actions are reversible : you can always re-visit the apps entries here , and push the button again ( it will be labeled " enable " then ) . if you could not deactivate an app this way , all that is left is root and some " bloatware remover " , as indicated by lucas ' answer . apart from titanium backup , there are several other " root-apps " which can do that – though titanium is a great choice , as it also provides the means to do full backups and more . if chosing this path , make sure to freeze apps first to check for side-effects : as with above steps , a " freeze " is revertible – a " remove " is not ( at least not easily ) . also see our bloatware tag-wiki , which will give you / point you to more information .
yes . your device need have root . search for make root on my device (put here the device model) . after having done root on your device , download titanium backup and write backup your apps and after delete . sorry for my english .
what other apps related to mobile data are you using ? is there any battery saver app that are using ? they can turn your data on or off automatically . whatsapp does not have the permission to enable mobile data . so it must be some other app . still you can use 3g watchdog to check if whatsapp is the culprit .
this is an account for syncing via syncml , a protocol used by ( e . g . ) funambol . in a test , i have already managed to sync some events using syncevolution as http-server , but currently i am not sure , wether ssl connections work as well . ( i have even started a question on that topic . )
video rendering , which would have to happen even if the application is not " active " but still playing , is going to use a lot more battery then " normal usage " . so if you are not " watching " the video , it stops in order to not waste precious battery power .
it is not a limitation of android , but a " feature " of the youtube app to conserver resources . if you want to use youtube as a music player , i think you should be able to find an application that allows you to do exactly that in the market . tubemate lets you listen to only the audio of a youtube file ( you have to download it in advance , though ) , and that should work in the background .
if you want an android app that would allow flexible management of the youtube streaming protocols in a way that would support selection of just the audio portion of the media stream while discarding the video track , keep an eye on vlc for android . it is still ' under developement ' but would probably address the ' audio only ' feature . from a more technical perspective , it helps to break the issue down into available youtube network protocols for media streaming rtsp . rtsp specs allow a client to make a request using the describe command to which the server responds with an sdp data segment ( see details below ) . youtube servers can respond in a variety of protocols , sending underlying streams that in turn use a variety of encodings -one for audio , one for video- to transfer the media bits across the network to the client . over the mobile networks , a feature that goes to youtube in order to receive both audio and video tracks before discarding video while playing only audio is not a good practice because of the heavy network requirement for the unused video stream . you can get around the network inefficiency with some further technical drill-down . rtsp and sdp standards observed by youtube would allow a streaming client ( android device ) to request only the audio during the client/server handshake steps and negotiation steps around the network connection setup that will do the media streaming . in this case , no video would be sent and the android player would be configured on an audio only stream . some cli command details and some protocol details on this ‘youtube audio only’ scenario follow . a youtube , format 1 audio only track for a particular video is available at the following rtsp uri : rtsp://v8.cache8.c.youtube.com/CigLENy73wIaHwlcw_gs85OUchMYDSANFEgGUgx1c2VyX3VwbG9hZHMM/0/0/0/video.3gp  from the rtsp uri for the entire video ( audio track plus video track ) , the following cli expression makes use of 2 media clients openrtsp and mplayer going to youtube where it then gets/plays just the youtube audio track by requesting only channel=1 . this cli expression is further described in a link at the bottom . youtube ‘feeds’ describe the available stream formats for any youtube video , including the rtsp uri’s mentioned above . for a tech explanation of youtube streaming formats see the entry for ‘format’ 1,5,6 in the long table . the following request gets a feed from youtube that includes the variously formatted rtsp uri’s that are available for that particular video : http://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/rowntreerob/uploads?vq=cpST8yz4w1w&amp;prettyprint='true'  the gory details of a connnected rtsp session in which the full sdp description is requested for a particular youtube video so that just the audio track could be streamed/played are here . key to numbered lines in above link :
this should not delete the os . looks to just be a small update file .
if you are not sure if you need root , you do not need root . there are any number of alternative launchers you can install that will give your device a custom look-and-feel and add/adjust functionality from vanilla android . heck , there are launchers that can simulate the look-and-feel of iphone and windows phone . have a look on the play store for " launchers " or " home screen replacements " .
android supports moving apps to the sd card since version 2.2 ( only for apps which allow it ) ; however , this feature can be disabled when building the rom . apparently samsung decided that about 9 gb of user-accessible internal memory should be enough for apps , and disabled the “move to sd” function in their stock roms for the 16 gb galaxy s4 model . however , there are recent news that samsung heard complaints of 16 gb galaxy s4 users and enabled the “move to sd” function in a software update .
wifi file explorer allows browsing of the sd card through a web based interface . quite nice , but perhaps difficult to copy a large number of files . http://lifehacker.com/5626268/wifi-file-explorer-manages-your-android-sd-card-from-a-web-browser on air ( wifi disk ) ' allows you to easily transfer files over your wi-fi connection by accessing it as if it were a drive ' , but only for mac i suppose . swiftp is an ftp server , which does what it says .
i use ftpserver ( http://www.appbrain.com/app/ftpserver/lutey.ftpserver ) to browse and copy files to and from my phone over wifi . on ubuntu you can connect to an ftp server and browse it as if it is a directory .
just to answer this question in case future users have it . i believe in htc sense when a call comes in and the screen lock is there it should say slide up to reject the call and down to answer .
this also works as a solution : market+ .
you will need an app like tasker than can assign actions with activity launches . action com.google.android.finsky.VIEW_MY_DOWNLOADS package com.android.vending class com.google.android.finsky.activities.MainActivity you can use qcustomshortcut to create this shortcut ! i tried several different shortcut creators with no luck , but this one actually works . use the above information and you will be set !
visit m . getjar . com and go nuts ! download cranky birds . it seems to be the game so many people like . i wonder if there is an android version of cut the rope out yet .
this allows you to obtain and run an application ( i.e. . the . apk file ) from sources other than the android market . ( i.e. . you get it from a download from a developer 's site , from an email , etc . ) . that is it . edit : once you enable unknown sources this post covers the rest : how can i install an app given only its apk file ? .
place in every directory , you want to be excluded by the media scanner , an empty file named " . nomedia " . then restart your phone and the ' marked ' directories should not be indexed any more .
just rename the folders with dot in front . eg : newfolder to .newfolder and restart the phone .
when the galaxy nexus is ringing . . . tap the power button on the right side of the screen . the ringtone will stop and the screen will switch off . but the call has not been hung up . you can even press the power button again to switch the screen back on and the ringtone is silent if the call is still waiting to be answered . the voice call will still be at the correct volume when you actually answer it .
use volume-rocker click either up or down volume to silence your phone . this is the user-manual-recommended way . when you click it your screen stays on . android user manual reference note : this usually works with any phone , not just androids . it used to work with old stupid-phones ( antonym of smart-phones ) as well .
a third option is to enable the setting so you can flip your phone face down when ringing to silence the phone . under sound settings > phone call silence i believe .
just press power key at the right side of device . it will become silent .
i recently ( two nights ago ) installed skype on my xoom , and it appears to work fine , with chat , video , and audio calling available . this was on the uk market , wifi version ( so no provider issues ) , stock 3.2 . this is the market item i have installed .
please , give some more details . a quick guess . . . if skype is unavailable in market , then probably you need to uncheck " settings-> application-> fast boot " option .
after upgrading my xperia u to ics linux mint maya no longer recognised the device as you have listed semc hsusb device . for some reason the mtp support has changed and there is no longer the option to drag and drop . instead use either ' qlix ' or ' gmtp ' from the usual repos . my preference is for qlix . plug in the phone and start qlix and leave it for a few minutes . eventually it will recognise the xperia u . click on view files the left pane is your desktop file system , the right pane is the android file system . it is then a simple matter of opening the correct folder on both sides and right clicking files to transfer . the initial mounting of the device is slow but the transfer of files thereafter is fast and , because it is using mtp , the rest of your file system remains safe from corruption . no longer any need to unmount the device .
i have found the simplest method , with both my samsung galaxy tab2 7.0 tablet and galaxy s3 mini smartphone , is to use sshdroid ( on the android device ) to provide ssh server . google play > sshdroid by berserker then i simply connect from nautilus using ssh , over wifi . this is plenty fast and i can bookmark the links for re-use ( provided the ip address stays static ) . after first use , i simply set a static ip on my router for those mac addresses . i have also used a terminal , for an ssh command line session to the devices . this also just uses the sshdroid service .
yyou can choose another connection mode , mass storage mode , this way , it will be auto detected when you connect the usb cable . the option to change the connection mode is in : Setting -&gt; Xperia -&gt; Connectivity -&gt; USB Connection mode 
following steps will guide you through . connect your phone to the laptop and list your devices in a terminal using lsusb command find a line similar to Bus 002 Device 012: ID 0fce:5169 Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications AB and note your vendor and product id which are 0fce and 5169 respectively in the above line . if you have usb debugging disabled , product id will be 0169 . now unplug the phone . go to humans-enabled . com and install the latest version of libmtp and copy the 69-libmtp.rules file to /etc/udev/rules.d as described optional step xperia s support is implemented in the libmtp-1.1.3 release . if you use the latest version from sourceforge .net, skip to step 5 . type sudo gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/69-libmtp.rules to edit the copied file as root . add the following text somewhere around the sony ericsson devices in this file . you can find them by searching for 0fce . remember to set the correct vendor and product id ATTR{idVendor}=="0fce", ATTR{idProduct}=="5169", SYMLINK+="libmtp-%k", ENV{ID_MTP_DEVICE}="1", ENV{ID_MEDIA_PLAYER}="1" ATTR{idVendor}=="0fce", ATTR{idProduct}=="0169", SYMLINK+="libmtp-%k", ENV{ID_MTP_DEVICE}="1", ENV{ID_MEDIA_PLAYER}="1" reboot , or use sudo udevadm control --reload-rules to actualize . the phone will mount automatically when you plug it . use nautilus to copy files see this for more info
adb sideload command just loads a zip file from the computer to the phone . the creator of the zip controls what it does ( the recovery just uploads it from the computer and looks at a specific file ) . you can do a lot with it , but it is not a full rom , it is cannot replace a rom . here is an example of an update . zip i once wrote and sideloaded it to a phone : mount("yaffs2", "MTD", "userdata", "/data"); delete("/data/system/gesture.key"); delete("/data/system/password.key"); ui_print("Done!"); it deletes a couple of files , and prints a successful result . 2 . the command fastboot flash all can replace an entire rom , because it does a bunch of operations like format a partition and install a new rom . but you can flash other files that do not do those things ( but often this command do exactly that . ) 3 . you can do a lot of things in the adb command line , like delete a partition a flash or just copy something else to it . what exactly do you want to do ? on which partition ? hope this is helpful , and check out the android developers page on adb ( http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html ) .
what is your final goal ? you can try to root it using towelroot ( its an apk that just roots the device ) . or something else . exploit roots are nice , as they are not changing your boot partition and let you clone the original one later on . i never used the command you mentioned , i always used dd . adb shell su dd if=/dev/block/platform/ . . . . /by-name/boot of=/data/local/tmp/oboot . img chmod 777 /data/local/tmp/oboot . img exit exit adb pull /data/local/tmp/oboot . img there is another option : download the official firmware from the net , unzip and untar it and you will have all your partition images ready . this is an example for samsung devices : http://samsung-updates.com/ if you would tell us more about the device you are using , we could help you much better . ( device name , hardware tag/number like gt-i9505 , android and firmware version ) good luck !
there is a checkable/uncheckable option called block offensive words under settings → voice input and output → voice recognizer settings . for samsung phones , the settings are named slightly differently : from the settings app , try language and input → voice search settings → block offensive words . this of course only works with the integrated google voice recognition . for android 4.3 ( and possibly earlier versions ) : settings → language and input → google voice typing ( settings ) → block offensive words
settings , language and input , voice search settings , then uncheck " block offensive words " ( thats for samsung phones )
the images come from your gmail contacts so you would need to create a contact for the " the nudge " and assign a picture to it . to easily create a new contact for that email , open it up and click the icon next to the name . you should then be prompted to " add to contacts ? " .
my 32 suffers from various wifi and bluetooth issues , dropping both connections . starting and stopping . connecting to wifi but not routing packets . connecting to bluetooth headset but no audio . i have to fuss with it all the time .
as a power-saving strategy , radio chipsets can sleep -- meaning they stop actively listening for a wi-fi network to connect to -- when they are out of range of any network , and will wake up to search for a network once every few minutes . it may simply be that the radio on your android is doing this , and that you have not waited long enough for it to wake up once you come back in range of a wi-fi network . a quick search tells me there is a powersave disabled setting in the wi-fi settings on the archos that might help .
this is what twitter is supposed to do , it is not a bug , however if you want to try some other twitter clients here are some ( paid and free ) talon for twitter - paid carbon for twitter - free plume for twitter - free
in settings , see if you can find something called " application manager " . when in that , find the " all " list . see if the deleted app is still listed there . if yes , there should be a few options to clear the data it stores , use them . i am not sure how your android looks like , but they should generally be the same . if that does not help , you can use this app : clean master - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguardhl=eng i use it on my private phone , and it seems to do good when it comes to free up memory . however , i am unsure if it work on your phone , as it does not list all versions it supports . it is also free . you can also connect the phone to your computer again and see if you can remove the app data manually , however , how this can be done differ between phone models , and it can be risky as the data you want to delete might not be found so easily .
what version of android do you have ? depending on the version ( 2.3+ i think ) you can move apps to the external sd card via app2sd ( or check the settings/applications for the option ) . you will have to install on internal first and then move to external , so to free memory you will have to move some other apps which are already installed . but some later versions of android no longer support this . if you root your phone , then try link2sd .
applications never get installed to sdcard . it is by-design . if you can access other files ( music/video/ . . . ) then it is working perfectly . applications are only installed to the internal storage .
it is the most frequently used apps while the earphones are plugged in . just open the app you want to show up 4 or 5 times in a row while the page buddy is active ( earphones plugged in ) and it will show up in the recommended apps . repeat for the next 3 apps you want to show . there is usually 4 recommended apps . this goes for all of the page buddy pages , earphones , docking , roaming , and spen ( on supported devices ) .
kindle has a built-in dictionary that you can download . when you highlight a word , it shows the meaning to you . is that not good enough ? screenshot ( click for larger variant )
first of all you should download the stock rom : xda forum - micromax canvas juice a77 [ root , recovery , roms , etc ] [ mtk6572 ] after that , if you only changed that file , you can extract it from stock rom and replace it in your phone ( check to assign the right permissions ) , factory reset and your phone should work again . if it is still not working you can flash the whole rom . btw factory reset only resets your /data partition it does not change /system because that is not supposed to change at all , so factory reset will never restore files in /system . it is always better to backup the original files before you change anything .
android handles battery calibration . your battery life will be better if you keep it between 20% and 80% charged , and only charge it while it is off . this is true for all lithium ion batteries . it may not be realistic to adhere to that 100% , i sure do not . you do not need to charge it overnight .
luckily most phone manufacturers do something pretty intelligent with android , there is hardware built in overcharge protection , basically when the battery gets to 100% it stops routing power from the ac adapter to the battery , and instead uses the ac power to power the phone . but because this is true most ( if not all ) android based devices turn on as soon as they have enough power to , so charging while off becomes impossible . i would agree that you should really only start charging at lower than 20% , as far as calibration goes i would say once a month seems fair , that is if you have a phone that stays off when plugged into ac . but it is likely that there is no built in hardware to prevent overcharge , so you may want to figure out how long it will actually take to charge before just going and plugging it in for 8 hours , as that could take a toll on your battery .
i had this problem too for a long time but have found that the key to stopping this glitch is to turn off the predictive text option in the keyboard settings every time you experience the 1st character input only problem . personally , i like the predictive text being on 99% of the time , but some web pages ( email providers mainly ) are not configured for predictive text to be used , so i keep predictive text on and just turn it off whenever i come across a web page where i experience the 1st character input only problem . to turn it on/off simply hit the cog button on the keyboard and where it says predictive text , just swipe the slider to the left , to the off position . this will allow whole words to be typed instead of just 1 character at a time . then , once you have finished typing , you can hit the cog again and turn predictive text back on .
i downloaded a free app called timezone changer to fix this problem . still do not understand why samsung disables this .
i had the same problem and network-provided values are locked/disabled and i am not able to change them . however using clocksync works for me .
you can go into the calendar app and under settings there is a checkbox titled " use home time zone " . check that box and then you will be able to adjust the time zone .
the problem is that the " automatic time zone " setting on the samsung galaxy tab defaults to on , and the preference to disable it is missing from the built-in settings application . there is an app on the android market specifically designed to correct this issue called galaxy time zone fix . it mimics the " date and time " section of the built-in settings application but adds the missing preferences .
uncheck " automatic - use network-provided values " . it should be the first entry in Settings -&gt; Date and time .
i could not get it to change timezone or time either . could not make it stop using network time either . i did a factory reset ( from settings | privacy ) , correctly set my timzeone this time before saying use network time , and that worked fine .
as odd as it may sound , i found a solution in the net and it worked for me twice already ! ! put the phone in a bright light , strong bulb or direct sun , and do a hard reset ! ! worked twice for me .
as per xda here you can perform force restart by doing this . To reboot the phone without ADB, just hold down the Vol Up and power button for 9 seconds, the phone should shut down.  if this does not power down the phone , you can try this . lot of people has reported success in this method for most of the htc phones . Put your phone under a bright light then hold power+volume down.  if both of them fails , you have to wait till the battery die and let it charge and power on the phone normally . hope this helps you . good luck .
i have had the same problem with my htc one m7 , but the vol down or vol up with power button did not force it to reboot . i was messing around with the phone and a call came in . i was able to answer the call and after the call my phone went back to normal ! so i would suggest trying to call the phone from another phone .
i managed to fix the problem myself in the end . the solution : i has to flash the boot . img file . to do this : download the cm update from here that matches the update you installed . make sure you choose the correct device as well . ( htc one x is " endeavoru" ) unzip the file , and copy the boot . img file to c:\android\android-sdk\tools ( or wherever you have the android dev stuff installed ) . boot your phone into the bootloader ( power button + volume down for htc one x ) and choose fastboot from the menu , using the volume buttons to go up and down the list and the power button to choose . connect your phone to your pc via usb . it will install fastboot drivers . open a command prompt window and cd to the \tools directory mentioned above . run the command fastboot devices to make sure your phone is connected . if it shows , run fastboot flash boot boot.img to flash the boot . img file to your phone . finally run fastboot reboot to restart the phone . your phone will go through the " android is upgrading " process and you should be back in business once that finishes . you will also need to flash gapps or any other custom mods/addons you had installed before upgrading . there are plenty of guides online explaining how to do this .
have you tried to wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition ? this worked for me when i flashed the rom on my galaxy s3 .
a faster way odo it is download the cm rom to yu micro sd card and istall the update ( by the waythis only works if you have a clowckwokod or teamwin recovery ) then install then go to installupdatefromsdcard1> downloads ( or whatever folder it may be in ) > yes and let it insall , the n re-root the device after update is installed then after root file is complete reboot into recovery and reset device and reboot after that it works
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
click on the handle ( a solid dot ) on the right side of the red horizontal line above the orange line , and drag it down to 500mb . that adjusts the scale of the graph . look for the lime green arrow at right to see the handle .
the game 's creators did not take right precautions for the version of android i have and it ran into some issues . unfortunately , it is not recoverable with format ; the problem is not obvious at first sight though .
install battery monitor widget , and the companion app process monitor widget . these will display and log the battery temperature and cpu usage respectively . process monitor will also let you see a list of the most active processes . this may help you learn what is happening on the phone before you go as far as restoring factory settings or flashing .
hacker solution : root it and flash a new kernel . mainstream consumer solution : restore to factory settings and see if that helps , or go to your wireless carrier store and have them flash your phone .
nope , unfortunately there is nothing like this to my knowledge . i would love to be proven wrong though
here a guide form xda-dev if you like to learn visually and would rather not go through of steps , check out this youtube video . some warnings : this is not a full unlock ( s-off or to unlock your sim card slot . ) this will void your warranty . this will work with any version of hboot . -this is a how to for windows only . if you are logged out of htc dev at any time during the identifier period ( 1 - 5 ) , just sign back in and do not click anything . it will automatically redirect you to the last page you were on . i am not responsible if you did not follow a step correctly and your phone lights on fire , cracks into two , wants to destroy you , etc . . . what you are going to need : -a computer -fastboot and adb [ api ] &lt ; -- these are applications to be use to flash rom 's . - htc drivers &lt ; -- drivers htc gives , could not find them on htc 's site . - android sdk -microusb cable , phone , and some time steps to root : 1 . ) you are going to want to head over to the htc dev [ eloper ] site ( [ link ] ) and make an account or sign in . once you have done one of the two , you are going to want to click ' unlock bootloader , ' then ' get started . ' it will next ask you what device you are trying to unlock , click ' droid incredible 2 ( verizon ) ' then ' begin unlock bootloader . ' then a pop up window will ask you if you are sure , just click ' yes . ' then , another pop up window will appear , just tick the two boxes and press ' proceed to unlock instructions . ' 2 . ) go to your phone . take off the [ back ] battery door and remove the battery ( do not hold the power button and make it a proper shut off , just rip the battery out . then , put the battery back in . once you have replaced the battery , hold the volume down button and the power button at the same time until a white screen shows up . you can use the volume rocker to highlight your selection , and the power button to select the highlighted selection . right now , we want to highlight ' bootloader ' and use the power button to select it . next , grab your miniusb cable and plug it into your computer to your phone . 3 . ) next , make a folder on your computer in the c:\ drive . in windows vista and 7 , you can just go to computer from the start menu and it will be labeled local disk ( c : ) . you can name the folder whatever you want , i am just going to name it android . next , you are going to want to download my adb , fastboot , and adbapi . zip file and place all three files into the android folder . after you unzip the adb/fastboot folder , you are going to want to ( if you have not already ) download and install the android sdk manager . you will need to install sdk tools [ and i believe a version of android ? ] after you have installed everything , you can go to the start menu again and type in ' cmd ' in the search bar and press enter . then type in the following : ( or you could take the easy way of going to your c:\ drive and shift-clicking the folder and press ' open command window here . . . ) code : cd c:\android 4 . ) after you have got into command prompt and are in the \android folder , type in the following : code : fastboot oem get_identifier_token you will then see a great big brick of random characters . right click in the bottom right-hand corner of '&lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; identifier token end > > > > > ' and click ' mark . . . ' hold down the left-mouse-button and select the great brick of text up until '&lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; identifier token start > > > > ' ( do not highlight any of the ' info ' things . ) then , right-click again and you will have the identifier token copied to your clipboard . back on the htc dev site , it will ask you for your identifier ; just paste the identifier in the box and it will send you an email with a . bin file ( unlock_code . bin ) and just throw that into the folder with adb and fastboot . 5 . ) you are going to want to click the continue link that htc dev sent you as well to downloading the file . after you have finished downloading and put it in the folder , type in the following : code : fastboot flash unlocktoken unlock_code . bin once you have done that and pressed enter , your phone will change screens . it will ask you if you are sure you want to do this . just press the volume rocker up and press the power button . your phone will reboot and take you back to android . it is normal and it does not mean it failed . . . your phone is fine and it should have went ok if you followed the steps . we are done with htc dev now , so you can close it . 6 . ) next thing we are going to want to do is flash clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery onto your phone . you are going to want to download the . iso for cwmr and flash it to your phone ( download link [ link ] . ) after you are done downloading the . iso , place it into your adb and fastboot folder . once your phone has finished starting up , take the battery out again and put it back into hboot mode ( step 2 . ) you are going to want to go back into fastboot ( step 2 , again ) and flash the recovery by doing the following : code : fastboot flash recovery recovery ( press tab ) once you press enter and fastboot says it has completed , it will just have the fastboot screen . just highlight ' bootloader ' and press the power button . next , to make sure it worked . . . scroll down to ' recovery ' ( which is right under fastboot ) and select it . the htc screen should show and then cwmr should come to life . 7 . ) this is where the real magic happens . we are going to install superuser on to your phone now . reboot your phone into regular android . now , you can plug it into the computer and make it a disk drive or pop out the minisd card and put it into a converter . now , you are going to want to download superuser ( [ link ] ) and put it onto the minisd ( i recommend not putting it in any folders so it is easy to find . ) now , put your phone back into cwmr ( step 6 . ) now , use the volume rocker to scroll down to ' install . zip from sd card ' and press the power button . now , find the superuser . zip ( or whatever it is named ) and press the power button . the ' yes ' to install it is in the middle of all the ' no ' options , use the volume rocker to select ' yes ' and press the power button . wait for cwmr to finish , and in the meantime . . . just stare at your phone . after you have finished installing superuser , restart your handset into android . once it has finished restarting , go into the app drawer and find the superuser app . press the ' menu ' button and tap ' settings . ' scroll down to ' su binary x.x. xx ' and tap it . on the bottom it will say ' update binary , ' just tap that and it will do its ' magic . ' once su has finished updating binary , you have a rooted dinc2 .
the general approach to gaining " root " on the htc incredible 2 is to get s-off , so you can flash a custom rom . i am on the road now , and have neither the inclination nor the resources to compose a full guide here , so i will point you to the best rooting guide for our phone : gain s-off and root the htc incredible 2 note : the guide is aimed at linux users--use an ubuntu live cd if you have to . anyway , it is a much better guide than the ones i see in the google top 10 , which are either hard to follow along , or leave out ( possibly ) necessary steps , like hboot downgrading . finally , another helpful resource : comprehensive s-off/root methods
have you tried plan b ? you can install it from the market after you have lost your phone and use it to find it is current location . for your next phone , i would recommend cerberus - i reviewed a bunch of security apps , and it is definitely the clear winner .
if the data was not encrypted : everything . the data on the removable sd-card can be easily accessed , just like a lost usb-memory-stick . the internal flash storage can also be read out via some , admittedly sophisticated but practical possible , approaches . afaik no data that you sync with the google cloud is encrypted . it is always wise to install some remote wipe tool , like pyko said . even if they are not foolproof and can not provide a " secure delete " functionality , they provide some security and raise the bar to read out your data . hint : the an . sx security tag provides some further related information for such cases .
airdroid can perform file transfers and it runs on 2.2 and above . all features : sms : send and receive individual or group messages . apps : import and export . apk files . files : manage files on android and transferring files between android and computer . photos : view and manage photos on android and transferring photos between android and computer . music and videos : play and manage music and videos on android and transferring them between android and computer . ringtones : set music as ringtone and export any ringtone . contacts : view and edit all the contacts . screenshot : view the real time screen of android devices , take static screenshots . ( root required ) camera : see through the lens of both front and back camera , also supports flashlight . url : push url to android and open automatically open it with android browser . clipboard : share clipboard content between android and computer .
i developed wifi ftp server , which should solve your problem . i would recommend that you put the phone in wifi-tether mode and then transfer files .
mine was simple ( droid razr ) , i unistalled root tools and i had a pulldown banner . i reinstalled root tools and redid my bannerand its fine now
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
i will be answering my question . . i downloaded this usbdview and i deleted all com ports that are open . i also did removing my usb controllers on my device manager . i restarted my computer to reload all the drivers ; then opening the flasher generates a new com port , clicking the upgrade and it worked .
have you checked that your adb drivers are working . just run following command from where you have installed adb adb devices if not detected try manually updating your phone adb drivers . install generic drivers here . link if not try the following post 1 #troubleshooting part once you are sure that adb is working . . . follow steps given in this post 1
the nearest i can think of is - generate a pdf and use that with some pdf reader such as ezpdf reader . . . but . . . having said that - android does not have any facility to support printing ( in any shape or form ) so you may be out of luck with that ! developers have often struggled with this and resorted to using the option to generate a pdf . . it is an oft-common question on stackoverflow on how to accomplish this ! who knows , maybe google noticed and realized that , just wait and see with the often rumoured key-lemon pie or lemon meringue later on , just watch this space ! : ) edit : there was another question that was asked here previously . google cloud printing , printershare as per the answers on that question was mentioned . amendment #1: the reason no print facility is there is because it is not a wysiwg environment ( what you see is what you get ) unlike windows which has a huge range of print driver support for all sorts including pdf . the itext library is what developers struggle with - different pages , fonts , etc - it is a big technical feat . . . just saying : )
one idea would be to use the kindle for android app on your device and email the documents to your kindle app using your send-to-kindle email address . the missing link is a printer driver that sends print jobs via email . a quick search indicates that several are available . here 's a seemingly popular one for windows .
i would go with a print-to-pdf driver on the windows or mac end , and set it up to save stuff to a dropbox . on the android side , keep dropsync or equivalent running on the android device , auto-downloading stuff as it shows up . to get the ' instant ' , you will have to set dropsync up to check frequently , or trigger it manually . without writing it yourself , you are very unlikely to find something running on android that pretends to be a printer - it is just not a normal thing that most people want to do .
you can download this app ( adbwireless ) and connect to it via wireless , using the wifi without the cable you can connect directly via a address as shown by the widget/app . usually its the following : adb connect 192.168.1.x:5555 
you have to tell adb to use tcpip adb tcpip 5555 adb connect 10.0.0.2  then to go back to usb mode adb usb 
on android 4.0+ devices , certain devices without a separate memory partition ( i.e. . separate sd card ) do not have the usb mass storage option , rather android now uses mtp ( media transfer protocol ) or ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) to transfer files . note : if your device supports sd cards , please make sure that an sd card is available in the device before connecting it to the pc . to configure between mtp and ptp ( and usb mass storage if an sd card is available ) : go to settings > device > storage > menu > usb computer connection . to transfer files to your device via mtp , make sure it is in the mtp mode , then connect it to your computer via a usb cable . on windows : wait for windows to install the necessary drivers , then your device will be available in my computer . ( more info ) on mac : you have to install the android file transfer software . follow the steps on this support page . on ubuntu : follow the steps in this article .
in order to get a font of the regional language you will first need to root your device . follow this in order to understand what does rooting a device mean and this question on how to root . there is one more site which is providing rooting specific to your device after you have rooted the device then you need a file manager application like es file explorer now download the font file open es file explorer ( give root access open the file explorer> config > give root access ) copy your font file and paste it to ( root ) /system/fonts set permissions as 644 or rw . reebot/restart your device . now if you want to give gujrati as the input font download the keyboard app from the play store . rooting your device will void your warranty and you will be doing on your own risk . please understand the risk 's or data loss involved and go ahead only when you have the complete knowledge of it .
root the mobile first . then install the app " font installer " from play store . download some gujarathi font , keep it in sdcard and install through font installer app .
first , please make the question match your description ( in description you wrote s3 , in question s4 ) . to your question : i think it can be disabled in wifi menu . press the hardware " menu " button , then go to settings .
its indeed quite possible that either the two directories residing on the filesystem , /data/local/download or /cache/download is probably full of temporary files and is not deleted which contributes to the symptoms of the app not installing after 100% downloaded . some roms do have this facility or feature in place , called run-parts , which is invoked by the busybox which does this clean up on boot to clear out the temporary downloaded files saved in the specified directories . again , this is dependant on the rom . maybe that is what you should try doing , reboot to force the system to clean up the directories and try again upon bootup ? if that fails , then it sounds likely that the /cache partition is very small not to hold the downloaded files . the trick employed by roms is this , the /cache/download is either sym-linked to /data on the /data partition . the other trick is that /data/local/download is re-binded to the /cache/download directory . ( see this script below to see what the second trick is about ) why /cache and /data/local/download ? it is found in the init . rc script in the ramdisk of the rom in question which has the following environment variables that tells the google play store , where to save the downloaded apps . export ANDROID_CACHE /cache export DOWNLOAD_CACHE /cache/download  the only thing i would suggest is to use file explorer ( just as i type this i realised yeah , root . . . but i digress ) , and clean out the directory manually for a start .
i was having a similar problem . when trying to install an app from the market , it would get to 100% download , then say download failed . also , the same behavior occurred with updates to previously installed apps . tried all sorts of things from various forms and nothing worked . i am running eclair , and decided that my phone was becoming a paperweight without these updates . . . so i resolved to install a new rom , thankfully i did not have to go that far . i ran a one-click root application , and afterwards i could download updates and install new apps without issue . pretty sure rooting your phone will void the warranty , if that is not of concern and your at a dead end . . . perhaps give it try , it worked for me .
you either ran out of space , or you had updated google play .
someone already solved this without rooting the phone by uninstalling updates for google play store app : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; all ( tab ) , scroll down and tap " google play store " , then " uninstall updates " . source : samsunggalaxyforums
i do know that if you have a lot of messages on your razr before upgrading to ics , it actually will try to pull them all in again to the text messaging app . i have seen this with both stock and gosms on a droid 4 and it did take a little while on my razr maxx the first time i opened up the messaging app after upgrading to see all of my messages re-appear , as they first appeared as if they had all been deleted . if you are getting the little circular loading symbol , then it is likely the case - for a couple thousand messages , it took nearly all day to load them all . not sure why , but this may also be what is effecting you . i guess the only solution is to wait it out and see what happens . hope this helps and good luck getting your messages back .
i was having the exact same issues with my text messaging . i did a complete factory reset , wiped the internal memory and everything , and now it is working . sucks because i lost everything , but at least the phone works now .
my tablet was connected to my home wifi and then stopped . sitting in the same room as my router it reports the connection as out of range . i am using an old router set as an access point and everything else ( android phones and laptops ) connect to it just fine . to correct the problem i went in and reset the channel on the ap from 13 to 11 and voila instant connection .
it is not easy to know , but : 2 posibilities : check that the ip address configuration is correct . dhcp is properly configured , if needed . if you can not connect , try to change the security of your wi-fi . . . check if the mac access is enabled . good luck !
this is a quite old d-link wifi router . it likely needs to be either replaced or a firmware update . it may need to be re-configured to use different channels , to be compatible with the samsung galaxy ace .
i disconnected the usb and then some sort of debug screen showed up and gave me an option to reboot the phone . to my astonishment i still had android 2.3.5 installed and working . it looks like installation of new rom newer really took off . the second attempt to upgrading rom succeceded .
have you made sure that your " music volume " is actually turned up ? only then you will be able to hear the talk-back . to make sure it is , go to the stock music app , hit the " volume up " key on your phone a few times , then go back to google voice search and try again .
two things are important here : 1 . ) even if you would not install clockworkmod , you had lose your warranty since you replaced the pre-loaded operating system with unsupported one . 2 . ) clockworkmod ( or any other alternative recovery ) is what actually installs cyanogenmod on your phone so it is required . in short : replacing your phone os with cyanogen will void your warranty in any case . you will need some way of installing cm and clockwork is probably the easiest around .
i have the same phone , i did not have any problems . a few possibilities : make sure the card is completely inside the sd card slot . format the card . turn off the phone , take out the battery and pull the sd card out , turn on the phone without the sd card ( wait for it to completely load ) , again turn off the phone , put the sd card back in , turn on the phone ( wait for it to completely load ) . remove any widgets that access the card on boot ( like gallery widget , etc ) , reboot phone . try another sd card .
sony unfortunately divided the phone into two drives before the microsd slot . so the internal drive and the sd drive are already assigned . the external card then formats itself as " ext_card " on the root folder . i managed to redirect some folders from the internal to the external card via the program " directory bind " ( search for it on google , it is not available on the play store ) . for this to work you need a rooted phone . the phone is fairly easy to root via a script ( windows ) . you need to install adb drivers first ( if you install sony compagnion , this will install the adb drivers and you have to enable usb debug mode on your tipo before you run the script to root your tipo ) . overall this is a little complicated , so i advise you to be an expert user to try this , especially the configuration of " directory bind " is tricky . it would be best if sony " bundled both cards that are installed on the device internally to be just one and then the microsdcard slot would work as desired and could be used to install programs and other stuff much easier . links : directory bind : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1410262 root tool for tipo : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460
did you try this : turn the power off . if your samsung galaxy s is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no ( source : knowyourcell . com -- the first hit on a little google search ) update : alternative approaches are listed at hard-reset . com , e.g. : charge your battery fully before doing a hard reset press and hold volume up + home button ( or volume up + down ) keep pressing these 2 buttons + press power button for 2-3 seconds release only power button , but keep pressing volume up + home buttons ( or vol up + down ) you also might check with the following question here : sgs does not go to download , recovery mode nor does it connect via usb after installing a battery mod
thanks all for your help i can confirm that : i had a rom ( from orange france ) without any way to put my phone in download mode the little device here http://galaxy-download-mode.blogspot.ch/ works i was then able to upgrade my gt-i9000 and now home+vol down + power works ( so not download mode was not an hardware issue )
according to this discussion on modaco , the ram throughput of an acer liquid is 1.3 gb/s . even if the ace 's ram is slower ( unlikely ) it is got to be way faster than the class 10 sd card speed ( 10 mb/s write ) . so yes , your theoretical basis is invalid given that class 10 is the highest rating . even uhs-ii cards with a " theoretical " max speed of over 300 mb/s are slow compared to ram , and few phones support sdxc cards anyways .
you have to write the mount command using -t nfs ... nfsvers=4
i can tell you that is is not the mount command , it is the nfs . ko module that probably does not support nfs4 . when you call mount -t nfs ... the mount command is going to look for the filesystem type of nfs . if it does not find it , then you get the no such device error . if it does find it , it basically hands off the " mount " to the module . for the mount manager issue , if you do not have a cifs module , cifs will not work with mount manager . andsmb uses its own cifs/samaba implementation , and that is fine , but in order to accomplish something that allows any application to access the mounted share , it has to be cifs . ko module . i have to do some more looking in to the nfs issue you are still having .
might not be what you want but i do this busybox mount -o rw , intr , soft , nolock , nfsvers=2 192.168.0.7:/mnt/hd/hd_a2 /mnt/sdcard/nfs
yes , you actually can do this . it is kind of kludgy looking when you inspect the clipboard , but it works just fine . first off , you can inspect the current clipboard contents with service call clipboard 1 from an adb shell ( or , without shelling in first , adb shell service call clipboard 1 ) . it may start out initially blank after a reboot , for example : you can put text into the clipboard using service call clipboard 2 , which basically takes 3 parameters - two ints and the string you want to put on the clipboard : # service call clipboard 2 i32 1 i32 0 s16 "Hi there" Result: Parcel(00000000 '....')  to be honest , i am not sure what the first two parameters are . one answer on stack overflow has suggested the first int is " number of items in the parcel " ( one in this case ) and that the second is the length of the string . however , i have used 0 for the second parameter and it works fine , and i can not find any documentation that matches up with this particular function . . . so take that for what it is worth . in any case , it is basically creating a parcel object with 3 fields , then passing it into the clipboard . the clipboard then unpacks the parcel and sets the string value passed in as the clipboard 's contents . you can see this when you go to retrieve the value afterwards : similarly , if you long-press on a text entry field and hit " paste " after doing this , you will get the text that was set via the call service clipboard 2 line above ( and it will look completely normal ) . ( the above examples come from my htc evo , running cyanogenmod 7 )
you have different options here : scp : as dan already pointed out , android soesn't ship with any ssh server by default . this means , to use scp as described in your question , you will first have to install an ssh server app on your device . ftp : other than you are assuming in your question , ftp can be scripted . but that might not come as easy as a simple scp command . and like with ssh , you first will need to install an ftp server app on your device as well . important note : many ftp clients/connections default to ascii transfer mode . if you want to copy binary ( basically : non-text ) files like images , audio/video , etc . , make sure you are in binary mode ( when using the command-line , that can be done by issuing the bin command ) . otherwise you might get " broken files " on the receiving end . adb : this is an option android even ships with , but by default bound to an usb connection . you had just need to enable usb debugging in developer settings , connect your device via usb , and then can use commands like adb push or adb pull to put files on your device or retrieve them from there . as you prefer doing that via wifi , there are several apps providing this as well . there might be additional possiblities , but the three mentioned above are the most used .
if you are on the same wi-fi network as your mobile phone is and you have got the option to use adb i would recommend using wireless adb . setup wireless adb on your phone and adb on your pc . then just hit adb connect &lt;Local IP of your phone&gt; and when the device is connected you can use adb push /path/local/file /path/remote/location/
you can use scp if you like , but you first have to install a ssh server on the phone . android does not come with one enabled by default : that would be a security nightmare . there are many to choose from on google play .
android market is not a free service , it requires the tablet to be licensed by google . usually the cheap tablets do not have the license , and can not access the market . there are ways to install it afterwards , but i think that they are usually model specific .
if you are looking for an updated os , you should contact the device manufacturer and ask them about it . generally for cheap tablets the installed stock rom is all you ever get . your best bet is to root and unlock your tablet and install a rom that has google apps available for it . since you do not list your tablet model , that is the most specific advice on that score i can give . failing that , there are lots of third party sites around that you let download the apks ( installation files ) for apps independently of the market place . you can install them so long as you have Unknown Sources checked in Settings-&gt;Applications you can either visit those sites directly on your tablet or visit them on your pc and transfer the download apks to your tablet via your home network . you should be able to install them just by navigating to them in a file explorer and clicking on them ( "sideloading" ) . i like android community myself . caution : you run a much higher risk of getting malware installed on your device this way . i would advise installing an anti-malware app like prey on your device .
if you have ' rooted ' your device , and installed recovery onto it , then you can use a gapps package located here to install the android market onto it : gapps download
i am pretty certain the wifi drains more when scanning than when actively connected to a network . so when you are not going to use wifi , it is better to turn it off and use cell network ( which you will be using anyways while not actively connected to a wifi ) .
change the sdk directory path from eclipse settings to the root of your sdk path . also , chmod the files to executables
the icon that is displayed on the action bar is called a favicon . it is a low resolution ( usually 16x16 ) icon made to be displayed next to the name in a bookmark bar . android understandably does not use this as it would look hideous on your homescreen . for a website 's icon to show up they need to add another icon : the apple-touch-icon . this one was meant to be used as an icon on the homescreen . originally for idevices , but android adapted it . unfortunately i am not aware of a way to add an icon yourself if the site does not supply it .
i figured it out . my network was configured to use the network address as the router address . windows is able to handle this just fine , i guess , but android systems can not . so i changed the addressing settings to set the router to end in . 161 instead of . 160 ( the network address ) and it is all good :d
just in case you are not aware . hope this is relatedly helpful . be sure to not press and hold when finishing a session . just a quick press and it will go into suspend . to resume , another quick press and the screen comes back in about 1 second .
it may be worth noting that the boot time for the nexus one is about a minute . i think the expected use pattern of android devices is ' always on ' , so it is been optimized for everything but boot time .
unless they are something physically defective with your device your options are pretty limited : install a rom designed to boot quickly ( not sure that any exist ) install a rom based on a less resource-intensive version of android ( but there is no point in getting a xoom if you do not run 3.0 imo ) use an app like autostarts to prevent some apps from loading upon boot ( this probably will not help your boot time before you see the initial lock screen , however ) all three of these options require root access , so if you do not want to root your xoom then i can not think of anything you can do to decrease your boot time .
the concept is the same with a pc . if you have too many programs running at the same time on your computer , the you will notice that it becomes slow or sluggish over time . and if you look at the xperia j 's specs , it only has a single-core processor . so , you can not really expect it to run as snappy as a samsung galaxy s4 which has a quad-core processor .
while this might appear to temporarily " speed up " your device , this kind of " chuck norris roundhouse kick " is rather contra-productive for the system , especially for two things : your battery load time to access one of the killed apps again android usually does a good job managing ram . but some apps sometimes make it hard to do so ( mostly by not behaving properly : hogging lots of ram and trying to " stay alive " even if the user wishes them to quit ) . so to have the same " speed-up feeling " without the nasty side-effects , you had better identify those bad-behaving apps which you killed along the others ( like the wild-west saying : " kill'em all and let the lord sort out the bad from the good" ) . i have just added two tags to your question . you might wish to consult their tag-wikis and most frequented questions for more details . to do so , simply click them ( or hover your mouse over them and select the links to " info " for the tag-wiki , etc . ) .
i assume you can you adb to push it on , but do not take my word . you run the risk of bricking your device . xda-developers . com is the best place to ask android questions . they also deal with this technical side . sorry for this not being a real answer , but i can not comment and they can help you out more . generic answer get root access unlock bootloader install custom recovery like a clockwork mod flash rom
have you tried a file explorer like es file explorer or my files , which comes with later versions of android ? if go to the download folder is the half file present ? a completely downloaded file will present a long list of options if you long press the file , allowing you to cut/copy/rename/delete . possibly it will also appear on a halfway complete download to allow you to delete . then revisit the gmail message to restart the download if you want . remember that the target folder might have been specified other than the download folder . good luck .
first , have you tried to search for this device on http://forum.xda-developers.com ? they should have got the rom and the rooting method for you . note : never try to root or install a rom from someone you do not trust ! again never root the device when its still in use , because rooting the device would remove the warranty of its ! you might brick your device too . you can try to search for the rom by the name . secondly i know the good rooting software , search for bin4ry root ! they will root you device , you can follow steps ! hehehe , you must see the note i provided before continuing the process . by that software , you can first root the device . then check for the cwm support for your device on their site . or you can google it to find the best solution for that phone . after installing the cwm , you can easily install a rom , but again , becarefull while installing the rom , you might brick the phone . good luck , cheers !
a quick google search leads me to believe that the device in question is extremely osbscure . rooting it is probably possible , but almost definitely will not be easy . i was unable to find any methods for rooting it . a custom rom is almost entirely out of the question . i do not think there are any custom roms compatible with the device at all . additionally , i do not think there are any custom recovery options available to you at all . i would say that unless you are very experienced with treading where none have tread before for the device - gaining root manually , hacking , compiling kernels , compiling roms for the device - you are more or less out of luck . anyone feel free to correct me if i am wrong .
shockingly , you can not block calls with xperia phones . unfortunately it is not possible to do this without installing any 3rd party software . i know that truecaller has this function if you want to use a 3rd party app . source : official sony forum you need to download 3rd party softwares that are mentioned earlier : truecaller calls blacklist
there is an app called ' truecaller ' i think to do this job . search it in google play . here - truecaller
well , let us try doing this again , 1 ) pickup your sony xperia j , 2 ) open the contact page 3 ) select number from the list ( i.e. . the number you want to blacklist ) 4 ) press menu key 5 ) add to reject list . all done i think you are going somewhere wrong , it has to be there ! let me know if you find it out !
well , that may be happening because of bugs . i would say why do not you try testing your battery . you need to remove your battery and put it over the flat surface and then try spinning it , if the battery spins freely then the battery is swollen and needs replacement . i think you should first try checking your battery out .
not exactly what you asked , but mapsaurus beta comes close to it . you can also use the corresponding website : mapsaurus : just enter the app you look for " alikes " , and it shows you related apps : click on one of them , and the tree continues . a separate frame ( not shown in my picture ) gives you the playstore link to the centered app . the screenshot was made from the website .
i think press menu > settings > accounts and sync > and select the account > then it should display options with checkboxes like calender , contacts , email . . . thats what i have got in my phone running froyo good luck
if you download the source for android 2.3 you can compile it and install it on your device . you can even make any modifications that you want before building it . this is what the folks who make all of those custom roms do . unfortunately even downloading and installing vanilla android is a bit more involved and complicated than it sounds .
there are many custom roms that are perfectly legitimate . they are built by dedicated people who put a lot of effort into the work . i would not disparage them by calling their work " hacks " . cyanogenmod is the most popular , but there are plenty more . there is not an installable phone image available for you to download from the android dev site . those are emulator images only .
it depends on your phone . i have been using android 2.3.3 for about a month now on my n1 , and it is not hack , but google 's own version .
i faced a similar problem with my lg optimus one ( p500 ) . i first suspected the microphone and hence attempted to use voice recorder as suggested by matthew read . since it was working , i became clueless . after struggling a lot , i realized that i had installed a call recording software . this call recording software was installed months before and hence i did not suspect it . even after disabling the software i could not receive calls . however , the problem was solved once i uninstalled it . later i understood that android sdk does not provide clean solutions to hook into mic ( unlike symbian platform ) . hence call recording software developers are left to use any sort of dirty means ( which i am not aware ) to make their app work . so , if you have any such application which plays with mic , just uninstall them and try .
check the microphone . can you record yourself with the voice recorder app ? if not , i would suspect you damaged it somehow .
the authentication on some android phones occurs at a screen where you type in fastboot oem unlock and unlock the phone allowing you to change what your phone will boot into when you load . the authentication your referring to is not seen much anymore . one example would be in the earlier days i had a htc legend with a signed boot load , this meant that i had to get htc to sign a rom if i wanted to load it onto my phone . so to bypass this authentication we would load up the htc update tool on our pc 's stop on the screen just before the rom would be loaded onto the phone , go into the temp folder in windows and change the data to the data we wanted to load into our phones and let the htc software load our content rather then there own . these days the exploits to bypass authentication are rarely needed as most phones are not locked . edit got away from myself there and missed the main point in the title q : how android custom recovery roots the phone ? a : it does not
recovery is not actually booting into linux , its running before linux runs and modifying how linux runs . [ i note that " locked boot loaders " prevent you from changing the kernel , luckily you do not have one ! ] i am not sure on the specifics , but if you can get access to the linux kernel bootup parameters it is always possible to " get root access " - because the linux kernel is what defines and controls root access ! ! !
as davidgo explains , the recovery is like a separate , very simple operating system that your device boots into . when you boot into recovery mode , android itself is not running , so none of the os-level protections like users and file permissions make any difference . however , the recovery mode does have access to the main filesystem of your phone . it is normal for a recovery to mount that filesystem to apply updates , but when you are rooting your phone , the update you supply just writes a suitable su binary to the correct place with the necessary permissions ( i.e. . with the suid bit set ) . then , when you reboot into android , the su binary is there and available to use . if you want to think of it like a pc , it is like booting from a live cd , mounting the root filesystem of the pc , and editing /etc/sudoers or /etc/passwd to give yourself root access . of course you can do this from a live cd , because the ' real ' operating system on the pc is not running .
and to continue what dan wrote , if you mean for the stock android or samasung browser ( it is not the same app , but it is in the same place ) , it is what @dan hulme answer . but if the browser is chrome press on the 3 dots > " history " > " clear browsing data . . " > pick " clear the cache " , here is a picture : hope it is been helpful !
go to android settings from there select application manager . under the tab " all " scroll down to " internet " . you can find options to clear cache data as well as other data such as saved passwords . etc
clear the browser by hitting the settings on your phone . navigate to privacy settings hit clear cache .
maybe the error is not in your phone , or your friend 's one . maybe the error is from your provider , or the provider of your friend . in some situations the network will not deliver a sms due to overload , or many other causes , if this occurs some carriers delay the deliver some time , maybe this is the case , the network detected some problem and delayed the delivery of the sms , and now you received a message send some time ago ( like sometimes happens on december 31th with overloaded networks , you end up receiving a " happy new year ! ! " on january 4th )
go to settings > developer options and change window animation and transition animation to 1x for the default or 0 for the speediest ui response
disabling the default action for an intent is easy enough to do on ics . from the launcher , press the menu button , and choose Manage apps . select the app that you chose as the default for the action . scroll down and touch Clear defaults .
if you can not find an appropriate setting on your device , you may have another app take care for that . there are some on the playstore addressing exactly your problem , e.g. : defaultapp reset 1 explicitly states this will work on android 1.5-2.3.3+ and 3.0-3.2+ and 4.0-4.0.3+ and 4.1+ , default app manager 2 does not explicitly state ( but is free , so you could check ) . to your second question : it is rather system-wide for the same action . for example , if you open an audio file from the file manager , and select the player for " always " -- this will also be used if you select an audio file from , say , the browser . a second screenshot 3 from the default app manager app may be helpful to understand this part :
on the kindle fire ( gingerbread ) , i go into settings > applications > third party applications and select dolphin browser , my usual default browser . there is a clear defaults button on dolphin 's page . that button un-defaults my browser and restores the question . i would expect you had have to do something similar - use system-settings for a given application - to undo it is default-ness .
i have discovered the solution ( at least for my nexus 7 ) ! here 's what happens : tap take bug report take bug report " take a while " popup displays - tap report after about 30 seconds , the words " bug report captured " appear for about 2 seconds on left side of the top manu bar ( the one with time and wi-fi and other icons ) . an adroid icon then displays on the left side ( where downloads and other status indicators display ) . swiping down on those icons displays an item " bug report captured " tapping on the item brings up a " complete action using " popup that includes gmail . tapping the gmail icon allow you to send the bug report text and its associated screen capture to yourself . pretty nice , but very easy to miss .
based on what i have read , Make Bug Report is supposed to e-mail the bug report to the gmail account that is tied to your device . i tried it , but i did not get any emails . i will update this answer if i find anything new .
a google+ account is tied to a google account . so what you can do is using your own account on the android device instead of the shared one .
the before and after screenshots of the about screen confirm that i had the exact same android , baseband , and kernel versions , as well as the same build number actually , they do not . the first screenshot shows a build number of jwr66 v , and the second is jwr66 y . an official changelog has not been released , but t-mobile 's documentation indicates that the update contains " security " updates . you can also find some ( unofficial ) discussion of the actual code commits in this article . so although the version number was not incremented , it is a different build than you previously had .
are you using screen filtering apps ? because your screenshot looks red-dim . if yes , disable the screen filter app and it will work again . if you are not using any filtering app , try looking for screen-related apps installed on your phone . this kind of problem mostly related to screen-related apps . try disable them one by one in your settings-> apps and find which one is causing the problem .
i know this answer may be of low quality , having no concrete explanation and all ; but sometimes recoveries behave pretty weirdly . once with my old device , i tried to make a nandroid backup , and it completed within a few seconds . seeing that the backup was basically empty , i ran it again , and this time i can not select the nandroid option . you can try what i did - just select the option with your volume keys as though it is there . just guide yourself with the highlight .
gameloft has been reluctant to publish on android market because of their own drm policies , but lately they have been changing their stance and putting more of their games on android market . ea has plenty of titles up for sale as well ( in europe , see ea netherlands ) . some other big names like id software and epic have mentioned a strong possibility of bringing ports to the likes of rage and unreal engine to android some time in the future as well . and then of course , there is zynga , if you are not getting enough spam from their apps on facebook .
how did you search for the publishers ? electronic arts , for example , most certainly has applications in the market . i only see one square enix game , though . beyond that , the xperia play will be supported by a line of playstation titles . they are already starting to hit the market , in fact . i would not recommend purchasing them unless you own an xperia play since i have no idea what running them on a non-suported device would entail ( or if it is even feasible - i will leave that to xda ) , but it is another angle to it . whether or not they will continue to update them or develop new games . . . i could only speculate , really .
no lock works for me on my lenovo a1 !
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
there are many roms available for the desire based on stock android / the open souce project . i currently run cyanogen 's rom on my desire , but i have also used opendesire and many others . take a look on the xda forums . there is no ' official ' stock rom for the desire , because no one is selling in without the htc rom , but opendesire is as close to the open source project as you are likely to get , where as cyanogen 's rom is more feature packed ! you will of course need to root your phone to install custom roms . this is easily done on the desire using unrevoked .
this would seem to require device in which the in-call audio can be sourced/obtained by an application . on the typical android phone architecture , in call audio is handled by the radio co-processor , entirely out of reach of anything running under linux/android - the same reason why you can not really record calls . if you got a rooted phone with ( or hackable for ) usb host support and found a usb audio dongle with linux drivers you could theoretically loop around and plug that into the phone 's headset jack . . . but would not it be simpler just to buy sip gateway service from someone ?
no . at the moment , that is not available . potentially you could port a linux application for this to your android phone , easier if it is a cli application , but as it stands at the moment there is no application that can do what you ask .
like on any os , although the app code itself is isolated in its own process container , it is possible for the app to trigger problems in the os itself or in the hardware . for example , if the crash you are seeing is caused by a hardware problem such as a damaged heatsink , then any heavy workload will make the hardware fail , and there is not much the os can do to stop that . the least reliable part of most operating systems is the drivers , so if there is a bug in ( say ) the gpu driver , that could make the kernel hang regardless of which process caused the situation that triggered the bug .
i had the exact problem for my galaxy note 2 . i fixed it by following these steps : go to settings from the menu button on the home screen . click " my device " . click " lock screen " . click " screen lock " . enter your passcode . click whichever security setting you used before .
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen lock , enter the pin once more and select Slide ( or what ever you had before ) .
i used to play ingress before , and i was able to update to newer versions using apks uploaded by other players . i do not know if google 's verification process has changed , but as long as it is an official apk ( i.e. . not modified ) , it should be fine . also , according to this google+ thread , the verification process uses google play services .
try to call the phone with a landline . if the problem persists try a factory reset , if that do not fix the problem i am afraid you have a hardware issue .
from google voice settings ( on the web , not the phone app ) , under phones , select your mobile number , and edit . uncheck " receive sms on this phone "
make sure you have updated to the latest version of the google voice application in the market . then open the app on your phone . go to : settings > sync and notifications . uncheck the " notifications via text message " box . back all the way out , and just for good measure , reboot your phone .
you can try forcing your device to ask for a free download slot : settings > apps > all find google service framework in the list , tap on it first tap clear data , then force stop after this procedure the last checked date under settings > about phone > system update should have been reset to 1970 or so . tap the check now button there and see if the update notification pops up now . if this fails even after multiple tries , you can follow a slightly longer procedure described in this post , which involves taking out the sim card . apart from that , you could just wait ( you will definitely get the update with your current config ) or flash it manually .
my hunch is that you will indeed see the update eventually ; i think the schedule depends on your carrier . if you are impatient , you can download it directly from http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/9zggdxdi.zip , although i confess i was never able to get that to apply ; you might also try downloading the entire 4.1 image and running the " flash-all " script ; that worked for me on previous releases and thus i assume it'll work for you : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/soju-jro03e-factory-c9f5a67d.tgz
the " dog " you are talking about is atrackdog . : ) it queries your installed apps and compares them to the latest known versions .
if you have an ( w ) lan network connected to an adsl modem at your home , a mobile access point is like that adsl modem ; a mobile access point ( ap ) translates between the protocol of the mobile network to the protocol of the wider internet . imagine the mobile network as a lan , and access points are the nodes in the lan that have direct access to the internet , all communication between the inner network and the outer network must go through an access point . access points can have rules about what data can pass through it , how it works is similar to how a firewall works . at a minimum , the firewall will have rules on which ports that applications can connect to . by default , http uses port 80 and https uses port 443 , but any protocol can use any port number as long as both the client and the server agrees on which one to use . a more aggressive firewall will also inspect the destination of a data packet , and an even more aggressive one could inspect the actual content of the packets , as long as they are not encrypted . the job of a proxy is to tunnel a data transmission through a remote server ; so if you configured your phone to use proxy 123.123.123.123 at port 80 or 443 , the firewall will have no way of distinguishing between this and normal http/https connection , especially with https proxy as the data is encrypted from the client to the proxy . the remote proxy server , which is ideally located in an unrestricted network , will then relay the data to their true destination . the network operator can block a proxy by blacklisting their ip address and configuring their firewall to block any access to the ip address of a known proxy , but since there are 4 billion ipv4 addresses and the ip addresses used by some proxies change all the time , it is difficult if not impossible task to blacklist every proxy in existence . anyone can also create their own proxy server using their own home connection or purchase a server that they use for proxying , this makes it impossible to filter all proxies . most networks that blocks only for browser connections does that to limit usage of bandwidth sucking applications , like torrents ; so , as long as your proxy usage does not burden the network too much and you are not using it to access illegal materials , they usually would not hunt you down for it .
i would gues that access point is sending you pac - proxy auto configuration . if you ignore this you can browse freely .
right now this is not very likely . if the phone was listening and analyzing the surrounding voices constantly that would drain the battery very quickly . you could also detect app activity , data connection , etc . while that process occurs . indeed @gunner has a plausible explanation . nevertheless , it is likely that at some point phones could analyze phone call conversations the same way that gmail analyzes the text of emails and suggest personalized ads based on these conversations .
it is possible that maybe your parents ( or your friends ) searched for it , or +1d it , or checked into it , and they are in your circles ! google regularly gives you suggestions based on what people in your circles like . take a look at http://www.google.com/policies/terms/changes/ feedback from people you know can save you time and improve results for you and your friends across all google services , including search , maps , play and in advertising . for example , your friends might see that you rated an album 4 stars on the band’s google play page . and the +1 you gave your favorite local bakery could be included in an ad that the bakery runs through google . we call these recommendations shared endorsements and you can learn more about them here . hope i helped !
in the end , i rooted the phone and installed the cyanogenmod distribution in place of the cell phone carrier 's os . : )
this to me looks like something your provider has added in to stop you getting free tethering on your data plan . if you are rooted ( which i assume you are as you are using a tethering app ) , then you can attempt to freeze the app that is responsible for this , using an app freezer such as app quarantine root . if it is not an app , then it may be part of the rom directly , in which case you would have to install a custom rom such as cyanogenmod . you should look at forums such as xda-developers to find a rom for your device . using a custom rom will definitely remove the message .
that is most likely where the battery is located . i do not know what your definition of " not too cpu demanding " but i know when i use my galaxy nexus for extended lengths of time it heats up noticeably over where the battery is . even when the screen is not actually on and i am not interacting with it , it can heat up due to processes and services going on in the background such as email sync or music playback or social site syncing . this could be part of what is going on with you . also , when i charge it it heats up . there probably is not anything " wrong " with it , just a lot of stuff running . if it makes you feel better , when it starts to heat up , turn it off and take out the battery until it cools down , then put it back in .
switch off your phone when you are not using . lock your phone when its not working . do not running too much apps in same time . do not use the phone while it is charging . do not play games and do not watch videos when it is getting overheated . and i have to tell you something . unfortunately i have got a xperia v ; - )
download mode is for flashing radio firmware/rom upgrade through official means . some devices uses u-boot over the generic boot , it is a boot-loader code found in read-only rom chip on the board , which uses a certain memory address offset , in which the kernel from the /boot partition gets loaded into that specific certain memory address offset and jumps into that address and the kernel starts running . for details of the generic lk boot which is employed by most , if not all , qualcomm based devices , see this as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example .
i use andsmb or andftp over wifi for this purpose . the former accesses files shared via the smb/cifs protocol ; the latter can access ftp and sftp servers . you might already have samba ( an smb server ) installed on your ubuntu machine . if not , i think sftp is easier to set up : you just need to install the openssh-server package , and look at the official documentation to see what options you might want to change . i mention these two clients because i have used both and i know you can use " share " with both of them as well as a file browser interface ; there are other sftp and smb clients available . if you go with sftp , you might go a step further and install a dynamic-dns system on your ubuntu box so you can access it over the internet as well as your own wifi network . if you do this ( as i have ) , it is like having your own dropbox server .
there are multiple possibilities to do so . if the opposite direction is ok with you ( i.e. . initiating the transfer from your ubuntu machine ) , you might want to take a look at apps like websharing or samba server , which require little permissions . airdroid is quite famous , but you probably will not like its permission requests ( with that app you can maintain almost all your device ) . initiating transfers from your android device , some file managers might be interesting . so e.g. es file explorer file manager ( which i use myself ) . this app can even auto-discover your samba resources , so you can directly copy files in both directions . all mentioned solutions work via wifi and require both ends ( android and ubuntu ) being members of the same network .
i was not able to find easy way to make working usb connection between my galaxy s3 and ubuntu . the only solution that worked for me described here : ubuntu - automount nexus 7 in mtp mode . here is list what i did to make mtp working : compile and install go-mtp create mount point create udev rules play around with mount/umount it was not trivial at all , but finally made usb connection working . speed is good and after initial configuration does not require any further reconfiguration . please refer to the link for details .
so here is what i did : first i tried bin4ry method 's from xda with the 3rd option , it installs superuser , but its buggy and it does not remember the permissions . so then i did it with motochopper method from xda which installs supersu , and the root apps now require permissions from supersu just once , and it is working fine . after that i safely deleted superuser .
if you install the yahoo mail app from the play store , it will synchronize your contacts to your phone 's address book , and pull them up in any app , including gmail . the advantage of this method is that you will have an ongoing sync , meaning any contacts you add via yahoo website will automatically appear on your phone , and vice-verse . if you do not want to install the yahoo mail app , you will need to use a computer . first , export contacts on yahoo website as a csv file as described in this walk-through : go to yahoo mail website on your computer . click on the " contacts " button , and then go to actions -> export . . . select the " yahoo csv " option , click the " export now " button , select somewhere on your computer where to save this file , and click " ok " . then you import the csv file into your google account as described here : sign into gmail . click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . click the more button above the contacts list and select " import . . . " click the choose file button . select the csv file you generated from yahoo , and click the import button . this method is a one-time import , and any modifications you make to your contacts via yahoo website will not propagate to your phone . instead , your contacts will appear in your google account .
with the nook color it is possible to both root the tablet and install a custom rom . some users have even gone so far as to setup their nook color to dual boot . in this scenario , the unit will boot the stock nook os when allowed to boot from internal memory , or boot a custom rom when instructed to boot from the sd card . this is likely the scenario you read about with regard to an " android os card " . the nook tablet is quite similar to the nook color , but has been modified from the earlier device to have a locked bootloader that will only load a rom signed by barnes and noble . while it is still possible to gain root permission on this device , it is not ( yet ) possible to load a customer rom . due to this , you may not boot the unit to an alternative rom stored on the sd card . you can , however , install the amazon appstore , google market , gmail , and other apps to get more utility from this tablet . you can find instructions and details over at xda-developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1354487
try looking into plex . i have never used it , but i hear it is good and works on a multitude of devices .
for the youtube specific part of your request specifically , google have released an official youtube remote app , that allows you to control playing youtube videos on a pc from an android phone/tablet . you visit http://youtube.com/leanback on your pc , and the app then interacts with it .
in general it is at the moment impossible to stream all audio from your android to another receiver . there is no app which can help you because android itself has no apis for grabbing audio . but sure you may use a specific player , e.g. one for youtube and one for music and so on . i really know what i am talking about because i am developing an app for general streaming audio since several months ( it is really hard work with rooting , kernel-module etc . ) .
there is an app for that ! it does exactly what you want and even lets you share to more than one app at the same time . it really ought to be something the system options let you do , but anyway . the only problem is that the app apparently has some issues with some apps in ics , but i can not speak to that from experience . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andmadesoft.share
this list is generated ( on every boot ) from the installed apps that have registered themselves with the system to handle this function . the only certain way to remove an entry from this list is to uninstall the corresponding app . you can try de-compiling the app , removing the share intent from its " manifest . xml " file , and re-packing it . however , this will most likely cause issues with market updates because of signature mismatches .
settings storage , technically speaking , is actually an internal app that manages the content provider framework for settings itself . it also registers itself upon android boot-up . the settings storage backing data store handler , really , uses an sqlite database , which is in the public domain and free to use . this database is required to hold the settings for updating and retrieval via the setting 's internal content provider , which is integrated through-out the rom in itself , so everything that is seen through menu > settings , " talk " to the content provider " and that in itself , handles the backing store . also , that settings own content provider is actually global through-out the rom , irrespective of android version , so that the system apps and user apps can use that to check on it by querying it and act accordingly . hence the " seeing of two settings apps " . . . .
if you start gowidget , there are 2 lists . installed and not installed widgets . you can install widgets from there . if you installed the switch widget , you can add it to your homescreen tapping on a blank space and selecting gowidget from the list . switch should now be listed in the installed list . obviously go launcher ex has to be installed , it cannot just be used with htc sense . you have to replace htc sense ( at least the launcher ) through go launcher ex .
i do not know how to turn the screen off completely but setting the screen brightness to the lowest possible value will help with battery life . settings-> display-> brightness
there is this app . . screen filter . this would help you in achieving your desired brightness or rather making it completely off !
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
i believe you will find it in settings > notification settings > then make sure enable popup is not selected . ( i just tested disabling popup messages - it works . phone vibrates with new message , screen stays off . ) alternatively , you can keep popup enabled , select popup settings > then make sure screen on for popup is not selected . this should allow the popup when you are using the phone , but not when the screen is off .
this previous question how to force network operator selection once and for all ? suggests that an app called apn lock should allow you to lock your network to the correct one . you had need to change the settings on it to change which network it locks to whenever you move between the countries , but hopefully you are not doing that every day ?
assuming that you are using outlook when you are at a pc in the office , you could just export your contacts from outlook on your last day , and then import them into gmail . gmail is good at handling csv imports from outlook , and will also suggest duplicates that can be merged and help you to merge them . a few helpful links : export outlook contacts to google gmail ( outlook 2002/2003 ) transfer contacts between outlook and google gmail ( outlook 2007 ) export contacts ( outlook 2010 ) then follow the final steps from either of the above guides for the gmail import stage merging duplicate contacts in gmail
you may want just transfer your exchange contacts to gmail . there are quite good duplicate/merging tools in gmail contacts . use More actions and Find and merge duplicates . there are automatic as well as manual merging modes . you can import csv formatted contacts into gmail from its More actions and Import menu .
if it is stock , and you do not see an " export " option , you are probably toast . i know cyanogenmod allows contact export to sd card in vcf format , at least in version 6 ( do not know about 7 , do not run it ) . cm4 did not allow contact export . i can not imagine a system administrator allowing rooted phones on their network .
lots of apps use this connection to do their work . as well as google 's own apps such as gmail and hangouts , third-party apps that use any of the following features via the google play services library need such a connection to work fully : license verification or in-app purchases push notifications using google cloud messaging signing in with your google account or syncing or backing up your data to google 's servers most google play games services features ( e . g . online multiplayer and leaderboards ) even so , the indicator is not really meant as an indicator about google 's servers . since google 's servers are always there , android checks if it can reach them as a way of knowing whether it can reach the internet in general . that way , it is easier for you to know what is wrong if you are on a captive wi-fi network ; that is , the kind that redirects you to a login or terms and conditions page .
it sounds like you are not using the correct update . zip file for your model ; if the software/hardware architecture is not a match , installation will fail .
yes , it is normal . think about what a rooting app does . it exploits a vulnerability in the operating system to get elevated privileges , and drops a new binary so that it will continue to have those privileges , completely subverting the security of the system . in a way , a rooting app is a virus . you certainly would not want to install one by accident , so it is correct that your antivirus should warn about it . if you want a " clean " method of rooting , the only way is to use the official method , by unlocking your bootloader and using the recovery to root .
for now , the only solution i have come up with is to use the really old 2.3.6 version of the market app . this is the only one that does not auto-update itself . in order to install it , you have to uninstall the play store , install it , and convert it to a system app . if you wish , you can use titanium backup to backup the old version for later use .
you can try to found out the play store update ip address and have it blocked using the iptables tool ( using busybox )
here is how you do it : open play store tap the top left corner to open the menu select " settings " under " general " there is an " auto-update " with 3 options
that is a known bug with kitkat , not only affecting the nexus but other devices as well . we discussed that on chat lately . a work-around is using an app like appchooser , which replaces the share menu . as a side-effect , it even gives you several improvements above the built-in share menu , as e.g. the possibility to chose between grid and list display , or have the list sorted alphabetically versus last-used ( where the latter would have your most frequently used share-targets always on top ) . you can even hide apps you do not want to see in the share menu ( and make them visible via the " show all " button ) . appchoser ( source : google play ) the only alternative i know of is andmade share , which offers comparable features .
try changing the channel that the wireless is hosted on . i have had this recently with two different devices ( one android ) where my wireless did not appear in list of available ssid 's . in both cases it was in the 5 ghz spectrum and moving my n to a different channel fixed the problem . apparently certain driver do not implement the full spectrum properly .
i think you should contact your home wifi broadband for assistance . if you already did this , i think the problem is in your own tablet
flash it using recovery , but you will need to wipe your cache is after flashing or gapps will crash , therefore making your phone unusable and forcing you to wipe .
you should be able to do that . first make sure you download the correct version ( the version of the gapps archive must match the android version installed on your device ) . put the gapps*.zip file on your sdcard , and boot to recovery-mode . select " install update . zip " , and navigate to your gapps archive . select it , have it installed , reboot , enjoy : ) as you have tagged your question cyanogenmod , you might also wish to take a look at their gapps page . this will make it easier for you to find the correct gapps archive .
i have looked , but it seems there is nothing that will work with the volume up button to undo the silence .
that is odd - mine behaves the way you want : pressing volume down decreases the volume , and then goes into vibrate and finally silent mode ; then pressing volume up reverses all of this . my nexus 4 has the current version of android : 4.3 ( jwr66y ) on it .
judging by the details you have provided , there is nothing to be afraid of regarding the notification . the spy activity you mentioned is never an actual warning from the os but a mere notification generated by the game to involve you in playing it . ( most probably you will be told that some enemy is spotted spying on you in an on-game mission , after the notification is selected and the game is opened . ) so after all , that notification is not a actual positive spyware warning . nothing to worry . you can not read previously cleared notifications of the notification bar . but you might be able to see the previous notification of your game if the game has a such a function in-built . check for notifications or mission updates in in-game menus . this , of course , is bit of a long shot . if there is no such option , those notifications also cannot be viewed .
the first thing to remember is that when an app runs , it does not actually do computation for the whole time it is running : most of the time it is idle , waiting for data to arrive over the network , or while you are looking at it on the screen . only very badly-written apps and games keep the cpu active the whole time they are running : this runs the battery down very quickly , and makes your phone rather warm . so even if chrome has been on the screen for 30 minutes , it should not have used 30 minutes of cpu time . if it is completely static in that time and you are not interacting with it , it might not have used any cpu time at all ! but at the other extreme , even if it was continually scrolling a page , it would not use 30 minutes of cpu time : the screen updates every 1/60th of a second , and each time it just has to run for long enough to work out what the next frame should be . cpu foreground bearing this in mind , cpu foreground is how much time the app has been running on the cpu while an activity from the app was in the foreground . ( it might also include when a service from the app was in the foreground : that is , displaying an " ongoing " notification . ) it is not a very useful figure on its own . cpu total i am sure you already know that apps can run services and broadcast receivers in the background , as well as activities in the foreground . ( for more on this , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) cpu total includes all of this cpu use . if it is a lot more than cpu foreground , you might suspect that the app is doing a lot of work in the background and therefore might be a battery hog . how much is " a lot " depends on the app . an app that keeps running to check some remote service will use more cpu in the background than a sudoku game . keep awake when the screen of your phone is off , it starts to think about having a quick nap . it enters a low-power mode called sleep where the cpu is almost completely powered down until needed . because this can interrupt apps ' background activities , an app can use a wake lock to stop the device going to sleep until it is finished . ( there is also another kind of wake lock , which stops the screen turning off automatically . a video player might use that kind of wake lock . ) an app can also use an alarm to wake the device up to perform some background tasks . keep awake measures the length of time that this app has used wake locks or alarms to keep the device awake when it would otherwise have been asleep . in a way , this is potentially the biggest drain on battery . sleeping uses much less power than staying awake , so if an app keeps a wake lock for a long time , it is keeping your device in a high-power mode all that time , even if the app is not doing any useful work . if you see an app whose keep awake time is more than a few seconds , you should report a bug to the app developer , and you might consider uninstalling it . 30 seconds over the course of a whole day is reasonable for an app that does work in the background , but most apps will show less than a second here .
following is the explanation to the numbers you have in question . cpu total = total time of cpu usage of your app ( cpu total = cpu foreground + cpu background ) in your case , chrome browser used the cpu for a total time of 29 minutes and 31 seconds . cpu foreground = cpu usage while the app is in the foreground ( visible on screen and focused ) in your case , chrome browser used the cpu for a total time of 14 minutes and 43 seconds when it was visible and focused in the screen keep awake = the time your app kept the device from sleeping ( prevented the phone from turning the screen off ) additionally , some devices hae the following item as well . cpu background = cpu usage while the app is running in the background ( it has a background process , or widget , etc ) so , as you can see , the actual time the app used your cpu is lesser than the time you used the app .
there is an article that discusses the semi-technical reasons/issues that have lead to the differences in smoothness of android and iphone devices . but after gathering some key points from the article one can conclude : from the very start , ios had been built around a multi-touch screen ( meaning ios had been built from the gound up to be very responsive as opposed to most other oss that adopted full screen multi-touch displays ) yes , it is not always hardware ( processing power ) dependent it is merely a result of ios operating system giving more priority to ui rendering , etc where as android distributes the processing power equaly ( this may be an advantage or drawback as with a faster ui everything from download speeds to loading content will slow down ) ui rendering occurs on the main thread of an app ui rendering has normal priority android is very popularly known to be highly customization and it is simply a matter of tweaking kernel parameters like ' lowmemkiller ' that can make ui : amazingly smooth -- easily as smooth as the iphone or wp7 phones it is not that android lacks the potential , but simply that developers prefer to spend resources elsewhere ( like on the bigger screens of some devices ) . then why does not android spend more resources on ui ? well , android is widely distributed among a wide variety of devices , and that is exactly why when it comes to android , only individual owners can overcome these ( there is no optimum setting android developers can set . . . every device that runs android has its own set of ' optimum settings ' and every user has his own perspective on what they should be ' optimum settings' ) . so the solution , balance the power . . . and no it is not something that has been ' overcome ' on newer android devices . but it depends on what you mean by overcome , as the lowmemkiller of rooted android devices can easily be tweaked ( but it comes as a cost to battery , etc . . . ) for more technicality , see dianne hackborn and andrew munn
i reconfigured the router to resolve the problem . the settings that work include : g rather than the other options being b and g/n . this looks like the setting for the suffix on 802.11 . wpa-personal aes of course other settings may also work and might be more secure but i did not try them .
to upgrade your phone to official lg 's ics release do the following ( remember to backup all your important data before starting ) : go to official lg support page for your region , downloads and manuals section scroll down to search by keyword and input this : Optimus-2X-P990 , click the only result . scroll down to downloads click the tab software update follow carefully all the instructions there .
you may also look here : how do i run two programs at once in split-screen ? tested on a samsung note 10.1 ( sm-p605 ) with android 4.3 i found some apps which are supporting multi window , e . g : my files ( * ) stock video player mx player stock email app gmail stock webbrowser ( * ) chrome gallery contacts phone google maps polaris office 5 whatsapp facebook watch now chat on ( * ) google play store but there are really very few apps capable to run with multiple instances ( from the above list only those which are marked with ( * ) ) . so , you can for example open My Files twice ( left and right of upper and lower half screen ) : unfortunally , Polaris Office 5 ( pdf viewer ) is not capable to run twice . so if you want to view 2 pdf docs side by side , it seems that you have to install a 2nd pdf viewer app and e.g. open Polaris Office 5 on the left and the other pdf viewer on the right side of the screen . a short look to google play store for pdf viewers that support multi window : pdf reader from ivan ivanenko ( free ) ebooka pdf viewer from ivan ivanenko ( free ) repligo pdf reader ( paid , 2,26€ ) at the following screenshot i had opened ivan ivanenko 's pdf reader and ebooka pdf viewer side by side :
try using floating apps . multi window feature is only available on a few android devices like samsung note , etc . floating apps will provide similar functionality . try this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lwi.android.flappsfull
the easiest way is , if your projector supports wifi connection then any android device will work ( phone/tablet ) with appropriate application . and to view pdfs + to write on it just use adobe reader . or , you can just install droid@screen to do it for you link is this hope this helps . : )
this is definitly possible . there are even multiple approaches i could think of : screen mirroring some devices already ship with this functionality . my sister e.g. just got her new samsung galaxy s4 mini which i helped her to set up , and i noted a related " toggle " in the notification bar to switch " mirroring " on/off . also , newer builds of the custom rom cyanogenmod imho offer this feature . especially via hdmi , this also should be supported ( maybe requiring an additional app ) . remote tools idev already mentioned team viewer in his comment . while the specific component to remote access the android device itself only exists for few devices ( the list might grow , some time given ) , there are several similar/comparable solutions , as vnc . other means there might also exist specific " whiteboard apps " , designed for exactly this purpose . i do not know such one ( but i did not explicitly check for ) , but searching the playstore cannot hurt ( to ease this , as the " official google play website is quite restricted in its search capabilities since its relaunch , i recommend using appbrain for searching ; it is an alternative " web frontend " to google play ) .
samsung galaxy s2 . . . same solution touch click " incoming settings " which looks like a label rather than a field
changing your account setting will allow you to access your e-mail , but will not reset the google account synchronization . after you update your passwords in the accounts of the security section then open the playstore application . the playstore application will then notice your change of password and will prompt you for the new one . give the new password and that is it .
in samsung galaxy s2: settings > accounts and sync > ( select your exchange email ) > account settings > ( select your added account ) > scroll down to sub heading " sever settings " > exchange server settings under that heading is : domain\user name password exchange server settings the phone does not prompt you for a new password . that would be nice if it did , instead of continually updating you with notifications that it could not connect to the exchange server .
the phone should prompt you for the new password once it gets an error back from exchange . if it does not - you can try removing the account and re-adding it on Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync page .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
that was not working for me neither , but when i tried the superoneclick it worked perfectly and very stable , but you will need to use a pc to do it .
if you have got a galaxy s without a three-button-recovery mode , have you looked into making or buying a download mode jig ? see this post for instructions on making one , or there are a few ebay sellers that stock them pretty cheaply .
this might be a new feature of newer versions of android ( i am using 4.4 ) , but i can easily mass install apps from the Play Store . how to mass-install apps with the play store : open the play store go to my apps go to all keep your finger pressed on an app that has not been installed yet for a second or so . now the play store goes into selection mode , you can simply select all the apps you want and press the " install " button at the top when you re done .
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
i do not know of a way to do this . i recently bought a new phone , and to save myself the tedium of manually installing 40 odd apps , i went to the google play store using a desktop browser . it will already have a list of apps you have installed under my apps , so you can quickly spin through the list and install them - you do not need to wait for each app to install .
you can install titanium backup in your old device and backup all " user installed " apps + data to sd card . in your device , put this sd card and install titanium backup again and restore " user installed " apps + data . though i have not tried this across devices , i had tried this with same device using different rom . i had backed up from a stable rom and whenever i install a new rom i would use the above method to install all my apps with its data . i had already asked this question and it has been answered referring titanium backup .
i do not know of a better solution for now , but i could do it by adding telnetd in the end of the .bashrc file . it is run many times , but the command fails if the address is already in use anyway . this is a quick hack , but it would be nice to have an initialization script run when the app starts .
maybe not exactly what you had in mind , but coming close : there are several clipboard-action apps available which might come close to that . i did not try them , so no guarantees – but their descriptions are promising they can do that . two examples would be : speaklip auto speak clipboard 2 hopefully one of them proves helpful to you . good luck !
you could give this xda-developers app a try : note : this app was developed in the early days of ice cream sandwich ports . at this time none of the ports had native usb mass storage support and this app was meant as a temporary workaround to use ums nevertheless . so this app will not be interesting for you , unless the ics or jb port you use still does not natively support ums . if that is the case , here comes help : the app starts automatically after booting up the device and automatically detects when the device is being connected via usb to a computer . then a notification pops up in the notification bar and by tapping on the notification you will open a gui to enable/disable usb mass storage ; just/almost like the original ums feature . sounds quite good so far -- only your galaxy nexus is not explicitly mentioned on the list of known supported devices . this does not necessarily mean it will not work , but just at the moment it is not known . should be worth a try .
it appears that aokp jb build 4 has : " usb mass storage emulation for certain devices ( i9* ) " i have not used it myself yet .
it may be possible to export a loopbacked image file via usb as ums/msc . you will definitely need : root kernel support : loopback ( /dev/block/loop0 ) and ums ( /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/ ) custom app to enable/disable this or a custom init script to always export the image file here 's an example for an easy hackable app , a little development needed though . . . one needs to change the default block device ( /dev/block/mmcblk0px ) to the loop0 and also losetup the loop0 beforehand , then build . additionally it could be possible to have it mounted on the android device if it is not exported , e.g. at /sdcard/fat here 's a short test on my galaxy nexus ( in recovery mode ) :
this is the tl ; dr version . sorry , usb mass storage is simply impossible with the galaxy nexus . the reason for this is that usb mass storage gives the pc block-level access to the filesystem , and to maintain the integrity of the filesystem , it must be exclusive access . this is why android phones unmount the sd card and apps can not use data on the sd card while the phone is in usb mass storage mode . the galaxy nexus , however , does not have an sd card . it is the phone 's voluminous internal storage that is being accessed . mtp ( see @zuul 's excellent explanation ) gets around this and lets both the phone and pc access the files without the phone having to be locked out . the down sides are that you do not get exclusive block-level access , and operating system support for mtp just is not quite there yet . if this is a feature you simply can not live without , then your best bet is to use a different phone . not coincidentally , this is one of the reasons i got rid of the galaxy nexus and got a droid razr maxx .
short answer : currently you can not make use of your device ( any device that relies on mtp ) to act as an msc , due to the protocol specifications ! elaborating as to clarify , galaxy nexus uses one massive partition for the entire device , its like saying that : system , data and sdcard are all together . mtp was selected for galaxy nexus because it allows the use of this large storage area , that from a system point of view , insures a better communication with files , provides a more secure file system and gives less trouble to maintain . why is not capable to go your way : there are no separated partitions in galaxy nexus , only one large storage area . even emulating a fat32 file system , one would still need to be able to translate between fat32 and ext4 at a low level . this is practically impossible . if the galaxy nexus had a partition , you could have block-level access and thus you could have mass storage access . long boring version : short background the mass storage class ( msc ) , commonly know as usb mass storage ( ums ) , that we are all used to use on or devices , is a protocol that allows a universal serial bus ( usb ) device to become accessible to a host computing device , to enable file transfers between the two . on the golden days , one just needed to plug in the phone , hit " usb mode " and start moving files , editing files , etc . . . media transfer protocol ( mtp ) things have changed a lot , when we talk of the new transfer method that is being used on your device , the media transfer protocol ( mtp ) : 1 introduction see page 15 zip bellow media transfer protocol , or mtp , is a protocol designed for content exchange with and command and control of transient storage devices . it was been developed as an extension to ptp , or picture transfer protocol , and is targeted primarily at digital still cameras , portable media players and cellular phones . while the introduction still leaves margin for doubt , this protocol was developed and implemented with a very specific purpose : to facilitate the transfer of media files and associated metadata between devices : 1.1 purpose see page 15 zip bellow the primary purpose of this protocol is to facilitate communication between media devices that have transient connectivity and significant storage capacity . this includes the exchange of binary objects and the enumeration of the contents of that connected device . file types supported ? at this point we already know that this is for media files and media based devices , but one question that i have seen on the comments remains : can we copy files other then media files ( audio/video ) ? yes we can : 1.3 mtp object model see page 15 zip bellow the term " media " in " media transfer protocol " is used to identify any binary data , and is not restricted to audio/video formats to which it is commonly applied . some examples of non-audio/video objects include contacts , programs , scheduled events and text files . what about " live edit " ? your question specially concerns the usage of your device ( galaxy nexus ) as an external usb storage drive . why it can not be done ? the mtp protocol limits data to a unidirectional operation , also latter explained that the device storage is used by the computer as a local file : 4.2 unidirectional data flow see page 29 zip bellow the data flow in mtp is always unidirectional . when initiating an operation , data flows only from the initiator to the responder . when responding to the requested operation , the data flows only from the responder to the initiator . during the binary data-exchange phase , data may flow from the responder to the initiator or from the initiator to the responder , but never both . bi-directional , binary data exchange must be performed by multiple operations . advantages vs drawbacks advantages the mtp does carry some advantages with it , mainly concerning the security and integrity of the user data : when a usb host computer has mounted an msc partition , it assumes absolute control of the storage , allowing for example , the file system to get corrupted or reformat to an unsupported type . meanwhile , the mtp overcomes this by making the unit of managed storage a local file that can either be written or read . drawbacks the mtp is not treated as a traditional removable drive , so , no recovery tools can be used to save the day . the support is still underway , some operating systems stile require third-party software . mtp standards ( as mentioned earlier ) do not allow for direct modification of objects . instead , modified objects must be reuploaded in their entirety . references : i hope this clarifies as to why mtp is good ( improvement ) , but otoh bad ( user will have to change habits ) . here 's the reading material used to synthesize the answer : usb . org :: media transfer protocol v . 1.1 spec and mtp v . 1.1 adopters agreement . zip with pdf files wikipedia :: media transfer protocol android central :: mtp - what is it , why use it , and how to set it up microsoft :: media transfer protocol enhanced specification microsoft :: media transfer protocol implementation details the above answer is credited to the contents and authors of this reference links .
i would try the first approach , and have the system pronounce the name . to do so , a simple tts app like auto speak clipboard 2 will do : install it , copy her name to the clipboard , send out all cats and your girl ( to avoid their punishment ) , and have that app speak what it thinks the name should sound like . have some valerian ready in case you freak out ; )
i made a tool do help even the most the computer illiterate person recover their files using this method . you will , however need to follow the instructions in the article if you have not set up adb . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=51822116
the galaxy grand neo from my reading does not support usb otg . you could just stream videos onto your phone from your pc / desktop , and there are plenty of apps to do that . there is some great further reading in this question " how can i determine if my device has usb host mode and usb otg support . "
i got this : ) . everything was working normally , but only the system default packages were deleted . i used lg mobile support tool and update it again , which brings the phone default rom to its original state . thanks for the reply .
as saiboogu says jpx is a 2.2 froyo rom , i am pretty sure the last released 2.1 update was jmx . for anyone who is struggling to understand samsung 's build numbers , they seem to use a 3 letter code where the first two letters are the software version ( going up in alphabetical order ) and the third digit refers to a specific customization of that software version , generally network/country specific customizations change the last digit when your operator pre-saves their apn settings , boot logo , and any operator bundled apps directly into the rom .
it is a froyo rom , according to comments i have read around xda . a custom froyo rom based on jpa blog entry detailing the european froyo update rollout , references jpa
tasker can do that ( and a lot more things ) , as long as the app in question supports it ( a list of apps with tasker support can e.g. be found here − never mind the german , if you are just after the list ) . as you have described , it supports " shake gestures " , and if your device has a camera button , you could utilize that as well . " flip gestures " might also come in handy ( flip the device to face down , then face up , etc . ) i know it is a paid app . but to try it out , visit the app 's project site and get a 7-day trial ( remember to export all your configuration and profiles before " day 7" , then you can simply uninstall , re-install , and re-import your settings for another 7 days period − this hint comes from the dev himself , so it is nothing bad ; ) the app needs some time to get warm with it . but once you did , you do not want to miss it anymore : )
so it turns out that there is no other way than to do it manually , and it is not difficult at all : ) get myphoneexplorer ( i am sure you can do it using the phone portal too , but myphoneexplorer is just so convenient : ) go to the contact tab , right click on any contact , click on export/import , export all contacts , and select the csv format check that the csv file is ok opening it in excel for example open gmail , go to the contacts link and click on import , select the csv file and import now return to the phone explorer , and delete all your contacts click on android 's settings - accounts , click on the gmail account and click on synchronize contacts . all your contacts are restored to your phone , but now they are linked in gmail .
why could not you just make another google account ( they are free ) named something like familyname . schedule@gmail . com and use it to sign on ? it would make it easy for the family then share family events with that calendar and keep their own calendar private using the invite function built into calendar .
as noted in the answers to the questions you linked to it is not possible to just sign out of the gmail application and not other google services . in order to achieve the functionality you want though have you considered using an application lock such as app lock ? with this you can require a pin to open the gmail app . whilst it does not turn off email access it will prevent the whole family from being able to access your mail . n.b. if you have kids using it as well then it might be worth requiring a pin in order to purchase anything on the play store , this might prevent some nasty surprises appearing on your credit card bill . you can see how to do this here .
go to Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Gmail &gt; Disable .
you should be able to pair the devices via bluetooth , the go to your old phone 's contact list and either go through the menus to find a Select all option , or go through your contacts one by one and select Send ( or Share ) -> Bluetooth -> &lt;your new phone&gt; . they will appear on your new phone as vcards and you can save them , but i think you have to do this one by one on the new phone ( i might be wrong , i have no experience with htc phones ) .
if you have a pc cable for your sgh e250 you could try mobile master management software for feature phones . it has a 30 day full working trial ( download at http://www.mobile-master.com/samsung/sgh_e250.html ) . mm supports many different phone models and allows to export contacts to . vcard or . csv format . samsung also offers sync software but i found that newer versions often have problems with discontinued phone models . you might give it a try if mm does not work for you . a ) you then can import that . vcard into gmail.com's contact application . your htc wildfire will then sync them once you registered the phone with your gmail account b ) you can also push the . vcard to your htc and import it from there . you will be promted to import when you try to open the vcard . all recent android models allow that . last resort : if all that is not possible ( i had to do that already once ) , you are maybe best off by using gmail 's web frontend to manually input your contacts one by one instead of doing it on the phone . in case you have an old sony ericsson model that supports the old sim format of your sgh e250: these usually allow to export phone contacts to vcard format onto the memory stick . you could then just go ahead with a ) or b ) .
i have thought about this as well for my senior parents . there are really only two options : replace the stock launcher with something like big launcher ( $10 ) or large launcher senior ( free ) . the downside to these is that they feel more childish , and some older tech-savvy users might not appreciate that . increase the font size that android displays text in . some versions of android already have an option under Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Large Text ( sidenote : magnification gestures may also be helpful to some senior users who can remember them ) . additionally , big font ( free ) offers more granular control over font sizes . pair that with a third-party launcher , like apex and holo launcher which allow you to change the icon sizes on both the home screen ( s ) and the app drawer . another nice thing is that you can hide apps with these launchers too , so you could hide apps that might not be helpful for the user to see every time they search the drawer .
when my mother first switched to a smart phone i made her a customized launcher with lightning launcher . its free and has tons of customizations . downfall is that it might take a bit to learn all the features but once you learn its really incredible . you can change icon size , text size , icon rotation , and even set it up with massive fonts so putting on glasses to use the phone is not always required
to answer your original question : yes , almost all popular android phones have community mods ( cyanogenmod , samdroid , etc ) and many of them are writing drivers for froyo for many popular phones . community mods are often able to release drivers and updates much faster than operators can since they are unbriddled by the red tapes and the internal politics of official releases . most community mods are rooted , although some may release unrooted version as well .
looking at your profile it looks like you are based in the uk ? if so you should have no problem running the samsung 's european jpo release of the galaxy s froyo software that went out to unbranded uk galaxy s 's a few weeks ago . as this is an official samsung release there is no need to root to apply it , you just need to trick samsung 's software into installing it for you . to start with i will make the assumption that you have no problems running the kies software , that it recognizes your phone when you plug it in , and that you get a " you are already running the latest release " message when you click the firmware upgrade link . ( this is a big set of assumptions given the quality of kies , if any of these are not true , then you need to get kies working properly before going further ) . this post on vodafone uk 's galaxy s forums lays out the steps samsung galaxy s - froyo update ( android 2.2 ) ( reply 113 ) . i will summarise them below as vodafone are about to upgrade their forums to new software , so i have no idea if the post will survive , or the link will still work in a week or two 's time , credit to " ado28" for these instructions . first of all you need to go into regedit and do some minor alterations to the registry . do not update kies ! if you do then i think this tweak won’t work ! the kies version i used was 1.5.0.10024_74 but i fooled it into thinking it was the latest version step by step guide back up everything you wish to keep , including apps , phone numbers , text messages etc because we are going to wipe your phone clean before we start ! go to settings – privacy – factory data reset and click . follow the prompts and then let it wipe your phone . now you have a bare naked phone again and can proceed onto the next step . open up kies and leave running connect phone open regedit by clicking on start – run – then type in regedit and press enter scroll down to kies and look for “Localver” see pic change your localver code to 1.5.3.10103.100 now go to your device db folder and change your settings to these : " SoftwareRevision"="I9000XXJF3/I9000OXAJF3/I9000XXJF3/I9000XXJF3" " ProductCode"="GT-I9000HKDXEU" " HIDSWVER"="I9000XXJF3/I9000OXAJF3/I9000XXJF3/I9000XXJF3" " DEVCONINFO"="" delete the writing in this box and leave blank . now go back into kies and click " update firmware " this will now allow everyone who has jpa on their handset with the product code xee to be replaced with jpo and the product code xeu which is for the uk . once you have successfully updated then allow the phone to boot up . once booted up you will now need to go back into your settings and change your product code to xeu . to do this open your keypad and type in *#272*YOUR IMEI# and now you will be back to having a lovely wee choice of product codes to enter . choose XEU and install . the phone will reboot and you will now officially be on jpo with the correct product code xeu ! please note that by doing any update on your phone could cause it to brick itself . the guide i have written worked perfect for me however i can’t be held responsible if your phone bricks itself . to be safe always try the 3 button recovery method first before you update and also doing a factory reset first usually ensures a smooth installation of new firmware . extra note on kies : as stated above , this does not work with the latest version of kies . if you need an older version of kies then this version should allow you to do this ( according to xda ) : kies version 1.5.3.10093_82 . if you do end up uninstalling and reinstalling kies and find that it does not detect your phone any more , then first thing to try is clicking the menu icon in the top-left corner of kies and selecting the " install drivers " option .
kies did not play nicely but i did find this tutorial from goots at samsung galaxy s forums . i am now running froyo .
take a look at the app tasker . also the free app llama may also be able to do this . tasker and llama automate tasks on your phone . so you can have them say if this condition ( car charger plugged in ) then do something ( activate svoice ) .
reason is your client saves them at that time , and does not ask the " server " ( your android device ) for the original time stamps . you could try using a ssh server on your android device . droidsshd would be a good choice , for example . to copy your files then you need to start this ssh server first on your phone , which usually tells you the ip and port used . now you can use any ssh client on your ubuntu workstation , or from the shell , use the scp command : scp -p -p 2222 192.168.1.15:/sdcard/dcim/*.jpg . would be an example : -p: preserves modification times , access times , and modes from the original file -P 2222: use port 2222 ( that is what droidsshd uses by default ) 192.168.1.15: ip of your device ( replace this with what the ssh server shows ) /sdcard/DCIM/*.jpg: all jpeg files from your camera folder on the sd-card ( check for the correct path ) .: copy files to the current working directory there might be graphical solutions available as well -- but i mostly work from the command line , so i cannot give you examples for those .
quite possibly , the contacts folder has been officially deprecated . it exists for vista compatibility where it was introduced for the first time . i have not yet tested the 3.0 sync app . i am still using 2 . x and sync with outlook .
after some troubled tries i could save ( not sync ) all my contacts . first try was to remove all contacts again and sync with mac address book ( which is also synced with google ) using kies ( samsung ) ; it always crashed when around 80% sync task was performed . then i remove all contacts again , created a vcf file containing all address book data , copied it to the phone and finally imported data from file . just to check sync with google i added a test contact to address book , synced to google and then synced from the phone . the contact was added despite ' sync is currently experiencing problems . . . ' was displayed again .
i actually had the exact same issue when trying to set up users on a no brand tablet . my tablet was rooted out of the box , so i installed xposed and then the module multiple users for phone . even though the title says it is for phones , it works flawlessly on my tablet . it adds the option Users to your settings page . info about xposed from the installer page : xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . that is great because it means that modules can work for different versions and even roms without any changes ( as long as the original code was not changed too much ) . it is also easy to undo . as all changes are done in the memory , you just need to deactivate the module and reboot to get your original system back . there are many other advantages , but here is just one more : multiple modules can do changes to the same part of the system or app . with modified apks , you to decide for one . no way to combine them , unless the author builds multiple apks with different combinations . if you want clearer instructions on how to install , comment and i will edit the question . i can not link to all the links because i do not have 10 reputation ( yet ) .
when you flash Gapps.zip ( or really any zip in recovery mode ) , the applications in it are usually written to the /system partition on the device . the difficulty is that the system partition is only mounted as ' writable ' when installing the gapps zip . after that , it is mounted as ' read-only ' , making it impossible to delete things on it . you basically have two options for deleting unwanted system applications : start over : reflash your rom , then flash a modified version of the gapps zip that has only the apks you require . you can remove apps from the gapps zip simply by unzipping it , deleting the apks you do not want , then zipping it up again . acquire root access , and remount the system partition as writable . you will need the android command line tools installed to do this , but it sounds like you already have . to mount the system partition as writable , do the following : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system  note : /system is only writable until the device is rebooted . you then need to delete the unwanted apks from /system/app . reboot , and you should see the offending apps gone from your launcher . please bear in mind , however , that some google apps depend on each other , and may not work properly if you delete those that they depend on . i think you will generally be ok if you only delete ' named ' applications ( e . g . hangouts . apk ) . others such as googlehome . apk are required by others .
easiest way to do it is with Titanium Backup application .
ftp client lan samba client cloud storage connects over 3g 4g edge or wi-fi https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop
with the stock rom , you will not be able to do anything . consider switching to a custom rom like cyanogenmod . or , if you like the stock samsung experience , you can find several stock based roms on xda which gives you this feature
have you tried using this update tool ? it should do the work if it can connect .
there is currently no way to do this . where did you get the . dz file from ? you would have to ask the prividor to provide a . kdz file as well as the . dz file so you can flash with the kdz updater program .
solved while investigating to write a better question . apparently when the company migrated from some exchange version to another , something was set on the folders attributes that made android email application ignore it . renaming the folder did not solve . also comparing the attributes that are visible to the user between a folder that sync and one that does not sync reveals nothing . solution is to create a new folder , move the emails and updates the rules , and finally delete the old one .
i think the problem could be the default " unconfined domain " the binary gets executed when no policy is specified . an attempt i would try would be to move the sshelper_sshd ( i think it is the sshd server ? ) somewhere on the /system partition ( /system/sbin/ ? ) i think the best and updated document to read to deal with selinux implementation on android ( seandroid ) is how-to su . here an extract from chapter 5.4.4 . android 4.4.3 a good example of the unconfined domain not being all-mighty , is executing files from /data . starting android 4.4.3 , this will no longer be possible from the unconfined domain ( see #74082 and #78801 ) . the established practise of including binaries and scripts in your apk , extracting them to /data/data/ [ package ] /files/ or placing them in /data/data/ [ package ] /lib/ and executing them from there through a su call will no longer work out-of-the-box . while there are other work-arounds possible ( like copying to and executing from rootfs ) , one solution is switching contexts to a context not in the unconfined domain ( like u:r:untrusted_app:s0 , the context the rest of your app is likely to run as ) . you will need to do extensive testing to see if all the calls you want to make still run in the context you choose , though , and you may have to try some different ones to get the capabilities you want . note that executing files in /data will still work as expected from your app if you are not trying to run it as root .
all arm chips are currently 32-bit . because of this , android currently executes all code in a 32-bit environment . 64-bit processors set to launch in 2014 .
is android a 32- or 64- bit os ? i assume that it is one or another and not both , as that would force both 32- and 64-bit binaries to be hosted on google play . neither actually . android is a dalvik vm-based os , and google play hosts dalvik applications . dalvik vm itself , like java vm , is always 32-bit regardless of the bitness of the physical machine . as you suspected , applications that ships with native binaries and ndk applications must ship with binaries compiled for every architectures it is intended to run at . the most common architecture that android runs on is arm 32-bit ; however there are also devices that runs on x86 and mips .
in the realm of the arm chipsets which is the common factor , the entire android stack , from the near-identical kernel based on linux , are in fact , 32bit , cross-compiled from usually either a 32bit/64bit host environment , the host environment is usually one of the distributions of linux . recommended distribution , by google , for building and cross-compiling android is ubuntu . the android run-time library ( media , graphics , filesystem , to name but a few ) are also 32bit , but as we reach the layer of the dalvikvm , then the number of bits becomes irrelevant as it is at this point , the apks coming from the google play store are native bytecode ( a " by-product " of generated java code compiled into a portable bytecode ) which targets the dalvikvm ( virtual machine ) which in turn interprets and translates the bytecode targetting the raw arm instruction set . froyo was the last android that enabled compilation under a 32bit hosted environment in which it was cross-compiled targetting the arm chipset . gingerbread was the first of " future " android , back then circa , three years ago , that introduced a requirement to use a 64bit hosted environment in which it was built . there was many hacks to get gingerbread to be built under 32bit hosted environment . ics and jb , and upwards now definitely requires a 64bit environment to speed up compilation and to reduce turn-around time in building . so to sum up , what you see on the play store has no bearing on whether 32bit or 64bit are used and thus irrelevant . side note : typical 16gb ram/quad core/64bit linux distribution , the time it takes to build ics from scratch , takes 30minutes maximum , had this being a 32bit linux distribution , it would have taken longer , in fact , may cause a cpu meltdown as there is simply , not enough processing power to churn and crank out cross-compiled code , which is a very demanding and taxing process ! proof of this . pull in any native arm binary found in /system/bin or /system/xbin , for example , /system/bin/dalvikvm , this is the dalvik vm binary that is responsible for the upper layers of java and apks . now , examine the binary by issuing this command : file dalvikvm which gives a summary of the type of file it is , the expected output would be this : dalvikvm : elf 32-bit lsb executable , arm , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked ( uses shared libs ) , stripped notice the reference to 32-bit elf , and is cross-compiled to arm and is a binary executable . right , moving on , let 's inspect a native shared library found in /system/lib , for example , /system/lib/libandroid_runtime.so , now issue file libandroid_runtime.so , the expected output would be this : libandroid_runtime . so : elf 32-bit lsb shared object , arm , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked , stripped again , notice , its 32-bit elf , cross-compiled to arm and is a shared library . the key to the host 's cross-compilation can be found in the aosp source , i.e. , gingerbread build originally had a requirement to be built on a 64bit host system , here 's the newsgroup linky referring to how to patch the scripts to get it to build on 32bit host which has two patches , found here , for build/core.mk and build/main.mk ( combined ) on aosp 's gerrit review . as a subsequent result , this patch had made its way to ics 's build scripts in which i did have the privilege of compiling ics on a 32bit platform which took 3 days to build ( it was a port of ics for the zte blade ) . now , the requirements are ramped up , you do definitely need 64bit host to enable cross-compilation of building aosp from ics upwards : )
i just noticed that my fb contacts were no longer in my motorola droid razr maxx , and not joined to the original " phone number only " contact listings for many friends . i followed the steps listed in the top answer , and even though the ui on my phone says the fb sync is off , tapping " people > bottom-left menu button > accounts > facebook " , and then tapping the " contacts ( touch to sync now : sync is off ) " did successfully sync my fb contacts . i then had to go to my contact list , find the original people contact , tap the contact > tap bottom-left menu button > tap edit > tap bottom-left menu button > tap join -- then find the fb contact , complete and save the join . all is now good droid razr maxx android version : 4.1.2
that feature was removed in the 4 . x versions of android . i use ubersync for my contact syncing and it works great . have not had any problems with it and it also has a setting to import high res contact photos . i would recommend that . set it up once and forget about it .
you may need to ' upgrade ' the driver to the adb version . open device manager , find your phone and right click it . select " update driver software " . on the window that appears choose the " let me pick " option . you should then see a couple of different drivers , select the one that includes " adb " and click ok through any further windows . ( remember which one was selected before so you can repeat this to return to the ' normal ' driver ) you should then be able to run the adb backup .
go into the app info by going into settings applications and finding your ted app or dragging it from the launcher to the app info button . disable and re-enable notifications with the " show notification " button .
i would actually recommend upgrading past donut , since there is a great custom rom community for the g1 . for example , this looks like the best froyo rom for the g1 , but you can look around xda 's android development forum ( specifically the rom bible thread ) if you want to find out more first .
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
the share menu simply lists apps that have an appropriate intent filter for the share action with the type of data being shared . so the only way to get a new item on the share menu is to install an app that does the thing you want . if one does not already exist , it is not that hard to create one following the official documentation , but since this is not a programming forum , we can not help you any further .
i to am using my phone as a 3g modem and sometimes this happens when i messed up some settings in the phone . i just clear the Settings data on my phone and it returns to normal . open Settings app go to Apps go to ALL tab find the Settings app open it and Clear Data try tethering again this usually fixes the wifi dropping while tethering issue on my xperia play if your internet keeps timing out while you are connected then it might be also a network issue , or your phone automatically disconnecting from the network due to inactivity . if you frequently take a break using the internet but like to keep the connection alive then i would recommend using a pinger
according to their bug tracker , webrtc is currently broken on firefox android . you can get audio or video , but not both , and attempting to get both results in your getting neither . as for chrome android , it is only in the beta ( m25 and later ) and is disabled by default . to enable it , type chrome://flags into the url bar , then scroll down and find the " enable webrtc " checkbox and check it . it'll then prompt you to restart the browser . note that webrtc in chrome is really beta , not " google beta " and has some issues , such as ; audio sounds choppy and warbled especially on devices where the cpu is heavily loaded acoustic echo cancellation on mobile platforms is not working well chroma components received from the galaxy s3 camera drivers are swapped ( colors look inverted ) dtls via openssl on android fails and needs to be disabled general stability and complexity issues another note , neither of these browsers quite follows the standard , so the people who are writing the sites need to be adapting for the browsers eccentricities and if they are not being throughout , it will work on one browser , but not the other .
not sure , but maybe tomdroid . not sure about 3 . or maybe soon if you ask for it on their site ?
i am using springpad which meets all of your requirements apart from 4 . but you can long press and select edit which sort of works like you want it to .
other than being redundant and using more resources ( you would have two separate services running in the background all the time ) , you should not have any problems running both at the same time like any other application . i would see it as not much different than running locale and tasker at the same time . they might do very similar things , but they are not exactly the same .
i did an adb install -r [ apk ] thanks to the comment by @eldarerathis and i got an install_failed_container_error as the reason for installation failure . . . further searching got me to this link http://eatingbits.se/articles/2010/11/16/install_failed_container_error-when-installing-an-application-on-android/ the solution being a temp file inside . android_secure folder not getting removed . so once i deleted the file app installed properly . thanks everyone for helping out ! !
go to apps> settings> applications , there look for unknown sources that is first option . make sure it is ticked .
actually galaxy y default player does not support much formats . check which format it is . then try downloading the player which supports the format . for eg : if it is 3gp format videos you will need 3gp player .
do you have superuser ? if so , make sure it is giving the app superuser privileges . i use this one : system app remover pro 3.0.1035 package : com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro version ( code ) : 3.0.1035 ( 223 ) size : 669.9 kb ( 685930 bytes ) installed on sd : false installed : feb 13 , 2014 6:58:09 pm updated : feb 13 , 2014 6:58:31 pm flags : 572996 sourcedir : /data/app/com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro-2 . apk publicdir : /data/app/com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro-2 . apk requires : android . permission . access_network_state , android . permission . internet , android . permission . read_phone_state , android . permission . access_wifi_state , android . permission . write_external_storage , android . permission . read_external_storage , com . android . launcher . permission . install_shortcut
it is not that easy to remove those apps . i would suggest installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod ( that is what i did myself ) . you might have some problems with apps that do not work under that custom rom and there is no way back . . . i assume that you want to use google play store therefore the " google apps " come by default included in this proprietary package . i have found a script for doing what you want to do , it did not work for myself and i ended up using a custom rom try http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2307355 it is a script which you can modify , you need a rooted device and cwm or twrp
you were assuming state → hardware → media button coming close to your wishes – but no : that event triggers when one of the media buttons is pressed , as the name suggests , not when a video/media is played . when looking for a fitting tasker trigger , the only thing coming close to it is checking the %MTRACK variable , but that only works for some audio players . to extend that , you can use some tasker addons as e.g. wave control or media utilities – but again , according to their descriptions they seem to work for audio only . i am not aware of any possibility to achieve this with tasker ; but feel free to check out my collection of tasker resources , maybe one of the many tutorials mentions anything i overlooked , or one of the addons got updated in this regard .
there is not a single app or script that runs for all videos . some video support is built into the android framework , and each app also have its own logic for playing videos .
since you are talking about tasker , have you seen this comment from their google play page : tasker integration : add a locale variable to your layout and set the variable name ( click it ) in tasker select plugins -> minimalistic text for an action click " edit " , a new activity starts enter the name of the variable and the text that should be displayed for this variable ( you can use tasker variables ) everything else is customizable . add a new row , and use the + button to select and add new elements by checking them .
after you create a widget , you will be able to customize its settings as you see in the flow below . in the 3rd image , the layout section is the 3rd tab ( or whatever it is called ) .
nope . no other 3rd party app will be able to access your data in the memo . applications on your phone are sandboxed meaning they can not access other apps data . check this : &gt; The Android Application Sandbox, which isolates your app data and code &gt; execution from other apps. 
you can create an encrypted zip file of that video and set it to automatically unzip and play the video upon entering the correct password . zip4j is an open-source java library that supports encrypting/decrypting zip files , since default android java libraries do not have it . this is more of a workaround because it will not directly encrypt the video , but create an encrypted folder from which the video may be extracted .
what about an app like android video protector ? it is advertised as being exactly what you are looking for : how to protect video files on android platform ? android video protector solution contains two software , there are android video protector and ppvm video player . android video protector is a video encryption software running on microsoft windows operating system , it uses a password to encrypt the video you hope to protect , and supports 4 types encryption modes : device binding , one device , one password non device binding , all device , one device id , one password non device binding , all device , one password encrypt video only how to playback the encryption video on android platform ? because the video is encrypted , the general video player can not playback this video , ppvm video player is the player running on android platform and supports playback the encryption video . it firstly check the playback password , which can be generate using android video protector , after complete the password authentication , it will playback the encryption video . i have no idea if these programs are reputable or if they work . the android app is a direct download from their website ( not the google play store ) - proceed with caution at your own risk .
encrypting a video , this sounds fascinating . i would like to share an approach that i think can be used here : get the byte-array of the video in your test project . copy this ( byte-array ) into your target-project as a variable now your target-project has the video , in form of a byte-array . to add password , convert the password-string to a byte array . now to save the password in the video , add step-4 byte array to the top of step-3 byte array . now your video is encrypted ! any other player trying to play this file will throw an error . however we are not concerned with the file thing . actually we have no video file , we just have a static variable that was created in step-3 and modified in step-5 to play this byte-array variable , first we will need to extract the password from it . we always use a buffer to read such type of files . a buffer is basically a byte array of any required size . let we want to choose a buffer [ 128 ] . this makes our step-5 varible look like a set of 128-sized byte arrays , like : [ 0100101011010 . . . . ] , [ 01010100010110 . . ] , [ 001010101010110 . . . . ] . . . . . so the first buffer created while reading step-5 variable . contains the password ! . but where ? . its some thing like : [ xxxxxx ] + [ 010101011 . . . . . 128 ] where [ xxxxxx ] is the password we set in step-5 and the other part is actually the part of the video . we now have to filter our password from this buffer , not an easy task ! so we will go for another approach here ! we will make our password ( step-5 ) take the entire size of the buffer ( here 128 ) . which means , the first 128 positions of the step 5 variable will entirely be used to recognize the password ! so now the first buffer will look like : [ xxxxxxxxxxxxx . . . . xxx ] ( only password ) to do this , the step-5 will convert the password string into byte array and if it is less than buffer size ( 128 here ) , the it will append dummy values to it so that its size becomes equal to 128 . in step-11 we have created an encrypted password ! so finally , when the video is to be played , we will get step-5 variable that was modified as per step-11 . ask for the user password . convert this password to a byte-arr and append values to it to make it 128 in size ( similar to what we did in step 11 ) now we will compare the first buffer-sized ( 128 ) part of step-13 variable , compare it to step-15 input-password-byte array . if they do not match , show a dialog box with the appropriate message . or if it matches , remove the first buffer sized part . rest contains the video that is to be played . wow ! cheers !
from google support : if you are using a nexus 7 and touching its back to another device , make sure the other device is near the " u " in " nexus " to successfully beam content . " beam " in this quote is referring to android beam , android 's name for nfc content transfer .
looking at a teardown of the new nexus 7 , it looks to be near the center again ( here you can see in the photo the nfc is under the inductive charging ) . ifixit did a pretty good teardown of it here which may give you more detail .
this is a new feature as of android 4.2 . it serves two purposes : to focus your camera on what you click on long press it and you get a radial menu of different camera settings to change ( flash on/off , etc ) . this is the exact same behavior as if you clicked the icon in the top right corner of your screenshot .
miui has a built-in call/message filter , perhaps confusingly called firewall , since there is also an actual internet firewall within the , also confusingly called , monitor application ( a comprehensive call and traffic logger ) . works great though . to password protect it just use the guard application , also within miui .
i finally found out where . after trying various " gapps " packages , none of which worked and some of which destroyed the system , i finally found this page : http://www.cesgeekbook.com/2011/12/install-android-market-pandigital.html that provided some " gapp " apk 's and listed in what order they needed to be flashed . no rooting needed , and was a very simple process . also gave me full google android market access . hope that helps somebody as much as it helped me .
it sounds like your table has not been provisioned with " core " google apps . installing them separately from 3rd-party websites will not resolve this issue , since you will need other " system " apks as well . without an exact make and model of your tablet it is impossible to recommend anything . knowing those , you might be able to find a " gapps " package built for it . you will need a custom recovery image , and very likely a custom rom installed first before you can attempt to flash gapps . i would start with android development sites like xda-developers and rootzwiki , and then searching on google may bring more results .
if you need to install gmail , you can snag the apk by pointing your android 's browser to droidload and downloading it from there . you should be able to either launch it directly or save it to your sd card and then launch it via navigating to it in a file browser and clicking on it . there are more detailed instructions on droidload if you problems . you should probably also install gtalk , as if i am remembering correctly quite a few other apps rely on it is transport layer for various things .
this is not an exact answer , but it can simplify what you want to do . . almost all qr code readers provide result sharing options . use this feature after installing phone 2 chrome or 2cloud . you can also copy results in clipboard and get clipboard data on pc using airdroid ( it does not require internet connection ; it works over internal wi-fi network ) .
just use google usb driver in sdk/extra/google/usb_driver/android_winusb . inf you must add three lines in the file then update the mk808b driver select from disk , use this file sdk/extra/google/usb_driver/android_winusb . inf then select first option is work fine for me .
in ubuntu i was able to connect mk808b ! ! ! by adding udev rule like offered here and adding device id to adb_usb.ini if there would be no windows 7 solutions then i will mark my answer as responded
there is also notification plus . it is made for phones that do not have a notification led to inform the owner of pending ( unnoticed ) events . from the play store description : notification plus delivers recurring notifications via the phone 's vibrator or notification ringtone . this is especially useful for phones which lack a notification led , such as the nexus s and galaxy s variants . because there is no way for the application to receive all notifications in a uniform way , only certain events will trigger the recurring notification . those events include : - sms messages - gmail messages - missed calls this application is free software , licensed under the gnu gpl v3 . the source code can be found on the project home page : http://code.google.com/p/notification-plus/
you can try missedremainder . its free hate missing txt messages ? this will keep notifying of new unread text messages do you hate it when you are away from your phone or in a loud place and miss a text message ? this app will keep notifying you when you have a new unread text message so you do not miss it . it is customizable to notify as often or as long as you want . the default settings will notify you every 5 minutes .
go to task manager icon from round lighted main icon at bottom center of phone . once task manger is running , click on auto end list and remove your connect music app or any other app that plays music . thats it . also notice before you do the operatino above that musics would stops playing after about 2 minutes . because that is the default setting for the auto end list in the task manager app .
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
have you tried cloudaround yet ? it is a music app that lets you listen to everything on your device as well as sync/stream from a few cloud storage providers . this includes offline music you saved from amazon mp3 . the app scans your device for all music files and gives you a handy list of everything available . once you login with the various cloud services , your music stored will show up too .
how long are you waiting ? sometimes it can take a really long time to load . what you will probably have to end up doing : turn off your phone , then start up in safe mode by pressing and holding the big black dpad key plus the power button . keep pressing them until you see " safe mode " on the screen . uninstall any apps you have installed since your last restart . if you are rooted , do a nandroid backup first .
connect to kies in this mode as shown in your photograph . follow instructions for emergency firmware recovery . it worked for me .
the below assumes you have the gt-i9000 ( international galaxy s ) . go to this xda thread and download the newest 2.2 firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
i learnt from here ( in the question , not the answer ) that if one sets a custom resolution in pixels rather than selecting from the built-in ones , then the emulator does not display the skin with the emulator controls . below is the configuration i therefore set to solve my problem , at the same time not creating new problems : i just estimated the dimensions in pixels of a wqvga size instrument and set that as my custom resolution .
here is a relatively simple description of the desired process : download your contacts from google by following the simple instructions here open your e-mail program and start a new e-mail message . enter the cell phone number in the to: box using the format number@teleflip.com, where " number " is the phone number of the cell phone to which you are sending the message . for example , to send a text message to cell phone 123-456-7890 , enter 1234567890@teleflip.com.(in this case you want to enter your own cell number ) please see source for more information type a message of up to 160 characters in the message box and then click  send ( in this case , attempt to attach the contacts file that you exported from your google account instead of a message ! ) . congratulations ! your message will shortly appear on the cell phone . hope this helps ! good luck
the option you are citing is the very same . whether it says " about phone " or " about device " is usually dependent of whether it is a phone or a tablet . obviously samsung " thinks big " . to your main issue : you might be able to use a bluetooth device scanner on your pc to give you details on " devices in reach " . details should at least give you clues , so e.g. " edr " is not available before bt 2.0 , ssp was added with 2.1 , etc . ( see wikipedia on bluetooth ) . on the other hand , checking the s3 specs at gsmarena . com ( first address when looking for device specs ) shows : bluetooth : yes , v4.0 with a2dp , edr which should answer your question .
google your device model and where it says all the specs like ram and camera pixels and it should say bluetooth version . if that does not work then google bluetooth versions and look at the dates to see what version it would have .
the vibration you are referring to it is called " haptic feedback " , and can be disabled for certain ui interactions . this may or may not work for you : touch " home" ; touch " menu" ; touch " settings" ; touch " sound" ; scroll your way to " haptic feedback" ; disable it by touching to remove the green tick . try and see if it provides the desired effect . take not that this option does not affect all ui interactions , as mentioned under that option .
there is no official google talk voice/video chat for android phones . you can use google talk in android 2.3.4+ to make video chats now . additionally , any calls made via google voice are done via cell tower ( using your minutes ) , not data .
sorry to bump an old question , but you can now make both audio and video calls from android with google talk if you have 2.3.4 ( gingerbread ) or higher . 1
just announced : google play music now lets you specify where your music is stored a new google play music update is rolling out now , and it brings with it a number of small but significant new features — one of which is the ability to specify where your downloaded music is stored . you cannot choose a certain folder , but you can choose between internal storage and an sd card , which lets you free up space on your device itself . this option won’t appear on devices without sd card support . . .
as far as i know there is not a trivial way to do this . some more info here : http://www.reddit.com/r/androidquestions/comments/1dfg9u/moving_google_music_files_to_sd_card/ http://www.reddit.com/r/androidquestions/comments/1h1u2v/google_music_to_sd/
try to install xperia ray patch from http://www.androidizer.com/update-sony-xperia-ray-to-jelly-bean-4-1-2-latest-rom-version-8-0/ after doing it , flash boot . img . i recomend this nightly cyanogenmod 11 for xperia ray : http://legacyxperia.basketbuild.com/index.php?dir=main/urushi/cm-11.0/nightlies/
the reason for the error is , you have downloaded the wrong package . the downloaded package is not compatible for ray . to download the original package and detailed installation tutorial , read my article given below : how to install kitkat 4.4.2 on sony xperia ray hope this helps .
the question you linked to has the information you need to access the modem . you might also find this so answer helpful for accessing the modem . be warned that the device file you need to use is different for each model of phone , so you will have to examine /dev on each device to find out which file to use . as it points out , you need to be root to do this . the rooting process is different for each model of phone . for most models , you have to wipe the phone to achieve it , as the process involves unlocking the bootloader ( and maybe flashing a custom recovery ) in order to flash the su binary into the system image . some models have security vulnerabilities you can exploit with a program you download , to achieve this without unlocking the bootloader . how do i root my android device ? explains more about the process , and has an index of questions about rooting particular devices .
by request from ' dan hulme ' who replied to my question , i got the message to pop up again and managed to get the app-info . it turns out to be an app connected to the facebook app called ' sns ' . i simply removed the tick from the " show notifications " option . the message no longer pops up . it can otherwise be found on " settings -> more -> application manager " shuffle so you see the " all " list , then scroll down til you find the sns application .
any program that needs adobe air will have a check in it is code when it first runs to see if adobe air is installed . therefore if you uninstall adobe air then open an app that needs it , it will notify you to download it . so uninstalling adobe air is fine .
i do not think there is a good way to do this - the issue is not that the private number is being hidden by your phone , it is that the phone company is not transmitting the caller id info to you at all . so there should not be any way for you to get that data working strictly from your phone . unless you know people who regularly block caller id data , but do not leave messages , i would just assume it is spam callers and ignore them .
there is no way to get the number . private numbers are not sent by the network provider therefore your phone has no information about the caller .
try btmono , maybe it helps .
the transfer speed majorly depends on the ' class ' of your sd card . micro-sd-cards-smartphones-speed-class-explained edit : i googled about this issue and it appears that the slow transfer speeds is due to the cache size for reading from sd card . it is set to 128 kb in most cases . you can check it by running the following command . adb shell cat /sys/devices/virtual/bdi/179:0/read_ahead_kb  to change this value you must have root access . also the changes will be reset on reboot . developers at xda have made scripts to make this change persist , check this link for a detailed explanation .
there is no such thing as normal usb transfer speed . it depends on several factors including but not limited to : class of the sdcard usb speed ( 1.1 vs 2.0 ) performance and load of the the computer out of these three the one with the most influence is the class of the sdcard . the class describes the minimum write speed of the card in mb/s . for example a class 10 card has a minimum writing speed of 10mb/s . based on this your sdcard is most likely a class 2 . if you can not locate your sdcard class , there is a free tool ( only for windows users ) that gives you the transfer rate of your sdcard : h2testw 1.4 after you have finished verifying your unit you will be able to see the exact time it took for the operation to complete , the number of megabytes tested , and , of course , the writing / reading speed . as a side note : the cache that abdul mentions has nothing to do with this . that is for reading and only applies if the card is mounted in the phone .
sounds like you need to clean up your internal memory first before you can do anything . there is three ways i can suggest to free some up : clean out your app caches to free up space ( browsers and maps are usually the worst offenders ) : you can use an app like sd maid ( it is tiny , you should be able to install it ) or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) . uninstall some apps , then reinstall them after you have moved other apps to the sd card . root your phone and uninstall bloatware / system apps you do not use with an app like titanium backup ( make sure you back up the apps first in case you need them later ) . note : this will keep your phone from being able to install carrier android updates in the future . android is usually pretty good about auto-installing apps to non-system storage when possible . does your version have an option to prefer installing to sd set ?
i do not know if you can change that but you can always install the same keyboard that you had in nexus s . search market for gingerbread keyboard and/or ice cream sandwich keyboard . those keyboard are the keyboard that ships with android . samsung like htc modifies/creates keyboard that differs from stock keyboard . samsung keyboard is very much similar to ios . but unlike iphone style , you can always change keyboard in android os .
this happened to me and i had to boot into the recovery menu and clear the system install cache .
if you have uninstalled any of the stock apps , including any of the bloatware , the ota update will not work as it also updates those apps . i know of quite a few people that have been bitten by this . if you do not want certain stock apps running , you are better off freezing them with titanium backup than removing them .
are you running the stock rom , only rooted ? if so , you have a few options . ruu to the latest ota and reroot . available here . ( requires unrevoked 3.22 ) install a pre-rooted rom . available here . if you are running a different rom , you should be able to do a build . prop edit to keep from seeing ota notifications ( and burning your battery , redownloading the ota constantly , etc . ) . this post describes what needs modified . finally , you can flash a rom based on the latest ota .
i have found two different strategies work for this root the phone and install cyanogenmod . this has a setting under tablet enhancements that allows you to disable the lock screen , this negating the pin code entry install an email app from the market that is compatible with exchange , such as moxier mail . this still respects the security/pin code stuff for exchange , but only when launching that app , not unlocking the phone .
i too feel the same way that a remote wipe of the whole phone is way too much power to be handed over , especially in the case of our personal phones . unfortunately i do not think there is anything you can do about the built-in email app . i have a nexus s , and i decided to try touchdown because it does not allow a remote exchange administrator to wipe the phone , but rather only wipe the data associated with the exchange account ( i.e. . , your work emails and appointments ) . ( there is a box you can check for " enable wipe sd card " if you really want to grant them this power . there is also a feature where you can create a one-time code to self-destruct your own phone with an email , but neither of these things interest me . ) for exchange email and calendar appointments , i found that touchdown was able to connect via " activesync " without too much trouble , and it supports push email . the interface is not as smooth or simple ( or good-looking ) as the built-in app , but it seems like a small price to pay to know that my phone will not be wiped all of the sudden for any number of bad reasons . also the 30-day trial is fully functional ( except you can not change email sig , which mentions the app of course ) , and for $20 you can upgrade to the normal version ( which lets you change the email sig ) . hope this helps !
there is a lockpick app that will enter a pin automatically every time you turn on the phone 's screen to get around being required to enter a pin . someone was working on modifying the email files to accept the remote admin input and send the success replies while not actually performing an action . that would remove the need to use a pin and prevent remote wipe , but i have not seen that modded email come out into the light .
i had the same issue with a company i am working with now . i am a consultant , and my current client has given me a corporate email address , which i synched to my phone so i am able to view and respond to messages when i am not at the client site . they have a script that runs when your contract expires to send the remote wipe command . however , i have been extended several times , and their system treats extensions as a brand new contract , thus wiping my phone every time . touchdown worked like a charm . . . it keeps your data completely seperate from the rest of your phone . that is really the only negative , as you can not view all of your appointments ( personal and corporate ) on one central calendar . this applies both to the pin code and to the remote wipe command . . . since i have been extended several times , they have sent the wipe command each time and touchdown is simply wiped , not the rest of the phone . best 20 bucks i have ever spent . on a social note though i do agree since this is my personal phone , they should not be able to wipe all of my data unless the command is coming from me . i think this is a huge miss within the native email client .
i believe the remote wipe feature is now required for activesync . if you setup the account as a pop or imap account you will not have the remote wipe " threat " but the functionality is of course limited . maybe there is , or should be , a way to do it with a rooted device .
press and hold the ' o ' key . at first you will get a pop-up showing the left parenthesis . hold it longer and you will get another popup showing accents for the character .
you might try my color screen . it is a customization site , so it focuses on launchers , themes , and widgets . because of that focus , you might find it is too much about the appearance of the widget instead of the functionality , but it might be just what you are looking for .
maybe not entirely what you are asking for , but have you tried using appbrain ? it usually does the trick for me in finding any sort of app , widgets included . the screenshots are helpful . to the secondary ( not quite asked ) question , i find android agenda widget to be very easy on the eyes and highly themeable .
i had similar problems and used llama , then expanded my use of it to cover other events . it is similar to tasker , and sufficient to my needs , while still a free app . most automation can be triggered by entering/leaving cell tower range that is recognized as " home " . it has options to turn on airplane mode automatically when the phone leaves a cell reception range , and take it out of airplane mode when it re-enters . btw - i am just an enthusiastic user - not the developer .
gsm and cdma refer to the 2g/3g cellular technologies used by phones and tablets . in usa , at and t and t-mobile use gsm , while sprint and verizon use cdma . gt-p1000l and gt-p1000n are variants of the international galaxy tab gt-p1000 version that were released by samsung for latin america markets . both p1000l and p1000n models have gsm connectivity . you can find the exact version you have in settings -> about under the Model number section . in terms of rooting and installing cyanogenmod , you will need to refer to the cyanogenmod wiki for the respective model ( p1000l or p1000n ) .
go to the contact you want to add the ringtone to , press the menu button in the top right corner and select Set ringtone . the mp3 file has to be in the /sdcard/Ringtones/ directory for the phone to find it .
voice chat programs uses an internet data stream . it is not up to the developer of the application . no matter which app you find it will be limited based on your phone service provider and the type of phone you have . take a look at this ( the protocols that are available via some services and phone types : ( taken from this thread , can i talk and use internet or other apps at the same time ) if you really want to know why and how this happens , without all the techie speak - - - - verizon 's 3g data and voice network is cdma , and only a device with svdo technology can use voice and data at the same time ( as opposed to the current standard evdo ) on cdma . the first device to do this was the htc thunderbolt . the galaxy s3 also has svdo , so you can surf and talk at the same time if you have verizon 3g service . the vzw iphone does not have svdo , so it can not do it . the iphone on att and tmobile can do this , as those two carriers do not use cdma - they use gsm , which can do voice and data already . i do not know why specifically , but just know that tmo and att are gsm and sprint and vzw are cdma . finally , any 4g lte enabled phone on verizon can do talk and data at the same time , as the data will run over the lte network and the voice runs over cdma . so , devices like the moto droid razr and other lte phones can do talk and data at the same time , but only if lte service is available . if in a 3g-only area , the droid razr can not do talk and surf together . make sense ? so if this is a needed feature you would have to shop for a specific phone provider and a specific phone that will allow you to use data service and phone service simultaneously . . . again , limited by the phone service and phone , not the app .
avrcp is not supported in most players . mostly in the stock players and cm , s apollo , unfortunately the stock players are crap and unusable in terms of sound quality . double twist player has partial support , song title shows but not album title .
now playing just received support for avrcp , in case that helps .
amazon mp3 player apparently has implemented avrcp -- only app that streams info to my car stereo screen .
the feature uses bluetooth avrcp , the audio video remote control profile . it is used for controlling the app from the receiver ( e . g . play/pause buttons on a bt headset ) . avrcp level 1.3 is possible since ics and improved in jelly bean ; it allows all of 1.0 ( play , pause , next , . . . ) plus metadata information on the track itself ( artist , track name , etc . ) . it was also backported into cyanogenmod7.2 ( gingerbread ) . players themselves have to support avrcp 1.3 too , i guess . apollo might also support this . or just search for avrcp 1.3 in the store .
invoke google now again to be in the same place as is on your snapshot . just press back button to hide keyboard and press three dots button bottom right and select settings . you will get the summary where you can realize that you have google now switched off . just select this item and continue with the wizard to switch google now on .
Vi ( or , its line-editor predecessors ed and ex ) is always in-built with unix and unix-based systems . if its not available in your device by default , install busybox ( rooted device is required ) . busybox bundles vi editor , too .
nano can be compiled manually , but also will needed terminfo data for correct display text . another way is use vim : ( precompiled here : http://mist.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/blog/?p=54 ) .
i cannot tell for sure what is causing this , but there are two things i can think of as a remedy : try booting into safe mode ( see android safe mode in galaxy s3 for details if you are unsure ) . if that is still possible , think whether you have installed any app just before your problem started -- and delete that app from within safe mode . reboot to leave safe mode and see whether your problem has been solved this way ( hopefully it has ! ) last resort : factory reset . this will delete all data and all the apps you have installed , and make your device " virgin " ( see hard-rest . com for details on how to do this ) . i suggest trying the safe mode part right away as it does no harm . if it solves your issue , you are done ; otherwise you might to wait a little more for alternative answers here before going for the factory reset -- maybe someone else has an additional remedy to offer .
go to settings -> language and input -> personal dictionary and add " esco " . if " esco " is present , remove it .
i finally managed to get rid of the filesystem corruptions . i configured s2e so that it mounts the ext3 partition only to /sd-ext and /data/apps . since then the partition is not remounted read only anymore . so it seems that the simultaneous write access to the different mount points of the ext3 partition ( /data/apps and /data/data ) caused the filesystem corruptions .
remounting as read-only is an action taken by linux-based operating systems ( including android ) in case of errors accessing the filesystem . in this case it probably indicates that your micro-sd has been ( partially ) corrupted . there are several possible causes of corruption like this : using the phone as a usb mass storage device and unplugging it while a write is in progress the phone rebooting while an app or the os is writing to the filesystem a bug in the ext3 driver in the rom you are using a physical error on the sd card due to excessive heat or cold , mechanical shock , manufacturing defects , strong magnetic fields , and c . whatever the root cause , try plugging your card into a card reader on a pc and checking it for filesystem errors ( for example , using fsck on a gnu/linux box ) .
i found that even after changing the setting it did not use the new keyboard . i had to do a long press in a text field . that showed an option for which input method to use . once selecting the new keyboard it worked all the time .
yes you can . i have used swype as well as touchpal keyboard as alternatives . once you install any new keyboard , just go to settings > language and keyboard to set your keyboard/text settings .
a factory reset does not touch the system partition , so built in apps such as the built in download manager will not get touched . perhaps you used a different web browser before the factory reset you performed , and that had better download management than the one you are currently using . if you download es file explorer from the play store , you can use the module in that app called es downloader . this is a good way to check downloads in progress in a nice dialogue box
turn off your facebook auto updates and auto sync and delete from the phone . be careful though . make sure your phone has been synced because all your contact info will be deleted . recync the phone and reload contact info . this appears to have fixedthe problem on my phone . also do not use htc sync to load music as it will fill all available space on the phone . copy music separately to the micro sd card .
your phone ( as most other android phones ) have two kinds of persistent storage -- internal and external . the internal storage is fixed into hardware , and is not intended to be user-serviceable . your sd card is the external storage , and is very much replaceable -- it is very accessible and can be swapped for another one , including greater capacity ones ( see this question for some additional information ) . however , replacing the sd card will not help in your case -- your phone complains that its internal storage space is low . this is a problem that has plagued htc desire , which is otherwise a great device . some things you can do : move applications to the sd card remove unneeded applications ( from your words , not quite possible ) clear up some messages , drafts , application caches , and in some cases application data downgrade some of the preinstalled applications that you do not use . see this question for more details
if you do not have a problem with voiding your warranty and getting your hands a little dirty , i can recommend the use of a custom rom with support for app2sd ( + ) , d2ext ( + ) or d2w . i am also a desire owner , so i really know what you are talking about , this has annoyed me for weeks , until i finally decided to see what all the fuzz with rooting and custom roms was about . so i rooted my desire and flashed this rom in the data2whatever-version ( d2w ) , which makes use of a partitioned sd card with an extra partition that , according to my understanding , works as an extension for the internal storage . so , after all of that , my internal storage capacity has increased to around 240mb instead of ~140mb ( yet the effect depends on the size of your sd card ( mine is 4gb ) and the size of the dedicated sd-ext-partition . ) it may seem tricky ( but it is not really ) , voids your warranty ( which you might need some time ) , and things like d2w over at xda-developers is , well , in development , so there might be the occasional bug , but it is been working fine for me for a few weeks now , and as i said , it is really paying off . so… if you want to read and test and learn a little , then xda-developers your way to go .
root and download ppp widget from google play
you would need to compile a custom kernel that is capable of mounting loop devices , or find a custom kernel for that device that already has that feature built-in . after a bit of digging , i found this guide on my phone 's support forum . it is a bit dated , but the information is still relevant . it shows how to boot a debian . img file . unfortunately , it does not really detail exactly what is needed for loop support , just that loop support is needed . but it is definitely possible , as i have personally run this on my phone for a short amount of time .
try : mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage . " myimage " is where you can view the contents afterward .
ok , i have jumped the gun here and asked a question without trying things out first . the solution is simple and very secure . first , you create a pkcs12 combo-key on the server that combines the server certificate , the client certificate and key with openssl pkcs12 -export -in android.cer -inkey android.key -certfile ca.crt -name android -out certs.p12 . during that you hafta issue a decrypt password . you are perfectly safe transferring that combo-key to the sd card . next , you import that in the android secure storage and then you can delete the pkcs12 key . after that , you are good to go , the keys are in a password protected vault and thus inaccessible to anyone else . it goes without saying that you need to protect your phone with a unlock password .
if you maintain the openvpn server , you can generate keys that require a password to be used . the technique is described at http://openvpn.net/index.php/open-source/documentation/howto.html#pki . scroll to the section titled generate certificates and keys for 3 clients . you will want to use the build-key-pass script to generate a password-protected key . this will prevent your key from being used maliciously if your phone falls into the wrong hands , though i am not entirely sure if cm 7 's openvpn implementation supports it . if you do not have the ability to use build-key-pass to generate and register your own keys , then there is really no practical way to ensure the safety of your key without full-device encryption .
you can still get some trending information about android apps . for example http://www.google.com/trends/?q=angry+birds
im dont exactly know how ailplay works , but is this what you are looking for ? https://market.android.com/details?id=cx.hoohol.silanoid
the best option skifta . it uses dlna and worked with my media center extenders as well as other windows 7 computers .
if your radio station is an extremely obscure one , there is a high chance that it is available in tunein radio . tunein uses your internet connection ( wifi or 3g ) instead of the fm wave so it does not require fm antennae .
check android version . you are already at android 4.2 . resetting to factory setting will not reset it to earlier android version .
if all you want to do is access your device from a computer , my favourite app is airdroid . allows you to browse files file a lot more . does not require root . i have found that i can get 1.5 / 2mb/s on a busy network
i suggest you to try servers ultimate .
i use sshdroid , which does not require root ( although if you have root , it will take advantage of it ) . this has the dual advantage that it can not only be used for file transfers ( using sftp ) , but since it is an ssh server , it also allows you to open a remote shell on your phone . i usually get ~1mbps via wifi .
there are tons of alternatives . find a list of ftpservers in this german thread ( google translate version ) , others like webdav and samba can be found here ( again : google translate version ) . i would say you could give ftpserver a try , sounds promising . no root mentiones , highly rated . alternatively , you might want to try domobile ftp share ( very small : less than 30 kb ! ) or their new app eshare . meanwhile i even managed to locate swiftp again ( somebody continues the project , finally ! ) , which should be fast and lightweight .
i created wifi ftp server for this purpose .
i have had a similar problem with a rockchip device . short adb shell commands worked , but ones with multi-line output just disconnected randomly , sometimes before producing any output . on plugging the device in , the kernel syslogged the following : out of desperation i moved the device from a usb3 socket on my linux box to a usb2 socket , as follows and adb shell then worked perfectly . you will notice the warning bulk endpoint 0x81 has invalid maxpacket 64 . this means the rockchip device is not compliant with the usb standards . my guess is that the linux ehci-pci driver is more forgiving than the xhci_hcd driver . interestingly enough , i saw exactly the same behaviour on a mac laptop , when i plugged in the rockchip device . there , the kernel syslogged : and adb shell broke in exactly the same way . tl ; dr : plugging into a usb2 port instead of a usb3 port might solve the issue . good luck !
it looks like those roms just do not support app2sd . someone else was asking about it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=12193603postcount=453
with rooted device , only one account called root with both user and group id of zero is present , does not matter how many accounts there are . similar to mac osx , linux counterparts . there is a singular superuser . apk , all accounts can run an app that requires root privileges . it boils down to what apps have the permission granted . afaik superuser . apk is not multi account aware ? if i am wrong feel free to correct me multiple accounts are only available on tablets , however cannot confirm either as do not have one . : )
that is because the contact is synced to your contacts via online account ( facebook in this case ) . you are not allowed to edit that contact that is why there is no option of editing it . get it !
try going onto your wifi settings page . when your on the list of available connections there may be a button at the bottom of the screen titled " wifi direct " . . . that is how it is on my s3 anyway
actually there is not any option like that . its missing . there were lots of complaints about 4.0.4 update for live with walkman that Wifi Direct is missing . look at here . also look at this review of update . . : may be sony will fix it in next update .
for continuity across all android device sizes , from phones to tablets , the android team completely removed the old tablet layout from 4.4 going forward . it is no longer there so it is not something that can just be switched on . it would have to be built back into the rom , so you may ask your rom developer or look to see if a rom has already done this .
usually this is related to weather apps that refresh and update location when the screen is turned on . it could be any number of other apps , but most commonly it is weather apps trying to locate you to give you an accurate update for where you are at . check any weather apps to see if any are set to use your location .
what is running ? on today 's android phones , google play services samples and records your location occasionally , even if you have " location sharing " ( what used to be called latitude ) turned off , in order to support a number of use cases:- it allows apps on the device to define regions in space , and notifies an app if you go into ( or out of ) a particular region . this way , only google play services needs to be running and checking location , rather than every location-based app on the phone keeping track of your location separately and using power unnecessarily . it looks at which wi-fi hotspots are visible , and sends them periodically to google , to support the feature of finding " coarse " ( less accurate ) location without turning on gps . it looks at your speed to determine whether you are stationary , walking running , cycling , or driving . google now uses this information to show you a " you have walked five miles this week " card , if you turn that on , and the statistics are also made available to other apps , again so that they do not all have to burn battery by tracking location individually . it samples where you spend time in office hours and the evening so that google now can work out where your home and work are , and when you commute . this lets it offer you relevant traffic and weather information , and it tells it when you are travelling away from home to suggest places to visit and c . why only when the screen comes on ? this is to do with the way android power management works . usually , when the screen is off , your phone is asleep . apps can not run in this mode : it only does the minimum necessary to keep the device connected to the phone network . some devices can save power by even turning off the main cpu of the phone , switching to a smaller , more efficient ( but slower ) cpu while they are asleep . in this mode , android tries quite hard to avoid waking up , because each wake-up costs a lot of power . most apps that run periodically have their run delayed , and all run at once , so as to wake up only once instead of many times . this includes the location sampling discussed above . when you turn your screen on , the phone has to wake up , so at that point any periodic background tasks that were held back will run straight away . google play services is not trying to use the gps only when the phone is idle : it just runs for that split second when the phone wakes up .
cm11-m4 did not ship for the jf or d2 phones ( galaxy s4 and s3 ) . they were not ready . it'll be back for -M5 . all of the jftle- builds were concentrated into one unified device build . note : unified device soon after the release of cm 11 m3 , all qualcomm-based variants of this device were merged into a single build : jflte . the device information pages for the individual variants still exist so that you can reference any device-specific unlock instructions , download recoveries , or would like to build , for example , cm 10.2: jflteatt , jfltecan , jfltecri , jfltecsp , jfltespr , jfltetmo , jflteusc , jfltevzw , jfltexx . this new build , simply jftle has no m4 available on the website either , it is not just the updater . and , just for comprehensiveness the jftlespr ( the sprint deprecated variant ) also does not have the m4 build . here is what was said in irc.freenode.net/#cyanogenmod ,
check out this link that is what you want : htc
i have found it in the android api : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/view.html#setsystemuivisibility(int) a flag , system_ui_flag_low_profile , can be passed to indicate that certain ui elements be put into a low profile and offer less of a distraction to the user . if i had a nexus device ( really any device with soft buttons across the bottom ) then i would also notice those buttons being replaces by the same dim circle i am seeing in my navbar . this has been available since 4.0 and is intended for book readers , games , and other immersive applications .
this is the indicator for low priority notifications , for example from google now .
i expect that this is going to depend on the ad network . what you have seen apparently works on admob , but as to whether other ad networks will require a connection or will display cached ads , i could not say . by the way , astro file manager pro ( no ads ) is only $3.99 .
most ads require internet access . if you remove the internet access , then it should not load the ads ( unless they are somehow cached ? ) . if he really , really , really wants to get rid of ads all together , you can install the adfree app on rooted phones . it will remove ads from the browser , from apps , etc . anything that is in its blacklist will refuse to load . however , developers do try to make a living and often provide their apps for free at the cost of a little advertising . you may also want to try and explain this to him and if he really likes the app he can support the developer further by purchasing the full ( ad free ) version . no money , no developers .
essentially those are what we call " home " replacements . you have the stock android home , or htc 's custom sense home ( or [ insert manufacturer 's custom home here ] ) that come with your device . but you can go on the market and download another one like launcherpro or helixlauncher or adw launcher . usually people use these for additional features the stock home does not have , such as more screens , more icons on the screens or app drawer , or advanced memory management , special widgets , etc . ( launcherpro ) .
to replace htc sense completely you will have to root your phone and replace the rom completely . please see this post for more information : stackexchange-url if on the other hand you are looking at replacing your homescreen/launcher then there are plenty of options . launcherpro adw . launcher helixlauncher plenty more . . . i personally have launcherpro and have upgraded to the plus version . the plus version has 90% of the widgets sense ui has but is in my opinion far quicker , more stable and has way more features . nb : i do not believe any of these launchers allow you to utilise the widgets from sense ui . edit : just to answer your comment . launcherpro is an app you can download and install from the android market . once installed clicking the home button will prompt you to select which launcher you had like to use ( either launcherpro or sense ui ) . all you would do from there is check the " default " checkbox and select launcherpro .
with this little internal storage maybe it would be better to move /data to your sd-card . you can accomplish this with a second partition , which is formatted with ext2 , ext3 or ext4 file system and a int2ext-script ( source ) , if your rom is compatible .
please first take a look at android folder hiearchy for some background . pre-installed apps reside on a partition mounted as /system , which in " normal mode " is read-only . user-space is a different partition , /data , which you did not really touch when deleting system apps ( only the data from those apps , if they had any , would be stored on and thus deleted from /data ) . so you did not really free any space you could use . the only ways to gain some space on /data are : uninstall ( user- ) apps you no longer need move apps supporting this to sd ( see : app2sd ) clean caches , browser history , etc ( only temporary relief ) buy a device with more memory ( in practice , the most promising variant ) further suggestions : check the insufficient-memory tag and its tag-wiki for some remedy .
if your goal is solely to transfer your email , your best bet would be to create a dummy gmail account with imap and add it to tbird as a separate account ( so that it does not go to the general inbox ) . once you had that done , in tbird copy all the folders you want transferred to the dummy account and wait for it to sync with gmail 's imap server . finally , add the dummy gmail account to your choice of email client on your phone and wait for the imap sync to complete . if you want to continue to receive email on your phone from all these accounts , you can add them in as you like to the email client of your choice . personally i would recommend k9 for multiple email account management myself ; it has an unified inbox similar to tbird 's general inbox and is all around mucho handy .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
fortunately there is no region-locking for phones , just carrier locking . if your phone came with european firmware then you should probably stick with european firmware . ideally you had be able to find something from your carrier even if it was re-packaged by someone for odin . as for your network settings , there are a couple possibilities . you may need to supply the apn information , which you can usually find by doing a web search for "&lt ; carrier&gt ; apn " or similar . you might also need to flash a different modem if the one you have is buggy or otherwise incompatible with your device/carrier .
first , see my relevant answer over here in regards to " killing tasks " , especially the use of task killers . the only way to stop these background tasks is to either : turn off any sort of background notifications the app does ( check the settings for each app ) uninstall the app or if you are rooted , you could " freeze " it with titanium backup . beyond that , you are not going to be able to do much more . it is up to the programmer to decide when he needs to have a background task run , and a good programmer will let you have to turn these background tasks off ( usually it is caused by polling for notifications ) .
use advanced task killer ! awesome app .
at this time there is not a way to attach a contact . you would have to copy and paste the details or use a different messaging app . hangouts is still lacking in many essential features , unfortunately .
each " hangout " you create is a seperate entity . if i open a chat with you only , then that is a hangout , and nobody can be added to it . if i open a chat with you and abqnm for example , that is a new hangout . and so on . so if you are talking to me and we decide to bring abqnm into the hangout , you need to click the + symbol for a new hangout , and me and then add abqnm into it . it is a whole new entity . if we then want a third person it . . . you guessed it another new hanout needs to be created .
you could make use of e.g. tasker -- an automation tool which can react on different situations and handle a lot of things ( basically , sometimes i think 80% of questions like " how can i . . . with android ? " could be answered by " use tasker ! " . though it does not come " cheap " , on the developers website you can get a 7-day trial to check first . it is worth every cent of its 5 bucks ! ) . so with tasker , you do simple math : condition + task = profile  for your case , it is probably something like . . . profile " docked-in-car " conditions : ( they are always connected by and with tasker ) " headphones plugged " " docked " tasks : " audio -> mic mute " optionally : " keyguard off " optionally : " display timeout 0" ( as it is connected to a power source , so you can continually see what is displayed ) most likely : " start app -> [ music-app ] " . save and go . now , when you dock your sgs2 and plug in the 3.5mm cord , mic should be muted -- and additionally some other nice actions executed .
i wrote an app named soundabout . you could change the media audio setting to " wired headset ( with mic ) " . if your headphones have a mic , it will use it . if your headphones do not have a mic , then there will be no microphone used at all .
i had the very same problem for like 4 months . and finally , in one day , the problem was solved . follow these steps : switch off the device . press power button + volume up button until the device is switched on ( followed by a small vibration ) . as soon as the device is switched on , let go of the power switch but keep pressing the volume up button . after a few seconds , a screen will appear showing a green android symbol with rotating gears . when this screen appears let go the volume up button and keep pressing volume down button . hold like this for a few seconds . till a big green ' ok ' appears on the screen . after this the device re-starts automatically . it may take some time . after this , it'll be like you are switching on your tablet for the very first time . you have to provide your gmail address ( optional ) , name , system date and time etc . all the apps and files that was previously in your device , will be gone .
i suggest using lookout ad network detector . it is specifically designed to recognize ad-providers , and helpfully categorizes the ad-providers based on annoyances and/or best practices . it will then show you which app is using what ad-provider .
try using an ad-block app like adaway or adblock plus . most of these apps will show which ads were blocked and from where they originated . you can also check this link to know in detail about how to block ads in android
if these popups are appearing in front of other apps , look through your installed apps to find any with the " draw over other apps " permission . most apps do not have that permission , so this should help to narrow down which one might be the culprit .
download a terminal application for android and run the following command : ps the " ps " command will list all the running processes / apps . inside there you can see and analyze if a " weird " app is running behind and shows those ads .
that looks like a job for tasker : profile camerarotate : condition : app → camera task : notify sound ( text : " rotate me , please ! " , sound : [ select file ] ) this way , whenever the camera app becomes the active ( foreground ) app , a notification will appear with the text specified . you can also include a sound ( maybe something annoying or shocking , to make the " user in question " really aware ) . also , instead of the notification you could chose " play sound " , and have a pre-recorded mp3 played saying/shooting something like " hey , do not forget to rotate the device ! "
do you still have a link to the ebay listing , is it active ? a lot of the phones on ebay are fake/imitation phones . some even have user interfaces made to look like android , but are actually running a basic feature phone os . tools like htc sync and adb that only work with the real hardware often fail when tried on these devices .
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
wait till till go to the verizon store . they can set up your number on your new phone while they desk with your phone transfer .
could be a overheating problem especially if you are using live wallpapers and leave the radios ( wifi , bluetooth , gps and mobile data ) on . is your device in some time of case ? that might prevent cooling . . . i have run into this problem occasionally and have learned to turn off things .
check your settings within google play music for ' stream via wifi only ' . if you have this set , and you are out of range , the streaming cannot continue until you return within range . it may just be coincidental to always appear consistently at that time or range . also remember about caching . caching may queue a number of songs , making it appear to extend range .
i have nova launcher running on an htc one 4.3 and no , it is not an issue with either android or nova launcher . just the old app taking revenge ! ( my attempt at humour , sorry ) to fix this : go to settings go to apps go to nova launcher clear defaults press home and select htc sense ( selecting " only once " ) [ doesnt the dock look familiar ? ! ] change the dock icons to desired ones press home and select nova launcher ( selecting " always " ) done ! reasoning any changes that you make to nova launcher or most launcher for that matter , like replace the music app shortcut with a calender app will not take place in your default htc sense home launcher ( the default home launcher ) . so when your lock screen accesses the dock , it will display the icons only in the htc sense home launcher dock . now you said that you changed the sms app . when you did so , you probably changed the shortcut in the nova launcher dock bar but did not in the home launcher ; thus the problem ! *tip : you can use this to your advantage to use the default dock for handy apps like camera , phone and music for quick access only on your lock screen !
it sounds like the lock screen icons are configured separately from the home screen icons . if the lock screen shortcut is pointing to an app that is no longer installed , i would expect it to show the icon you are seeing ( the default app icon ) . try going into the lock screen 's settings and setting the shortcut to the new app you want .
well , annoyingly i could not figure out how to fix it . a factory reset did the trick . thanks dan hulme
this weekend i did a factory reset on my droid incredible , asking it to wipe everything . ( the phone had been slowly turning into a brick and this was the solution . ) after it finished , there was still a lot of my personal information on it , not just in the memory card , but also in the main memory of the phone . i had it expected it all to be gone . if i were going to sell or give a phone away , i would first do the factory reset then hook it to my pc , change the usb connection type to disk drive , scour for personal info , overwriting and rming everything i could find .
within gmail while at the inbox screen if you click menu and then label settings you should then be able to check notify once and then you should get notified for every new messages as a group .
no . bad cellphone coverage decreases battery life because the phone has to transmit with more power to be able to communicate back to the cell tower . it is like when you can barely hear someone hollering at you : you shout louder too to make sure they can hear you . but gps is a one-way signal : the phone only receives it , it does not transmit anything . it does not matter how much attenuation there is : either the phone can hear or it can not . the only way a weak gps signal would cause more power use is if you leave the screen turned on waiting for an app to get a position fix :- )
i will neither say yes or a no to this question . : ) debateable - if you are acquiring a gps fix through wifi , you will not get it in the woods or mountains : ) however , if pulling 3g data across in order to acquire a fix , the question then steps in , how much battery juice is eaten up when trying to get a good " proper " signal ( in between switching masts to get a better signal threshold ) etc . ( this ties in with @dan 's answer here ) do not forget some apps will attempt to get a location as well facebook is one example of such app . depends on what apps installed that have location permission , and as well as for services running in the background , all of these , will inevitably , slurp juice trying to run to obtain a gps fix . so user bias can come in there as well . one handset with just maps will claim its fast , another handset with facebook , maps , g+ , foursquared will claim its slow .
gps generally affects battery life significantly only when used ( in standby , its energy consumption is neglible , usually far below 1 mw ) . but when it tries to aquire a fix ( i.e. . you want to know your current position ) , it might reach consumption values comparable to your device 's screen ( ~500 mw ) . so in your described situation , it might influence battery life . but the " if " and the " how much " depends on how often apps try to aquire a fix . while this usually is done in foreground ( i.e. . you actively trigger it ) , there might well be apps using it in background , such as e.g. location reminders .
gps eat up battery , as described in how much does “gpsing” drain the battery ? . but i have no clue is poor gps reception decreases battery significantly . and i also read this somewhere : GPS only takes up battery life when something uses the fine position permission . however , it drains more battery if you allow the gps to be assisted by your network provider . in the samsung galaxy s4 , this is found in System settings &gt; More &gt; Location Services &gt; Use wireless networks . it will use network information to make gps location even more accurate based on network cell sites that are found nearby . and if network is poor ( e . g . 1-bar signal ) , the phone works harder and drains more power .
this process needs refining as it may call for disabling more items than needed : force stop , disable , and clear cache on the following : chrome google account manager , google play services , google play store , google services framework change location mode : System Settings &gt;Location &gt; Mode &gt; Set to High Accuracy re-enable the items disabled in step 1 avoid consenting to google 's location service requests : )
as said in the comments it looks like your volume button could be broken . a good way to check if this is the case is to disable it . there are some great threads on how to do this so i will list a few here that you can check out . if the case is that the button is broken , let me know in a comment ( on this answer ) and i will help you out . threads : http://forums.androidcentral.com/lg-optimus-g-pro/284907-how-disable-side-volume-buttons.html http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/33602-disabling-volume-button.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2125810
for the first part- samsung has notes on the system updates on their site . i am not sure what provider you are using , but you should be able to get to what you are looking for if you start at : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/ use the " start by entering . . . " search bar in the middle of the screen to pull up your specific note ii phone and scroll down to the " support overview " section . for the model i looked up , the " which version of the android™ platform does my samsung note ii use ? " question is already in the frequently asked questions list , but if not , use the search bar just about that . i did not check every device , but it certainly looks like it is the kit kat update that is been downloaded . for the second part- i am working off the assumption that your note is not rooted . upfront note ( haha ) : i do not have a note ii here with me , so i am going off reference materials and memory on the exact option names in the menus . these steps should let you disable the notification until you re-enable automatic updates . go to ' settings ' click ' more ' click ' about device ' click ' software update ' uncheck the ' auto update – check for updates automatically ' option when the update prompt is in your notifications , pull down the notification list and do the following : press and hold down on the update until you get a ' app info ' option click ' app info ' click ' clear cache ' click ' clear data '
if you have multiple users on your tablet , this means that the apps are installed by another user , and therefore take up space without being installed under your user account . just open the other accounts and uninstall the apps from there .
in the menu there is an option to uninstall for all users so you do not have to loging in to each user on the main .
you need to install the correct drivers for the device . i am not familiar with the device in question , but it seems that there are two drivers available on the gionee mobile india site . try installing one of the drivers there and then connect your device again .
try concepts like jtag . . . as far as i know , it is the only method to take a complete image of a non-rooted device . correct me if i am wrong
it is impossible to obtain block level access to a block device without root , since all of those files grant the write permission only to root . at least i have never seen it any other way and i doubt that the s3 is an exception here . it is not because it is technically impossible , the default permissions simply forbid it . a this is done for a pretty good reason : it would be a major security issue if this was possible : the normal user could get a dump of all the filesystem data .
i have noticed that it only worked when i have english us selected in the ( choose input method ) , all others did not work for me , i live in canada . english in canada did not work also having it set on automatic did not work either . thanks
have you downloaded the files for you language , that supports offline voice recognition ? under google now , hit the menu button at the bottom , select settings , select voice , then the option to download offline speech recognition . also , it could depend on what rom of jellybean you are running . some things work better than others in certain roms . . .
the nexus 7 is probably one of the easiest android devices to root - and all you need is the android sdk ( and 2 downloads ) . step 1 install the adb and fastboot commands . on ubuntu these can be downloaded using apt: sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot on windows you should download the android sdk , however you can just download this zip which contains the adb , fastboot and dependencies . step 2 on your nexus 7 , go to System Settings-&gt;Developer Options-&gt;Check USB Debugging ( you may need to slide the toogle switch in the action bar to on ) . if you do not see the usb debugging option , go to System Settings-&gt;About Tablet-&gt;Tap on 'Build Number' 7 times . connect your nexus to your computer . step 3 make sure the drivers have downloaded and installed if you are on windows - windows update should automatically find them . once connected , open up a terminal window ( windows : win+r , type cmd press enter . ubuntu : ctrl + alt + t ) and navigate to where you have unzipped the fastboot and adb programs ( no need to do this on linux - they are in the path ) . step 3.5 type adb backup -all -nosystem to backup your userdata to the backup.ab file . step 4 type adb reboot-bootloader and press enter . your nexus 7 will reboot into fastboot mode . step 5 when the device is in fastboot mode , type fastboot oem unlock and press enter . read the information on the device , and touch the Yes option . your bootloader will be unlocked . this will erase all userdata ! step 6 download the latest twrp recovery image from this page . save it in the same location as the fastboot binary . issue the fastboot flash recovery twrp.img command to flash this recovery image . step 7 almost done ! using the on-device fastboot controls , reboot into the recovery menu . select Advanced then ADB Sideload . download the latest supersu zip file and save it to the same location as adb and fastboot . do not unzip it step 8 issue the command adb sideload CWM-SuperSU-v0.99.zip , and then reboot the device . you are now rooted ! step 9 type adb restore &lt;backup file made in 3.5&gt; to restore backup .
a few suggestions ( this is a shell so i am guessing you have basic shell commands ) one or all of these may work : first try : sh su then : bash su then : . /su if it has an extension give all the above commands a try with the extension of su also as a suggestion to see what commands are available just type : help [ edit ] since you mentioned not having root access try using the sudo command before su ( and the above commands if needed )
according to this thread you are not alone : poweramp hijacks the headset controls ( wired and bt ) from all my other media players . . . i use headset controls with the stock mp3 player , pandora , xiialive , and fm radio . . they all surrender the headset controls when not in use , but when i bring poweramp in the mix the headset controls only work with poweramp . . i went into the headset options in poweramp and disabled everything , that stops the controls in poweramp , but does not restore the headset controls to the other players when i want to use them . . . but according to the last post by the dev this should fix it assuming you are running latest version ( uninstalling would probably restore control as well ) : not exactly . i have made today a workaround i mentioned above - so unchecking headset buttons option in poweramp now should properly redirect next button presses to other players ( applies to 2.2 only ) . this will be included in next minor release , coming beginning of the next week . thanks for the report again .
if the bug has been fixed in poweramp as toxmox says , i would try a factory reset . hopefully that will fix whatever happened to the system and the fixed poweramp will not do it again . you can backup everything with rom manager or just your apps/data with titanium backup ( both require root ) . edit : i suppose my final suggestion would be to flash a stock rom ( e . g . this official 2.2.1 ) through odin with " re-partition " checked . steps : i recommend using rom manager to make a complete backup of your system , then copying that backup to your computer ( because odin will format your phone ) . take out your phone 's battery , plug it into usb , and put in the battery while holding both volume buttons . this will put it into firmware download mode . start odin . if it does not see the device , unplug it and plug it back in . load the " s1_odin_20100512 . pit " file ( comes with odin ) in the pit field of odin . load the downloaded rom in the pda field of odin . make sure re-partition is checked . hit start . if odin fails or it seems like nothing is happening for about 10 minutes or so , try again from step ( 2 ) . sometimes odin is finicky . this should get you a completely clean system .
try google 's own ' finance ' app from the market . finance for android brings you streaming real-time quotes in this stock quote and portfolio application . it synchronizes with your google finance portfolios , allows quick access to charts and lets you view the latest market and company news
first i have to admit i am not an expert on device encryption . i cannot speak out of first-hand experience , but at least can give some background information which definitely will prove helpful here . so for one , there is the big confusion about storage naming . our storage tag-wiki can be a big help on this . in your specific case it is the question what " internal storage " refers to , and how that differs from " internal sdcard " ( which it does ) . so let 's see how our internal-storage tag-wiki defines internal storage : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . i see our storage tag-wiki is even more precise/detailed : device storage : usually referred to as " internal storage " or " phone storage " . [ … ] on your device , this will be used for apps and data , and usually is mounted at /data internal sdcard : some devices offer a separate internal sdcard , where you can store your own data ( such as documents , videos , music files , pictures , etc . ) . so from this you can clearly see the difference . without root , you are not able to ( freely ) store your personal data ( as defined above ) on device storage . but our apps have their own specific directories here where they can ( and do ) save their settings , data , and more . second confusion is caused by different manufacturers using different " mount points " and access-paths for storages . as you describe for your device , they might even mount the sdcard inside the /data partition . however , if the encryption setup offers you separate choices to encrypt internal storage and internal sdcard , this should not matter : if you can tell it to not encrypt a given partition , one should assume it follows this advice . if , on the other hand , you do not get the option to not touch the internal sdcard , i am not sure it will be left out . in that case , it might very much depend on your device ( and system ) . when switching from ums to mtp to provide access to your " internal sdcard " from your computer , for many of them there was a second change going along : to not " fragment " the internal storage space ( i.e. . " internal storage " running low while there is plenty of space available on " internal sd " , or vice versa ) , they just use a single partition to hold both . the " internal sdcard " then is created as fuse device , in simplified terms : pointing to a directory on internal storage . if that is true for your device , encryption of " internal storage " most likely will affect the " internal sdcard " as well . but as initially stated : i have no first-hand experience here , and thus gladly accept corrections in the comments .
one would think that encryption would effect more than a factory reset , since ideally encryption would effect as much data as possible ( to ensure nothing is unprotected ) ; and a factory reset ideally would effect as little data as possible ( to reset settings without backing everything up ) . its hard to answer your question because you do not specify the medium of encryption you are going to use , but i would submit that you should just try it and see it what you need encrypted gets encrypted .
yes , you need a specific otg cable , or you need to modify your cable . an otg cable has pins 4 and 5 shorted , which is how android knows it needs to switch over to host mode . you can manually short ( cross ) the wires on a standard cable , then use a f-f adapter . for my nook simple touch , a kernel patch is needed to be able to use otg . i also need to manually activate host mode while using a otg cable , so i know the grounding of pins 4 and 5 do more than simply tell android to go into host mode .
the tasker app will let you do this ( and much much more ) once installed , add a " task " widget to your homescreen , and have it run a " send sms " action . this lets you specify the target of the sms , as well as the full body of the message .
on top of the answer from cédric julien - it may be worth wiping the google search data and cache from settings -> applications .
according to the google now page sports cards are : shown based on web history so i suppose there are still many links related to the giants in your web history . try to go to your google history page , search for everything related to giants , then remove the shown items , then maybe google now will understand that you are no longer interested in giants results .
the problem has been solved by updating " google search " after the 4.2 announcement . so it was definitely a bug : )
go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , find your camera app , and look if you can " clear cache " and/or " clear data" ; maybe something got messed up there . if that does not help , try clearing the apps dalvik cache ( you are rooted , so you can do that ) : rom toolbox lite and droidtweaker ( root ) are two helpful apps for that . same background as above : sometimes something gets messed up here . a very last resort would be a factory reset -- but keep in mind that this would also wipe all your self-installed apps plus data of all apps , so have a good backup of all your data available ( hint for that : titanium backup ★ root , which also offers a " dalvik cleaner " feature -- but as far as i remember this only removes " orphaned " entries ( from apps you uninstalled , and the like ) .
i just found a free sensors diagnostic app , install it and run it in order to see if it is a hardware problem : z - device test
to the left of the web address window you are visiting is a nearly circular arrow .
i9300 is international model of samsung galaxy s3 . so it will not come up with any specific carrier . you can also use i9300 with any carrier as you like . but there are some other models with specific carriers . if you want use them , you need to unlock it . like : 1747- at and t us . . . . you can check carriers and s3 model names here
yes this can be done on the google launcher itself . but you will have to root your phone . you will not only be able to hide the text but be able to tweak even more stuff . but let 's just stick to hiding the text for now . download xposed gel settings it is an xposed module and requires the xposed framework . if you do not know what that is , here 's a video to get you started off with the android xposed framework . if you still have questions , do ask .
try this http://market.android.com/details?id=com.abcorganizer.litefeature=search_result once installed , long press on homescreen to add a shortcut , add a " folderorganiser " app shorcut and it asks you whether you want to " add text below " icon .
try pressing headset button two time frequently as you double click from computer mouse .
just long-press the headphone for 3 seconds , and it will change the channel .
did you update to android jelly bean os ? samsung jelly bean os does not support this feature . source .
on the lg nexus4 power consumption is very high when using 3g+ internet connections . and as you wrote gps is a passive method . cpu does not seem to matter much here ( my own findings after a few months of usage ) .
if you look at my previous answer to a similar question you can see that by google 's testing utilising wifi will use more battery than using gps . this seems broadly in line with the figures given in an answer mentioned in the comments . however as izzy mentions these are ballpark figures and actual consumption is dependant upon what exactly the phone is doing .
most of the information is available in Settings -> About Phone -> Status but you can also use an app from the market called battery info ( i am sure there are others as well ) and it will show you all the information on the battery . this app also has a widget that can display some information too . at the time of me writing this it is not possible in the android sdk to get the raw mah value so you wont find any apps that can display the exact mah , only how charged the battery is in percent , and what is drained .
just an addition . " mv " does not work on android because the internal memory and sdcard have different file systems . you have to copy the files and then delete the old ones . ( oniks answer is still the best . this information is just for those who ended here using google )
if you use mv on a directory containing files and subdirectories , it will move all of them . but in this case you may not want to move the amazonmp3 directory itself , so the command would be mv internalmemory/amazonmp3/* /sdcard/music/ , assuming the internalmemory directory is correct . the actual names for the internal memory and sd-card depend on the device , for example on my old galaxy s they were /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd/ .
the app should at least be found in settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , where you should be able to uninstall it . alternatively you can visit the playstore website , log in with your credentials , go to " my android apps " , select your device ( in case you have got more than one in there ) , find the app in that list , and remove it by hitting the trashcan-symbol . if all this fails ( the second alternative should not , but who knows ) , your " last resort " will be a factory-reset of your phone ( which will remove all data and all apps you have installed ) .
well , the best option to this is to use an app called zoodle kid mode . this is available in the android market and is free of cost . the app has ability to run your phone in kid mode . while in kid mode , the kids wont be able to make calls , browse internet , uninstall apps and anything which can harm your phone . you can use the following link to take a look at it : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.zoodles.kidmode
install smart app protector with its helper app ( for enhanced reliability ) . make sure to make it device administrator . then , lock Package Installer and Play Store using it ( lock down other market apps too ) . with one tap , the app can lock all apps which could uninstall it . the app facilitates this for its own security , but its solution of your question . and , i can bet . . . after that your kids can not uninstall an app without developer level expertise . update : after your comment , looks like your app launcher is capable of uninstalling apps directly like play store . so , lock your launcher too . from your screenshot , its samsung touchwhiz launcher having package name tw.launcher . lock this package with smart app protector . but , it would lock your app drawer too . if you do not want to lock your app drawer , best way is to switch your home launcher app and lock Package Installer , Play Store etc . done ! alternate launcher apps have more features as well as memory efficiency . so , its better in all other aspects . if you do not want to spend money , i would recommend you go launcher ex . if you can spend money for this , i would recommend you adw launcher ex .
there are quite a few apps in the market which will lock certain apps behind a password , a search in the market for " applock " should find most of them . i have not actually used any , so can not give you a recommendation , but these should allow you to lock the market and settings apps behind a pin number , to keep your kids out of them .
i have this issue too on an archos arnova 10cg3 tablet . it looks like the system is reading/writing to the nand flash ( your internal storage on which the system + the apps are stored ) and that fails for some reason . try to do a factory reset and if that does not fix the problem , send the tablet back for rma . the nand chip could have failed or the system is not properly configured to read from it .
the best thing to do is to make a backup , and do a factory reset .
for common system apps like the ones you have mentioned , there is no way to uninstall or reinstall them : without root , it at all you can disable them ( not all of them even ) . but they are usually not held in the playstore for re-installation . even if they receive updates via the playstore ( like gmail , maps , and the playstore app itself ) , some of them must reside on the /system partition in order to function correctly ( the google play app is one example for that ) . but as the same situation could also apply to " normal apps " , let 's take a closer look : user apps though they are usually coming via google play , it might well happen they get removed there one day ( recent examples are the ad-blockers which got banned ) . for this , tools like appmonster come in handy : they enable you to store a copy of the apps .apk file to your sdcard ( the pro version even can do so automatically whenever an app is installed/updated ) . so in case you have to remove an app for some reason , and want to re-install it later ( or even if you want to install the same app on a device without google account ) , you can do so by side-loading the .apk . uninstallation , of course , is easily done either via settings&rarr ; apps , or even via appmonster itself . system apps here it is a lot different . without root , you can at maximum disable an app ( settings&rarr ; apps , scroll to the app , open its details , press the disable button ) -- if your device is running android 4.0 or later , that is . with root , things become a little different : theoretically , you could uninstall everything . a practical issue might be you are rendering your device unusable , if you e.g. uninstall something basic to the system . also , removing their data might be an issue on re-install . so if you really have need for this , here 's my recommendation : get adb installed on your computer ( either via the full android sdk -- or using a minimal installation , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? make a backup of the app you are going to uninstall to be prepared in case something goes wrong . you can use adb backup for this , which backs up the app including its data . make a copy of the app 's .apk file for a re-install . you can use adb pull for this . the .apk is located in /system/app , so your command could look like adb pull /system/app/Browser.apk . to copy the browser 's .apk from the device to the current directory on your computer . now that you have two fall-backs , you can try to uninstall the app . again using adb , you first call adb shell , then you need to become root ( su ) , and now you can use the pm ( package manager ) tool to pm uninstall com.package.name . you can also remove the .apk from /system/app . to re-install the app , you simply copy the .apk back to /system/app . to restore the data , you can use adb restore . note that dealing with system apps always bears the risk to render your system unusable . so it is always recommended to make a complete backup ( best using nandroid backup from your custom recovery ) prior to such operations -- so in the worst case , you can go back to where you have started . dealing with the " the process x has stopped unexpectedly " error there are several ways to deal with this error . to my knowledge , none of them includes uninstalling a system app . if the app in question is a user app delete its cache . if that does not help : delete its data . if that still does not help : delete the app . if that cannot be done due to the app being in a " force-close-loop": boot into safe-mode , and delete the app from there . if the app in question is a system app : pray you have got a good backup : ) as with the user app : first try delete cache , then data . nothing goes ? then you have got to do a factory-reset
all of these things are going to be counting data from some point in time . for your carrier , that will be the start of your billing cycle . for android 's internal data counter , it depends on the Data Usage Cycle setting under Data Usage in the Settings app . for your widget , it again depends on the settings . getting the reset times in sync is critical for making the numbers match up ( and even then , as @izzy pointed out , the carrier may account for data differently ) . you could test this theory by turning off all data , setting android 's internal counter and the widget to reset at the same time , waiting until that time passes , then re-enabling data . the numbers should be better synced then . if they are not , then there is a chance the widget is not able to track all data sent for some ( likely security ) reason .
your data counter widget most likely summed-up the exact amount of data transferred . i.e. for a transfer of 33 kb , and another of 17 kb , it would count 33+17 = 50 kb your carrier more likely sums up blocks of 10 kb . so given the same example , he calculates 40+20 = 60 kb not for real , but it looks like android 's internal takes both and makes an average , so for our example it would come up with 55 kb . makes absolutely no sense ( and i doubt it is true ) , but rawly matches the numbers given in your question . . .
on ice cream sandwich the folder is at /sdcard/android/data/com . dropbox . android/files/scratch
i have an idea . go to your box on your droid . hit the menu tab . then you will see " upload here " which is the way to upload a file from the sd card to the dropbox ! which works great for me not having internet to send from my laptop to droid as well as attaching files to inbox messages .
it should be noted that the dropbox app does not actually sync the files to your phone , it just presents you with a list . whenever you select a file in the dropbox app , then it downloads it to your phone . on my incredible , the dropbox folder is just in the root of the sd card .
root explorer has an excellent search function .
astro file manager also has a good search function , and has a lot of handy functions connected to file management .
edit notifications off is an android app available in play store , it will help you to make profiles so that you can block some/all app notifications . root is required for the app to work . there is feature called " quiet hours " in cm 10.1 . it is available for your nexus 7 . just install that rom and set a time interval . during that time period you can mute notifications , notification light and disable vibrations . settings --> sound --> quiet hours or if you prefer to use asop , you can uncheck the Show Notification option in apps info .
solution : the closest solution would probably be to use ' gravitybox ' ( which is an xposed module for android ) . this is by far the most utile xposed module i found . one of its many features is to block incoming notifications completely/partially ! i highly recommend it whether you want a notification blocker or not ! ( visit gravitybox for more information ) requirements : rooted android smartphone xposed framework easy to install . . . just download the apk from xposed installer gravitybox can be installed using xposed to install gravitybox : from the xposed installer app , visit the ' downloads ' tab and simply search and download ' gravitybox ' module switch to the modules tab and tick to enable the ' gravitybox ' module open the ' gravitybox ' app and navigate to statusbar tweaks-> ongoing notification blocker customize the blocking of notifications restart your phone and experience notification blocking
beyond what you have already done , you can not . the market requires you to have your google account added to your phone , and this naturally stores data such as your email address even if you do not sync email .
i have a mid android phablet . had some issues too , but not that one . here is a link , they have a lot of suggestions for android tablets ( under forums heading , then android tablet ) : http://www.androidtablets.net/search/33094/?q=android+tablet+frozeno=relevance i did a query with " android frozen tablet " in the search . the search engine is somewhat off on the queries , so search using some of the words or fewer words , otherwise it might not bring up any hits , when there are suggestions/solutions . this query brought up some suggestions with the mid tablet . the second suggestion seems possible as many of my issues with the tablet were resolved with simple things , but not things you had think would be the solution . . . . . it said if frozen to let the battery run down all the way , and then plug it into the power adapter and the other person says there is started working then ? ! good luck !
you should be able to access the default recovery on your android tablet and do a factory reset . to do so turn off the tablet and then while holding the power button press volume down and hold for about 10 seconds . if this does not work try volime up or both . you should be now in the recovery and you can navigate with volume up/down and confirm with power button . if this does not work then your device may need a bit more attention .
the solution to this problem was to turn off google voice call screening . though the gv app was not installed and i do not know how the setting became enabled , i logged onto my gv account to turn off this setting .
ultrachron stopwatch lite . it does not time stamp each lap but does the start time .
mininoteviewer (https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.gr.java_conf.hatalab.mnvhl=en) basically works the way i want . there is no explicit switch between " edit " and " view " modes , but it does not pop up the keyboard until you tell it to . good enough . also jota view ( https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sblo.pandora.jota ) can be set to not pop up the keyboard when you are viewing a note ( preferences-> input-> viewer ) , though the app is overcomplicated imo .
you can install google docs in your android device . also you can use an editor called inkpad , that works your way , the keyboard only is showed if you want to edit the note .
yes , the reason you can not downgrade official roms is not a technical one ; it is just a decision samsung have taken . there is no reason at all why you can not go backwards and forwards between versions of cyanogenmod as long as you have the appropriate recovery . and cm10.1.3 and cm10.2 are currently much more stable than cm11 on the i9300 . consult the cyanogenmod site ( http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ ) or xda-developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2382573 ) for full details before actually flashing a new recovery . ( personally i am staying with cm10.1.3 ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035141 ) as i found the camera unstable on cm10.2 )
seeing that you have 2.2 , the easiest solution would be to go to settings -> wireless and networks -> tethering and portable hotspots . there you have an option to enable usb tethering ( exactly what you asked for ) or , even better try out portable wi-fi hotspot . that way you will be able to connect to the internet without connecting the phone via usb , and connect multiple devices if you want .
if you want something to connect to the files on your pc ( which clearly is what you meant by navigate ) you will either need to share files on your pc , on the same home network you connect your phone to , or get an app like pocketpc to have a remote user connection to your phone .
it sounds as though you are just asking for a tethering solution ( whereby you share your data connection on your phone with your pc ) . a stalwart in tethering is the app pdanet . the free version ( which does not allow secure connections , but allows most browsing and even wow connection ) can be downloaded from the market and installed on your phone . from there you install a client side program on your desktop/laptop , enable usb debugging on the phone , and follow pdanet 's instructions . if you want to one-up my suggestion feel free , there are better solutions , but i would recommend trying the baseline to get your feet wet first . especially considering you will want to keep the data usage inconspicuous .
if you are trying to use your android phone as a gps device for your pc ( or presumably laptop ) then you can try an app called gps tether this sets your phone up so that it will forward gps details to a pc , but the pc does need the full android developer tools installed , so that it can use adb ( android debug bridge ) so is not very straightforward . this will only pass on the gps location data to the pc , the pc will need to do everything else , so you will need a separate navigation and/or maps program on the pc to make use of the data .
i know that this has been marked as answered , but i wish to add this : most apps like that tell which country your from from your locale setting . this can be changed from the settings menu , or using the app locale switcher .
i had no trouble getting it myself , but that was a while ago . have you tried using a us proxy or sideloading the app ? another option would be to switch to data or wi-fi for the download , whichever you were not using , to see if it is just the particular network that the play store has a problem with .
php mysql server app is available for android device . install it and then download and generate your yii project by using cmd , then copy that project to your android device wamp root directory . for better development , install it on your pc . before running the command in the cmd , install php and make sure to set the php path in your system environmental variables .
i had the same problem when i originally rooted on my droid with stock rom . eventually a newer version of froyo came out and i had to upgrade ( and lose root ) or switch to a custom rom . i ended up switching to cyanogenmod . no more nagging update messages and i kept root . you might want to consider rooting your phone and switching to a custom rom for the incredible .
it is possible . but , most notably they would tell you if there was a voice version , and a non-voice version . just like some tablets have 3g connection , and some only have wi-fi . they had tell you . however , you also have to be careful sometimes . some sites that sell these really cheap , are like chinese wholesale sites , and they make counterfeit versions of these , but sell them off as the real deal .
go to settings > accounts > whatsapp > my whatsapp account remove the account make any necessary contact changes open up whatsapp at this point , whatsapp should re-associate your contacts with the existing users .
i had this problem - to resolve it , play a track with google play and lock your tablet . you should notice the new lock screen with album art is now present . now , quit google play etc . and go back to using ( the excellent ) doubletwist . you should find doubletwist 's " now playing " track appears on the lock screen just like google play . i suspect google play starts a background service enabling this new feature . hopefully an update to doubletwist will do the same in future - but i am just guessing .
you can eliminate /system from your list : it is mounted read-only , and ( usually ) never changes ( except when flashin a rom or applying an ota ) . we can also eliminate /sdcard as possible candidate , for multiple reasons : first , it still has 2 gb free space available . second , android devices should also work without an sd card inserted . and third , plus most directly clear : the error message says " phone storage " , not " external storage " or simply " storage " . which leaves us with the other two candidates ( if your above list is complete ) . usually , this alert refers to /data ( or /data/data , if that is a separate partition ) . reason : /data is where your apps store their data , and also where apps are installed -- so here the activities take place : installing and using apps . do not be confused by the " relative value " ( about 30% free space ) . it is rather the absolute value which counts ( here : 1,313 mb ) . considering that some devices ship with less than this available altogether ( e . g . htc buzz ) , this should be sufficient free space , and thus not trigger such an alert . which would leave us with /cache as the most likely candidate here . you can ensure this by deleting some caches ( you can do so from applications &rarr ; manage applications and walking through the apps , hitting " clear cache " for each one that has caches -- or use some helper app which does this for you , like e.g. app cache cleaner or easy cache cleaner . if this makes the error disappear , it was /cache triggering it -- otherwise it could only be /data .
it is usually /datadata that gets full on the galaxy s . interestingly this partition is not displayed in the Storage setting menu . the quirk is that /datadata is mounted on a special very fast flash chip that only provides 170mib of storage space . while this was enough in the " early days " of android when the galaxy s was released , it can easly become tight with modern apps . /datadata is used to store application user data , and while many apps only place a few kib there , some apps require to store more . typical candidates that store around 20mib in /datadata are google chrome and google currents . atm the best practice is a fix that lets you control which apps can store data on the fast chip and which are outsourced to the slower ram . this script can also be installed with an app called datafix . to find the apps that consume the most space use su &amp;&amp; du -s /datadata/* |sort -gr |head . for example on my device :
enter download mode . download odin download offical firmware from here place the tar file in the pda location in odin and it will install the offical rom again . tutorial here if you have kies delete it just install the drivers
if you had contact sync enabled and you added the account on this rom too your contacts should appear . if they do not , try titanium backup pro . it is a terrific backup solution and it is pro version allows you to restore individual items from cwm backups . it costs more than your average app but it is super well worth it .
you will most probably have to wipe . this is because the data will have a different structure , as it is a major version . if you have recovery , you can flash it to see if it works and if it does not , then you can wipe it . i would suggest backing up any data you would like to keep .
do not use full image at recovery ! it contains recovery too ( cm can repair itself , but reflash of bootloader is not needed ) . use fastboot and flash partitions : system , data you will lose all of your data on the tablet , but it is needed because of the different filesystem structure . without reflashing data you will get a bootloop .
i have found it , i needed a y-cable and i needed to activate the usb host mode by using this command in the terminal emulator : su insmod /system/lib/modules/ehci-hcd.ko  that activates the usb host mode . and the phone does not mount the flash drives so i have to mount it manually : cd /dev/block ls  the terminal emulator should turn out something like uba , uba1 then create a folder in your sdcard called data ( or whatever you like ) and then type the one ending with 1 ( i.e. uba1 ) like this : mount /dev/block/ub*1 /mnt/sdcard/data  ( * ) stands for the changed letter because it always starts with ub and ends in 1 but the third character changes between a , b , c , . . . . then open any file explorer and do whatever you want with data folder in your sdcard and then just unplug it , no need to unmount safely .
on an older phone of mine this was an issue with the app store . insufficient storage error was fixed after an update . one app , huffpost , had poor coding and gave me that warning . many updates later they fixed it . you can use gemini app manager to move app to the sd card that android will not allow you to : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.seasmind.android.gmappmgr edit : found a root guide . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2138234
problem solved : the reason was a defect in the battery . there was a small crack over the side of the battery . it was replaced by the shop where i bought the phone last year .
you can have some custom roms , but if you want just to remove the bloatware , i would just root my device , uninstall those bloatwares and if possible unroot again . some rooting methods does permit to unroot and some do not . even in latter case all that has happened is just you had rooted your device and still have your original rom .
not possible . at least not on most roms . try the nsa or your country 's secret services .
according to this old xda post it is the same as the s5830 . i am not really sure though , you need to investigate this on your own if have doubt . note also , that your s5830 is a legacy device and only really runs android 2.3 well . so you could either follow cyanogenmod 's installation instructions for the s5830 or search the s5830 section on xda here . note : if you want to replace the stock firmware , you do not have to root it in the first place ; it is not needed to be able to flash it . you will have root with the modded firmware , then .
if you have a micro sd card , download a different rom to your phone . my phone would not ring after i did a factory reset , changing the rom worked for me . if you do not have a miscro sd then connect your phone to the computer and open your files for the phone to see the direct path and move from your computer to your phone . if you do not have the new os on your computer goto http://d-h.st/txq to download the dark unicorn rom , you will need a zip extractor , either on your computer or your phone .
exchange the sim cards with two different handsets and replace it as earlier . this worked for me .
i have finally found a working link for hack4legend : http://www.mediafire.com/?w32aen59riz8qnn it came from yet another guide : http://technologic101.wordpress.com/2012/05/31/tutorial-how-to-downgrade-htc-legend-from-android-v2-2-to-v2-1-100-working-with-hboot-1-01/
you can try flashing your device completely and install the lightweight generic rom from google .
it can not be possible that you lose your internal storage because of rooting , as firmware is your os and drivers . which are taking space and do not even related to rooting in any way .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
i have tried an epad , which is the bottom line of the tablets , and i can not decide . the display is ok , the touch screen is so-so , wifi is working , uptime is ok , but it is near to the speed we call dead slow . the browsing experience is so-so , but somehow the whole machine is so lazy and basic . also , there is no market , and i think lot of stuff could not even run on it , better case could not run fast enough . try one before buy ; if you do not except too much , maybe it will be your favourite " bed browsing " device .
this page has a list of what to avoid : android 1.5 , 1.6 via wm8505 128mb ram rockchip rk2808 anything smaller than 5" cruz tablet , augen , mips no g-sensor and recommends 7" tablets with a tcc8902 processor from shenzhen .
i purchased the pandigital supernova , which works really well . and as popular as it is , the google android market doesnt support it , which i have found for several other devices . i am however able to download apps from the amazon android market just fine and in many cases directly from the vendors website and have had no issues running any of them .
be sure that it has access to google app market . some of the cheaper phones and tablets restrict access to the google market and provide their own inferior versions instead .
the top consideration i would have , other than finding something that meets your personal requirements , is the 3rd party development status of the device . in the cheap tablet market i would not count on decent software from the manufacturer , so you want an actively developed aftermarket version to run .
android 3.0 , or honeycomb , is the first version of android designed specifically for tablets . imho , with honeycomb sure to be on tons of tablets ( including cheap chinese ones ! ) in the very near future , you would be crazy to get a tablet running an older version of android at this moment in time ; even if that means hanging on a month or two .
android version battery back-up support of google play
there are a lot of alternative keyboards available on the playstore , which register as separate imes . one example i found is lime hd chinese ime 1 , another one cantonese keyboard 2 : there are several more available ( the developer of the second keyboard offers some other variants as well ) , many are linked on these apps ' playstore pages .
what you are missing is : the application ( in your case toolbox ) can evaluate how it was called . to make an easy linux-example : say you have a script called myscript , and call it with the parameters para1 para2 ( i.e. . myscript para1 para2 ) , and the script has a line : echo $0 $1 $1  it would output exactly what you called it : myscript para1 para2 . now make a symlink : ln -s myscript mylink , call mylink para1 para2 , and guess what it will " echo": the command line you called . so parsing the command line , based on the symlink your toolbox was called by , it can determine which functionality you were pointing at .
sony pc companion really could be better . from your phone , goto contact list them do a back up contacts . it will writes all your contacts to a vcf file on the sd card . then you may merge it to whatever application dealing with vcf files .
have you tried the sony ericsson pc companion suite ? the latest version 's sync zone should be able to work with outlook . there are other packages on the market that can do this for you , but most are paid like for example companionlink ( $49 , free 2 week trial ) with its android app dejaoffice .
move your phone contacts list to the root folder of sd card tap on the people option on your phone and select import contacts from sd card . choose the list previously uploaded , then all the contacts will be imported .
aosp/stock android builds allow importing contacts from sim cards , or vcf files ( which are just text files . ) i am unsure the se xperia neo allows you to do this - if so , it is relatively easy to build a vcf file .
when using both features i.e. n messages in the last m days i have always found it to be buggy . if you want to pick up loads of old messages would suggest going into the account settings for that account , removing the m days option and changing the fetching option from xkb to just headings . would also suggest changing n messages to a higher value , one that is likely to pick up however many you want . then refresh your account - you should get exactly what you need now .
in k-9 mail , if you scroll down in your inbox , it shows the option " load up to n more " , and by repeating this you can go back further and further .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
the android system monitors the light sensor ( for things like auto-adjusting the backlight ) , but to my knowledge does not specifically log that data by default . you can get an app like androsensor which allows access to all your phone sensors and can monitor and log the data for you .
you cannot post a review unless yo have downloaded the app . so , in my opinion , it would be very tiresome to make so much accounts and then login with each account and then download the apps , especially in the case of paid apps .
short answer : no . there is nothing that prevent developer from making lots of additional google accounts to provide 5 star ratings . google recently made a change that require a google+ enabled account to post reviews/star ratings on google play ( at least using the on-device play-app on certain phones ) which is a small improvement from the past where a simple gmail account would be enough .
yes . you can partition your sd card and add a swap space to it ; i have this on my g1 . however , it is fairly complicated voodoo . ( link is for g2 , but instructions should be good for most phones ; however , you should probably search xda for whatever your phone is to be sure ) swapper 2 from the market will do this for you , apparently . i have not tried it myself , i use a custom rom that has it built in .
this is called group messaging . in short , everyone in the group gets replies from all the other group members . you can choose to remove people from the message or isolate specific people to message separately , and for that reason it will list all " participants " in the message . i am not sure how to view them in your app as i have not used it , but in most messaging apps , when you are in the message thread , there will be an option to view group participants . it may be hidden behind the menu key ( 3 dots often in upper or lower right , or hardware menu key , if your phone has one ) . or it may have its own button . ( tip : in many apps you can find out the purpose of a button by pressing and holding the button )
what is a force-close ? if an application encounters an unexpected state or some other programming error , it will issue an force close . in most cases you will be presented with a form that allows you to send log files and the cause of the force close to the developer . doing so will help the developer to fix the bug . first aid if it happens rarely , you might be able to " ignore " it . contact the app 's developer if it repeats from time to time . an extract of the logcat might be helpful to locate the issue . if it persists : a reboot might solve it if it still persists in a loop , preventing you accessing the device otherwise , and the app in question is one you installed yourself , you can boot into safe-mode and remove that app if instead it is a system app , a factory-reset might be needed if your device is rooted , you might boot to recovery-mode and " wipe cache " before going to factory-reset . if this works out , you will not lose any data . helpful questions/answers dealing with force-closes how to fix a force close loop on android with phone access ?
try aphonemetix completely offline phone usage analyzer . generates graphs and reports which you can share easily . ps - i am creator of this application .
i could not find such a feature shipping with android itself -- but : yes , there is . or rather : there are . plenty . it would become a long list . watch out on the playstore for droidstats or call meter 3g -- both apps allow you to specify the " payment day " ( droidstats is probably easier to use , while call meter can cover more complex scenarios ) . there are also others like e.g. phoneusage , and more ( you can follow the related apps for more suggestions ) .
if every app had to interpret the raw gps input itself , it would be very silly . different apps would duplicate the same effort of decoding and interpreting the gps input to compute a location . different apps would end up using different libraries to do it , so each app might end up with a different idea of your location . instead , the process of interpreting the gps data to compute with a location is handled centrally in android itself . the android system offers an interface for apps to query the location without having to worry about the details of whether it came from gps , cell towers , or wi-fi networks . this way , only the android system has to compute the location , using any possible sources , it can give this location to many apps without duplicating effort , and ( as you have noticed ) each app does not have to start from scratch to compute the location . more recent android versions also do clever tricks like giving a less precise location to apps that have the " approximate ( network-based ) location " permission but not the " precise ( gps ) location " permission , regardless of which methods were actually used to determine the location . internally , this works with what is called a bound system service : an ipc mechanism for different processes to receive data from the service that actually computes the location . the service does run in user space , not inside the kernel , and like any other android app it runs inside its own process . ( only the very low levels of the gps receiver driver run inside the kernel . ) the details of that are well beyond the scope of this site , but if you are interested , you can learn more by reading the location strategies page in the official android developers ' guide .
try plugging in a keyboard via usb . if you do not already have an adapter for it i would recommend that you go ahead and buy one . it comes in handy .
what is your os ? here is a link that might help you : how to unlock device when i forgot my password ? now here are some scenarios : if you are in jellybean and you only have the stock jellybean password , then i am sorry to say you need to take a drastic measure in opening your tablet which is doing a factory reset . however , on the link above it will tell you that you can unlock your device by using your google account online . i do not really know the details but that might help you . if you are using another keyboard from the play store , chances are you can edit the settings on the keyboard itself . this could appear in the form of a settings button ( a circle with a dot on the center ) where you can set up the language of the keyboard or you are using hacker 's keyboard you can swipe the spacebar and the keyboard will change the language . i strongly suggest you add what os and keyboard configurations you are using ( activated keyboards , current keyboard used ) to your question so that others might add more helpful answers .
the size of your nandroid backups is directly related to the amount of apps you have installed on your phone , and amount of data these apps store on your phone 's internal memory . even though cwm excludes the /data/media folder ( which is usually mounted as /sdcard on newer android os versions , ) the contents of /system and /data partitions alone will take plenty of space in the resulting backups . backup size of 2gb is not that uncommon , especially for phones without external storage . consider an app like google plus , for example . the app caches articles and images from your stream into /data/data/com.google.android.plus/cache directory . the more you use the app , the more this cache fills up , and the more space in the backup it will require . same with other apps , like google chrome , or gmail , for example . to mitigate this , you can always clear the caches for the largest apps in Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; Sort by size . also , an alternative to cwm called twrp recovery has an option to compress the backups in order to save on storage space . some apps give you an option to store their data and cache onto external storage on phones that sport sd cards ( google play music has such an option , for example . ) nandroid does not back up contents of sd cards , so selecting this option will further shrink the size of your backups . in terms of keeping backups on your phone , i would strongly advise against it . i usually keep only the most recent backup on the phone , and copy older ones to my pc . this way i have the backups in case the internal storage of my phone is rendered non-accessible .
the water evaporating has left now undissolved mineral ions on your phone ( ions conduct electricity ) . now electricity does not go as designed . also heat cycles will possibly change chemical and physical structure of your hardware . the more you use it the more likely something will get worse instead of drying to get rid of water and leave the ions on your phone you should have hoovered the water being cautious not to discharge static electricity to the phone ( even though theoretically almost everyone should have damaged their hardware with static many times in their lives it somehow never happens ) now maybe you should clean it properly ( isopropyl alcohol should work the purer the better at least 99% ) the better way to clean it is with bathing it in the alcohol and use ultrasound at the same time which some more professional phonerepairers do with special machines . ( you can find some good replacements of the machines for about 50usd ) it most often works without ultrasounding but the ultrasound method is much better and fixes the performance of water damaged phone more .
i would try an app to turn the screen off , such as this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.katecca.screenofflockhl=en sounds like you have done well to only have this little damage . perhaps even this will recover in time .
here you will find a guide for the stock rom version of your galaxy s4 http://www.droidgator.com/how-to-root-samsung-galaxy-s4-sch-i545/ however , if your phone was updated to the vruamdk , you should use the already posted tutorial . good luck !
if you are lucky enough to have not updated and are still on the vruamdk build number then here is the root method ( source and credit given to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2290798 ) : step 1: go to the source link above and download the five items in the first step , samsung official usb drivers , odin v3.07 , vruamd2 prerelease kernel , stock vruamdk kernel for your phone , and motochopper root exploit tool . step 2: boot your phone into odin mode . step 3: flash the vruamd2 prerelease kernel using odin v3.07 in pda section only . boot back into android and verify that the flash was successful . step 4: follow settings -> more -> about phone -> tap " build number " 7 to unlock developer options and verify in there that you have " usb debugging " checked and " verify apps via usb " unchecked . verify in security setting on your device that you have " unknown sources " checked and " verify apps " unchecked step 5: connect your phone to your computer and open " run . bat " file from the location you have extracted motochopper to . you will see a message on the phone asking you to accept the new computer connection ( select to always allow and select ok ) . step 6: after motochopper runs and your phone reboots on its own , check if supersu has any update in the play store . open supersu app and let the binary update itself to the latest very important or you will lose root on step 4 . now you can open a root application and verify that is able to access root properly . step 7: now to restore the stock kernel you need to boot your phone into odin mode ( how-to link above ) . step 8: flash the stock vruamdk kernel using odin v3.07 in pda section only ( follow same link in step 3 for a how-to ) . step 9: boot back to android and verifying everything is still working and kernel has flashed successfully . you should now be fully rooted and on the fully stock original firmware that came on your device . to restore a custom recovery ( optional ) , follow step 5 on the source link .
there is a root method available for the vruema7 build that does not require you to wipe your device or flash roms , but it does not have an unlocked boot loader ( source and credit to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2380325 ) step 1: download all three files from the first step from the source above and install/extract as necessary . step 2: insert a microsd card ( exfat format required ) into your device and connect it to your computer as a media device . step 3: move the extracted files and folder from the root exploit package onto the root of your microsd card . do not put them in any folder . step 4: open the android terminal emulator app on your device and run the following commands hitting return after each line : cd /mnt/extSdCard ./pwn ./script.sh  after the second command you should see the '$' change to a '#' indicating root access . the third command will make root access permanent . step 5: after the above commands have run , you can download and open supersu and check for binary updates . at this point you should be done and you can open an app that will request root access to test this .
i think it is better inform it to the google play store support . go to this page:- https://support.google.com/googleplay/?hl=en then click top right " contact us " button . follow its on screen instructions .
astrid has this functionality . add a task by giving it a title and then clicking add a due date if you wish . this opens a page where you can tap a due date + time . click ok after making the necessary changes . click the blue + sign on the right to add the task to your list . now tap the task to edit it - scroll down if you need to and select details and then remind when due and overdue choose the options as you see fit and ensure that the ring/vibrate type is set to until i dismiss alarm . click add an alarm and choose when you want to be reminded . to avoid this rigmarole in the future , you can choose to set by default that reminders should ring constantly until you dismiss them . click settings > new task defaults > default ring/vibrate and then select until i dismiss alarm also see reminder settings where you can choose a ringtone of choice .
over time new versions of android-x86 appear , and the problem is solved now by the next available release - build 20130725 with android 4.3 .
go to the settings app ( not the settings in the contacts app ) . go to the list of apps ( apps or applications manager ) and change from downloaded to all . find an app in the list called contacts storage and click on it . there you can see how much storage it is using . since this app only stores your contacts , all that storage is being used for your contacts . ( actually , it takes up some space even when you have no contacts , but only about 4kb . )
the best part about android is first the freedom , second the community . like npike said , you can do whatever you like with your phone , causing it to be more or less stable . you can customize as far as you can imagine ( and possibly program ) , but if you do too much or incorrectly , yes , you will bog down your device . but there is nothing a good wipe can not fix : ) second is the community . if it is roms you are looking for , there is always one that you will like , or there is one being developed with new features you want . or you can make your own ! android enthusiasts are always innovating and finding new ways of helping each other out . so if you do have stability issues with your device , chances are there is someone who can help you : )
as an android user for about 2 years ( and an iphone user for 2 years before that ) , i feel that android is very stable . but you have to remember , that with the ability to load widgets , and background applications - you can certainly bog down your phone and decrease its performance . in apple 's walled garden this is not a problem , but you also do not have the freedom and choice . as a modern computer user , i want the choice to slow down my phone if i want : )
i run a custom rom on my samsung galaxy s . the hard part is knowing which rom to pick . if you want stability , i would stay away from cyanogen , because they tend to be more experimental and bleeding edge . if you visit the xda forums for galaxy s 2 and go to the android development page , the most popular roms will be on the first or second page . typically you can get an idea of the stability of the rom by looking at the change log and how frequently bug fixes have been made to the rom recently . for instance , if a new rom was just released , or it seems to have very frequent serious bug fixes , you may want to stay away for a while . however , if you find one that has been out for a while and the serious bug fixes have died down ( as opposed to feature updates ) , then it is probably okay . you can usually find reviews of roms on various android community sites , but i am not familiar enough with where to go .
to reply to your question , i just got a samsung galaxy s2 , and it is amazingly fast ! ! and of course very stable , as any other android phone i tried . i am not sure about right-to-left languages , but the original samsung rom on the galaxy s2 is nothing like " slow and heavy " , it offers really good performance in every aspect , this is certainly the fastest android phone i ever tried ( or fastest smartphone , all platforms included )
i use the charging dock for both z ultra and z1 .
try blncontrol pro , provided your kernel supports bln ( backlight notification ) . it has a schedule function that allows a user to disable bln during the night or a specified period of time along with options to change blink rate as well as time-out of the backlight remaining on as well as a battery threshold beyond which blns will not be activated .
from the firefox for android page : installation requires [ . . . ] 384mb of ram . your device has only 256mb . you can always try to install the nightly version , although it may be unstable . or you can search on google for a stable firefox apk .
your mileage with cyanogen mod ( cm ) depends on the phone you are running . if you have an htc phone , you will not have any htc sense running or installed at all . so htc widgets will not work . this is a hurdle for many htc phone users that enjoy some of those widgets . personally i have been able to find adequate replacements to them . so that was not a barrier for me . if you are not using an htc phone there probably will not be a lot of cons . again though you might not be able to use any stock widgets that came on your phone . but you might have a different dialer and contact app then what you are used to . do you connect to an email system at work , such as an exchange mail system ? i do and that was one of the reasons for me not using cm . not that it did not work , but there was some functionality i was missing , a few settings and i did not like the way the contact app managed the exchange contacts . whatever htc uses for their builds worked better imo so i use an htc based rom . as saboogu states , hardware will make a difference too , but cm team is good about refining their rom and working out kinks so that it functions well even on older phones . if you are already rooted make a nand backup first . follow this guide i wrote keeping in mind it was written for an evo , but most info still applies to other phones . once you have a backup then wipe and flash and go from there . see if you like it and the feature set . this way if you hate it you can easily restore your backup .
we have an orange san francisco , aka zte blade in the family . i would say the biggest weakness i found with the cm7 rom for this device is around various little bugs with proximity sensor , wifi connection and power management states . imho this is due to zte being very hacky in the way they maintain kernel source , and partly due to having undocumented hardware revisions which causes various minor glitches . this caused extra work for the devs who put the blade kernel together for cyanogenmod , but all issues have been fixed . sometimes users suffer bugs and simply do not report the bugs on the bug tracker so the devs are unaware of issues to fix . all these are minor issues , against the well know pros of cyanogenmod . i have had far more stability , performance and support from cyanogenmod than i did from orange and their stock roms .
one drawback is reduced support for hardware in some cases . ie cyanogenmod for htc desire does not support hd video .
the biggest goal of cyanogenmod , in my eyes , is to provide back porting of functionality to older phones who are not getting the latest version of the android os ( 2.1+ ) , e.g. the g1 . it also gives plenty of little tweaks here and there to add some functionality to your phone that you may not have gotten before . it also ( typically ) requires rooting your phone , so you also get those benefits too . although cm releases " stable " versions , your stability may vary . you will most likely see more reboots from cm than a stock rom or other miscellaneous bugs .
really depends on your hardware . at this stage , cm6 is likely slower on a g1 than the ota 1.6 release . maybe not quite as stable either , but certainly more feature-packed . on the other hand , on a higher memory device that has native 2 . x support , those same drawbacks will not apply .
i previously owned a htc hero and i resorted to cyanogenmod ( cm ) because it does not contain htc sense . however due to hardware limitation i noticed that my phone ran slower as the android version increase . since froyo the phone no longer fast and there are times it lags . another problem i faced was hardware support . for example camera may lack of some features introduced by htc .
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader then it should be pretty simple . just put the system . img file somewhere on your pc , connect your device via a usb cable , reboot into your bootloader 's fastboot mode and then : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  if you do not have fastboot then you will have to jump through some more hoops . one option would be to use something like unyaffs to extract the contents of the system . img ( if it is an ext2/3/4 filesystem then just mount it ) and then package it up as a zip file that can be installed from a custom recovery . there are some tutorials floating around that explain the syntax of the installer script file , but the easiest way to figure it out would probably be to download a custom rom for your device , unzip it , and look at the updater-script file ( should be META-INF/com/google/android/updater-script in the archive ) . you may also be able to get away with simply using dd on the device , though i would be careful if you decide to try it , and make sure you are booted into recovery : adb push system.img /sdcard/ adb shell dd if=/sdcard/system.img of=/your/system/partition  alternatively , you can often build the source so that it creates a zip file instead of raw images , then install the zip from recovery . i would suggest checking to see see if you have something like make otapackage available to you .
this new feature is called next word prediction . you can easily disable it to restore the ics behavior but it is a bit hidden : go to settings > language and input tap on the setting icon beside android keyboard under the keyboard and input methods section at the bottom you will find advanced settings , tap it there you will find next word prediction , uncheck it : after that , typing i followed by space will bring up the punctuation again instead of predicted words .
have a look in the ouya store for an app called autopilot , that allows you to specify an app that will run on boot .
the comment above about replacing system ui is correct . however there is a hack that overlays android 's built-in navigation bar with a " customizable navbar-like panel " . the real navbar is hidden but still exists . if you are still interested in a hard fix you need to unpack , modify and repack systemui . apk . this can be done using the apktool utility , which unzips the apk in editable form . in the resulting file tree , look for and edit res/layout/system_bar . xml using a plain text editor . add the keymap and icons for volume control : the exact placement of the code probably depends on the customization done by the rom vendor . but a likely spot is to search and place it after the line that contains the text " android:src="@drawable/ic_sysbar_recent " . after inserting the references , you need to copy the icons themselves to the right folder : the final step is to repack the edited system_bar . xml and new icons along with the rest of the unpacked systemui . apk . i am sure my instructions are incomplete . so remember to keep a good ( and tested ) backup and recovery tool at hand before attempting to install your hacked apk !
there is no os-wide " trash " or " recycle bin " like other shells have . however , the android design guidelines recommend app authors to put something like that in each app as appropriate , to allow undoing deletes . thus , in one app , a delete button might delete the content immediately , while another might mark the content as deleted but wait for some time before deleting any files in the filesystem . there are even more possibilities with apps that sync to a server : they might need to keep ' deleted ' content around for the next sync , or it might be on a server somewhere , never deleted . in addition , not every item of user data you might delete is a file . some apps might store things in a database , so after you delete an item , part or all of it might still be present in the app 's database . of course , like any filesystem , once a file is deleted , most of its content remains on the storage . someone with physical access to the storage , or a rogue root app , can almost certainly still read it for quite some time after it is deleted . it is pretty easy to recover files in this way , especially if your phone acts as a usb mass storage device when plugged into a computer .
on your phone go to people . ( or phonebook ) choose your contact card . press menu button/edit . press on your photo/facebook . and it will be updated .
you lost all your contacts as it was tied to the old one , registered a new one , then when ics sync'd , nothing there . . . as it was on a newly registered account . question is what happened to attribute you to getting your previous google account closed ?
the programming support for the fm radio service that is in place within cyanogenmod 7.2 , is probably not compatible with the chipset used in xperia arc s . hence the omission of the fm radio , it supports only broadcom bcm4325 , silicon industry 4708 and 4709 , and lastly texas instrument wl1271 . looking at pdadb .netfor the specification of the handset - the chipset is not documented , so it is proprietary in which case cyanogenmod 7.2 has no support for it , hence the omission of the fm radio . the best bet would be to find the original stock rom dump of that here on xda , extract the radio app ( could be called FMRadio.apk ) from it and push that across to your handset . edit : as confirmed by the op , there are dead links galore on xda . however , i found another linky that may do it ( post #72 ) . ( that is err . . . ics rom dump . . . it might be worth a try . ) edit 2: here 's the radio stuff , you need to install it in this fashion . after unzipping the archive , there are two files , FmRxService.apk , and Radio.apk . plug in the cable to the handset and enter the commands , adb install FmRxService.apk adb install Radio.apk  the radio should now appear in your applications drawer , fingers crossed and good luck . there is no guarantee it will work either . . .
the freexperia team have added fm radio in their latest cm nightlies , and it seems to work .
usb debug mode is used by developers to test their apps . if they connect using usb debug mode , they will get debug information about how their app is working on the device .
an android device in " mass storage " mode behaves just like a usb flash drive : it presents itself as an block device that can be mounted ( i.e. " used" ) by the host pc . just like an usb stick does . additionally " usb debug mode " can be enabled , which creates a new usb endpoint for the android debug bridge ( adb ) . this allows an user to get in-deep access to the connected android device and furthermore it allows the debugging of apps . this is the reason why you should never attach an android device with debug mode enabled to an untrustworthy pc . as usb is able to provide more then one endpoint per usb device , this " services " , mass storage and adb , can be used simultaneously .
google probably disables google maps in israel largely for security reasons . google street view in israel was enabled only some time in 2012 . older news reports say that google maps for israel was totally blank from some areas ( especially areas that may attack israel ) . btw , i can see israel in google maps from my place ( philippines ) . related information : why google earth pixelates israel
normally you just tilt the device . on my samsung galaxy s , you should also have rotation enabled ( pull down the notification bar , it is the far right icon ) .
2g+3g is not recommended if you are in an area with spotty 3g coverage , as a radio switching back and forth will drain the battery much quicker . this is the major reason this widget option exists , to allow users to switch between 2g and 2g+3g on the fly .
when traveling with trains in germany "2g+3g " does not work for www for my phone . when setting to "2g only " i have a much better chance to get the www altough its very slow then but enough to read text .
if you choose 3g only , you have no connectivity if you are in an area where no 3g is available . with 2g+3g , the phone will fallback to 2g if it can not get a 3g connection .
have you tried considering a mutli-partition sd card ? there are a few tools like sdminste and partition wizard to help you create a dual partition setup on your sd card . you could create a small partition to store all your roms and updates , and a bigger partition for your user data . however , there is a slight problem wherein windows will only recognize the first partition . refer this well written guide on xda for a workaround .
i updated the software to 4.1.2 and the problem has gone :- ) i do not know if the bug has been fixed , or the process of upgrading has corrected the faulty state the phone was in . i will update this post if the problem comes back . . .
you can update your firmware with this file .
handbrake is a good program to rip and convert dvd video ( it may not work on certain copy protected dvds but that is a topic for another se ) . the stock video player plays h . 264 . mp4 videos well ( here are the supported formats ) . you can actually just use the iphone/ipod preset in handbreak , just change the width of the video to the height dimension of your phone ( so you can watch it in landscape , on the droid it is 854 px ) . it will output a . m4v format which technically is not supported but it will play because it is not drm'd by itunes . if you prefer another format like . avi , then you will need another player like rockplayer which supports many more video formats : avi mkv rmvb mp4 mov wmv asf wma wav mpg ts mpa dvd au mp3 mid ivf aiff ogm ogg cda flic d2v aac roq flac drc dsm swf pls pmp
meridian is a pretty popular media player .
' re ' download the movie on line and just copy the divx files to your phone . most movies should just work with the default movie player ( which is really great on the sgs ) ripping a movie takes a lot of time/knowledge just downloading it is easy and probably faster .
you can try foxreal dvd ripper , which can convert any dvd to samsung galaxy s easily . what is more , it customize the best video format for samsung galaxy s to help u get the best visual experience , you can try it , good luck !
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
since the answer from gsteinert is a little bit outdated , i will try to give an update : tl ; dr apps on tablet will go to the same filter process as apps on phones on the market . apps that appear on tablets follow the same filtering rules as with phones . developers are given the ability to set attributes for their app in the , so called , manifest . for example : if an app declares that it is , for whatsoever reason , only compatible with small screen sizes , it will not show up on the market on a tablet with greater screen sizes . note that this case is very rare , because most apps that are only designed for small screens will either be upscaled or just use a small amount of the screen . there is also a way to declare an app for honeycomb tablets only .
again an update , as meanwhile flow 's answer also got a little outdated ( lol ) : if you want to filter for good tablet optimized apps , for one there are specialized apps like tablified market or tablet market to help you out . on the other hand , google started to work on this issue meanwhile . so you find a tab titled featured apps for tablets at least on the google play website . for details on this , you might also wish to read google play tablet apps getting special designation ; according to that article , the google play store is now only showing tablet-optimized apps in its top lists when accessed through a tablet .
the pda:na1 firmware is kitkat 4.4.2
android no longer natively supports moving apps to sd card . some manufacturers that ship phones with sd card slot ( like samsung , for example ) often do include this functionality . apparently sony is not one of these manufacturers , so you will not be able to use your sd card for app storage with their stock firmware . if you decide to root your device , you will be able to use apps such as link2sd to move apps to your sd card . note that you will need to re-partition your sd card ( and re-format it ) in a special way to be able to take advantage of this feature . you will also not be able to easily swap the sd cards in and out , as it will become an " extension " of your phone 's internal memory .
can you enter into recovery of download mode ? as your phone is booting up , ( right after the phone vibrates ) , press and hold on volume up and home to enter recovery . volume down and home to enter download . if you can enter either of these , there may still be some hope by flashing back your stock verizon rom through odin . otherwise , you will need to send it in for servicing .
try this : hold the volume down button in earpod while inserting
a good application to do that is the samba filesharing . it shares your sdcard , making it easy to transfer files from/to your phone . settings after installing the application from google play , open it and fill a password by touching the password menu . the default username is sdcard and the default workgroup is workgroup . you can leave it that way or change it in a way that suits you . i would recommend enabling and selecting your wifi in the wifi white list . that way it only enables samba sharing when connected to your preferred network . that done , you only have to go to your network shares and look for a device called android . login name : sdcard pw : ( the one you defined earlier ) open the shared folder and it will ask again for credentials , and you are done . here you have a video that completes this information .
ok i feel incredibly stupid now . i had entered the sim card upside-down ( the " cut corner " was looking " down " instead of " up" ) . once i rotated the card 180 degrees on the z axis everything seems to be dandy . in my defense i must say that the the i9000 sim port does not enforce the " correct " sim position in any way ; it has a small engraving that i just did not see when removing the card the first time , and that is all . but the card fits both ways . i will close this question as soon as i am able to .
how are you " evoking " this functionality ? video conferences do no appear from the ether . try a video conferencing app , perhaps -- like qik , fring , or yahoo ! messenger .
there have been reported problems with qik on the galaxy tab , particularly no option to start a chat . try to download something from vcast apps or try oovoo . sorry for not giving any links but i am on my droid and my latest cm update is acting crazy closing my browser w/o warning .
as matt mentions , you can long-press the home button to see the 6 or 8 most recent apps . i have also seen itching thumb suggested here before . as matt also mentions , there are task manager apps . one is advanced task killer ( or advanced task killer froyo even ) which can be configured to switch to the open app rather than killing it . btw , if you search for whether you should use atk to kill apps , you will see a lot of advice telling you it is not needed for froyo . i had not heard of atk froyo until now , so i do not know what makes it different than the original atk .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
my personal solution would be to use widgetlocker and put a widget on the lockscreen , such as the built-in ics calendar widget . but that is just me : )
glad to see someone else with the same ambition , however , i just received a samsung wep870 headset and it is not behaving any different . according to samsung support , in order to use a headset in the first place , the headset must support a2dp . perhaps someone else well have some luck making this work .
what i found out is that bt supports two channels . ( and the htc desire hd or evo4 ) supports it well : 1 phone audio ( which my android connects to my navi , which has an built-in phone supporting bt kit and confcall quality speaker ) 2 media audio ( which my android connects to my fm rebroadcaster so i can pick it up on my cars ' older radio , e.g. when i play podcasts , but still being able to have a phonecall : the media automatically stops playing , and i can touch the navi to pick up the call ) i assume now , that skype works intimately with the phone , on the media audio channel . a paired , connected bt audioset , will most likely broadcast phone audio capability , and skype will be none the wiser . . . floris .
also from the skype community forum unofficial android faq : q . why wont my bluetooth headset work with skype . a . at this time skype doesnt support bluetooth devices . i am unable to comment on when or if this will be added
i just got a jawbone icon and it is working perfectly with all tab features and skype mobile on my tab and my husband 's droid x . skype even rings to the bt headset . my tab is on verizon if that matters to anyone .
i have a sony stereo bluetooth that is working on all the audio apps so far , including skype . it is the ( sony ) dr-bt10cx . i hope this helps . fardroid
i also have the proble second problem , and i found the skype staff said :skype doesnt currently support routing the audio to a bluetooth device . http://forum.skype.com/index.php?showtopic=726263st=0gopid=3271265 maybe this is the reason . . .
there are multiple things which can be done : device encryption ( to assure all your data is stored encrypted ) install anti-theft software ( to track and , if necessary , remote-wipe a lost device ) activate google 's device manager on your device ( and make sure it works , as it not always does ) to photograph the " perpetrator " , you might want to take a look at ☆ gotya ! face trap ! , which fires at failed logins ( but requires a front-facing camera to do so ) : one of the most well known anti-theft solutions is e.g. included with lookout security and antivirus , but the playstore offers a lot of alternatives to this . for keeping a copy of your important data off-device , you might use some cloud synchronization service ( or a similar thing to sync with your own machine ( s ) at home ) . when storing data in the cloud , you might prefer using encryption ; wuala is one possible solution which encrypts your data before it is transfered into the cloud .
unless your phone have two sim card slots , support as you require is not possible . the market has adapters which goes into the existing sim card slot of phone and will help you to switch between sims after shutdown . the only advantage of using this instead of swapping sims by conventional way is to keep both sims together with phone and reduce wear and tear on the sim slot . samsung and other manufactures have dual sim phones which have two sim slots and the phone can be configured accordingly for usage . having said that , watch out for terminologies like dual active , dual standby . unfortunately confusion prevails even in manufacturer 's web sites . so , to be sure try the behaviour before you buy . you can read about these in the wikipedia .
if my understanding of your question is correct , your current system-cropped wallpaper is located at /data/system/users/0 under a filename of wallpaper .
check if you have set up date right ! i have just observed that the date was set to 01.01.1980 and changed it to the current date and everything started working right .
i found a nice solution with hacker 's keyboard it is free available in the google store and you can choose between many keyboard languages . the nicest thing for me is that , even if i choose the croatian language , i can still easily write german umlauts , which i need as i live in switzerland .
this will remove all data like contacts and images stored in phone memory , apps with their saved data etc . but you will be able to use you phone . 1 ) press volume down key + power key simultaneously keep pressing until android symbol appears ( triangle box ) . 2 ) leave the keys . 3 ) press ( volume up ) button for menu options to appear . 4 ) select ( wipe data/ reset factory ) option . 5 ) press power key to select the chosen option . this will make the phone as it was , when you first took it out from the box .
if you took a backup of your rom before updating , then you can restore the backup . alternatively , if your phone is rooted then you can download a stock jelly bean rom from somewhere like xda and flash it .
for some apps , you could buy it on your account , then give them the apk , but this will not work for all apps , as many of them contact the market to make sure they have been paid for . that also might not be entirely legal . at the moment , i think the only option you really have is just to give them the money to buy it .
apps are tied to the account ; so while the app may work they would not be able to get it back if they uninstalled it , reset the phone , etc . there is no simple , good way to do what you want currently .
i had the same problem . i changed in the google voice settings to only use it for international calls , which fixed the problem . when dialing out using google voice , i can not get the auto extension feature to work , unfortunately
i had the same issue . i am with telus and had a v1 sim card . after cutting it into a micro sim everything seemed to work . except auto dial for extensions . eg . 1-555-556-7899 , , 123 i replace the sim with a v3 . issue resolved . sim card was to old strangely enough .
building cyanogenmod requires developers tools and knowledge in actually converting the program source into binary code designated for your selected device/handset . installing cyanogenmod is just putting the actual zip of the rom onto the sdcard and flashing it via clockworkmod recovery which performs the install and prepares the environment on next reboot , this is somewhat , a once-off operation , unless you are into flashing roms on a regular basis .
you should check with the manufacturer of your device if they have an official upgrade available . if so , they will either provide the download ( with installation instructions ) themselves , or forward you to your carrier 's support . if there is no official upgrade , your only option is to find out if there are any 3rd-party roms available from android community developers . best places to look for such roms are xda-developers forums or rootzwiki , for example . keep in mind that installing custom roms usually involves modifications to your phone that will void your warranty with the carrier and/or manufacturer .
tasks works great for me . it has a free and paid version .
astrid works fine with google tasks . it syncs with google tasks and can work offline .
i have been using irt gtasks outliner that gives you an offline outliner that syncs with gtasks . it is currently in beta but have been quite stable for the month or so i have used it .
virtually any of the apps in the play store which interact with google tasks will have this functionality . that said , i have been using and quite happy with google tasks organizer . ( there is also a free " lite " version . )
gtasks allows you to work with you task list offline on your phone and then sync when you have internet as do most task managers that sync with google tasks . i have never tried any of the others but i can say from experience that gtasks works well .
it can if you turn the function on in the settings . in the settings menu there is an option for " gps " , that when checked turns on geotagging : via gsm arena and careace
i just did a reset of all camera settings and the geotagging disappeared . since this is what i wanted , i am happy . when i bought it it was off ( i think ) and it got turned on sometime last month .
there is no setting in the camera phone for gps on my galaxy s gt19000 . i disabled everything in Settings &gt; location and security . it was still geotagging my photos , and i could not work out how it was doing that . but if you go to applications &gt; local , it was here for me . just visit the Settings section . nasty .
if your device is rooted , you could give wireless tether for root users a try . according to an article on e-how . com , this app also features a mac-filter , allowing you to exactly define which devices are permitted on your hotspot : wireless tether provides wpa encryption , the latest wireless security standard , and allows for mac address filtering , letting you screen devices without having to constantly monitor your phone . ( edit : according to the app 's own description , wpa/wpa2 is available on supported devices only , whatever those " supported devices " may be ) for the default hotspot shipping with android , you might want to star this issue at google code , which requests exactly the feature you are looking for ( mac filtering ) .
from what i understand - if you use a strong password in either wpa-psk or wpa2-psk it is more or less " unbreakable " . even if you use a legacy cipher like tkip you still need to intercept the 4 way handshake to get the authentication packets . when you gotten that , then the hashed string need to be brute forced . android hotspots running wpa2-psk will use the aes cipher by default unless told otherwise by the device requesting access . so as long as you force both of your computers to run aes and pick a strong password . you should not worry about the neighbours cracking your wifi ; ) recommendations regarding the password : do not use any words that can be found in a dictionary mix letters , capitol letter , numbers , ! "#¤% and / ( ) = ? @£$€ [ ] {} ( the more randomness the better ) the length of password should probably be at least 10 characters long , if you follow the advice above then the longer the better : ) newer android phones can filter by mac and hide the ssid ( my samsung galaxy siii can ) - but that is more or less security by obscurity with the tools out there today . basic sniffing tools can find hidden networks and mac addresses can easily be spoofed :/ toms hardware did an article about it last year , link to article - they show cpu and gpu based cracking , the later is the de facto standard these days .
sim cards only support one number for each contact , so you should be better off exporting the contacts on your micromax device as contacts . vcf ( export to sd card / something like that ) and opening the vcf on your moto g to commence import .
move them in another way for example you can sync your contacts with your gmail account and when you add your gmail account to the moto g the contacts will be automatically trasfered this is the best way you can also try wondershare mobiletrans
the gpsfix app is known for this kind of spam ( see its comments on the playstore ) , even antivirus/antimalware apps classify it as adware ( taken from those comments , again ) . hence , my recommendation is : optionally post a comment on the playstore to warn other users uninstall that app delete that icon ( do not " start " it , as you cannot know where it takes you -- it might introduce more problems ) these kind of trouble-makers are no unknowns . please see the questions tagged malware to find similar reports . the playstore has enough replacement apps not offering those " unwanted side-effects " ( take e.g. a look at gps status and toolbox ) . so no need to shed any crocodile tears over that one app : )
load the kernel . zip file into the pda field of odin , and ( if you have it , should have come with odin ) load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . then flash it just like you did for the froyo rom . a stock rom is just a rom that is not modified by anyone , it came straight from samsung . if you are not using a lagfix already , you probably do not need a stock rom however . you should be able to find one easily enough in the xda subforum for your device , if you want it ; use js5 , since that is what the kernel is based on . your paid apps are recorded in your google account . you will never lose your purchase rights to them ( barring any service suspensions and that sort of thing ) . you can , however , use something like titanium backup to back them up ( requires root ) . you can back up the entire device using clockworkmod / nandroid ; look for rom manager in the market ( requires root ) . one question : why are you using that over straight voodoo ? voodoo 's perfect , and i believe supercurio has taken stock kernels and added only voodoo so you do not get any other random stuff .
ok , i managed to fix my phone . the first thing that differed about my phone from the video tutorials i watched was that when you are preparing to flash the phone , you are supposed to hold vol+ and vol- then connect the usb cable . in the video tutorials the lg logo came on at that point , but on mine it did not . i figured out that if i plugged in the cable first , then held vol+ and vol- the lg logo would come on . this was wrong . the p999 does not display the lg logo when ready to flash . hold vol+ and vol- and then connect the usb cable , wait a few seconds and then let go . your phone should be ready to flash now . if it is not , try again . secondly , this is the software you want to use to flash if you have bricked it : t-mobile g2x one-click recovery flasher . the version i found on some other websites was outdated and would not fix the problem i had mounting the sd card ( which is actually internal memory on the g2x ) . with this version i was able to boot into recovery mode , mount the sd card manually , and then flash the rom . i was able able to properly enable usb mass storage from recovery mode , which would allow you to copy a new rom to the sd card if you have somehow lost your data . the final issue i ran into was no google apps , and no ability to sync my phone to google . you can grab the google apps and flash them through recovery mode here .
i know this is late , but i have the same kind of phone , and came across the same problem . honestly , if you have that many messages and still want to delete them , the best way to do so is to set the screen fade out to never , plug it into the charger , and delete the messages while you are sleeping . by the time you wake up the loading circle will be gone , along with all the messages you deleted . hope this helps !
late reply , but i just experienced the same thing and used a different approach to fix this problem which may work for others . i am not sure what caused this issue--never really looked at my texting settings before . but below is what worked for me when restarting , and deleting data did nothing for me . i went to running applications , found the texting application ( mine was multi-touch keyboard ) , selected it , went to settings , changed the input method to " swype " , then closed out . this stopped the keyboard from locking whenever i went to input txt into any application .
handcent sms is the most oft-recommended sms replacement app on this site , so it is probably good to try . if you have no issues with it , then i would assume it is just a buggy sms app that you have and not a deeper problem . if you do not mind losing all your messages you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , finding the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) , and clearing the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . i do not know of any app that will improve performance of the existing app , and replacing a messaging app can be tricky . i would recommend a custom rom that has had some of these bugs worked out . this xda topic has a good overview of roms for your device .
if you dwn load the nq smart booster app when using the app to optimize the battery , the haptic appears and u can enable or disable it accordingly , its does not appear in d settings .
i have checked the settings in my devices as i knew i have seen it somewhere . on my tabbies with 4.1.1: nothing found . my wildfire with 4.0.4 running cyanogenmod 9.1 has it in the audio/tone menu as vibrate on touch my milestone 2 ( cm7.2/gingerbread ) has it at the same place as haptic feedback lg optimus 4x ( aka lg-p880 ) running stock 4.0.3: again same place , vibrate on touch so the location of this setting seems to be quite clear -- but some manufacturers seem to have the setting removed/hidden . if your device belongs to that group , take a look at spare parts plus ! ( no ads ) , which offers this setting at the end of its main screen as haptic feedback ( the app is free and has no ads ) .
on my galaxy s3 , the haptic feedback ( vibrate when soft keys are pressed and on certain ui interactions ) is part of the sound settings . i never have them on , but to test for this question , turned it on , and performed a copy/paste operation to encounter what you felt . it was successful , so undo it by going to sound , and disabling haptic feedback .
maybe your phone does not support the app you are searching . also , some apps only can be install from certain locations ( example google listen is available in a few countries ) . from google play website all apps are going to appear , but when you try to install this apps its gonna say " this app is not compatible with your device " .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
izzy says : have you tried going to settings-> apps-> manage apps and see if you can find the download manager there ? might either be in the alphabetic order , or moved to the end of the list . tap its entry , tap the " enable " button . bassmadrigal says : it should be under settings -> apps -> all at the bottom of the list ( if you have multiple apps disabled , it will be sorted alphabetically below all the enabled apps ) . just click on it and click the enable button .
go to settings > apps then scroll to the right . you will see a few tabs : downloaded running , all disabled ( if any of your apps are disabled ) in the disabled tab find the download manager and enable it .
the official google+ app requires android 2.1 or newer , and as the market share for 1.6 and older is now vanishingly small , and getting smaller by the day ( at time of writing the combined market share of 1.5 + 1.6 is 3.6% ) it is unlikely to be modified to work on older oss . similarly unless there is a dev who is also stuck on 1.6 himself and desperate to use google+ , a market share like that is barely worth most devs efforts to create a 3rd party app if there is features in newer platform versions that would make things easier for them . your best bet is to use the web interface at http://google.com/+ as the google+ for mobile page specifically states that that is compatible with android 1.5 and up .
mhhh . . . this is gonna be impossible / tricky . . . i would say : a ) check if you have any custom rom developed for your phone ( cyanogen and co ) so you can upgrade not officially your android version b ) wait for seesmic and similar application to support google+ and use one of those c ) use the web version ( but i suppose you do not like it ) if you give further information about your android i will try to be much more specific : )
you have 2 main options : 1 ) use web based google+ through your browser 2 ) or , root your phone and put a custom rom that has android v2.1 or higher . if you are willing to do the latter , then google around or search here on http://forum.xda-developers.com find your device in the master list , and try to find root and rom instructions there . chances are , if you have a g1 , my touch , cliq or any of the old devices , you will find instructions on how to get a 2.1+ rom happy rooting ! : )
lars aronsson over at androinica seems to think you can using an app called silent boot ( though others disagree ) . also suggested is android assistant which is supposed to automatically turning down the system volume before the phone power cycles . i have not tried any of them personally - give ' em a try , ymmv .
either you can use a root browser like es explorer or even easier is to add a folder on sd denoting what you wish to use it for ie . ringtone , alarm , ui , notification
add a folder named ' ringtones ' to your sd card . add your ringtone files to that folder . in the same manner add folders named ' notifications ' , ' alarms ' etc
navigation has always been a part of the google maps application . the icon was essentially a convenience shortcut , but not a separate app , and was removed around july 2013 in the maps 7.0 update . it is possible you still had the old version of maps on your other rom . either that , or the rom author added some kind of shortcut " app " to re-create the old navigation icon or something of that nature . if you want to use your phone to navigate somewhere , open google maps and type the address in the search bar , then hit the button in the bottom right ( the exact text/icon may vary depending on distance ) . if you really want the separate navigation icon , you could possibly downgrade to a version of maps earlier than 7.0 . a custom launcher could also let you create a shortcut directly to the navigation activity on your desktop , but probably not in the app drawer . apex launcher , for example , can create a shortcut on your home screen by long pressing on an empty space on one of your home screens , then selecting Shortcuts -&gt; Activities -&gt; Maps -&gt; Navigation .
you can not install directly to the sd card . in many cases you can move much of the app and its data to the sd card , but the os and the app have to support it . even then , you need to install normally and then move it .
you can not install a app to sd unless your phone have internal storage but u can move the data of your desired app . for that follow this : _= open setting> more> app manager> hen open the apps you want to move to sd card then then select move to sd storage
ok so i found the solution . it was stuck in a bootloop . instructions can be found here . bootloop problem pull your battery ( if you are already in your recovery skip to step 3 ) use your hardware buttons to boot your phone into amon-ra or clockwork recovery ( google to find out how if you are unsure ) use your hardware buttons to boot your phone into amon-ra or clockwork recovery ( google to find out how if you are unsure ) download your rom ( update-xx . zip ) onto your pc - this will probably still be on your sd card place the rom ( update-xx . zip ) on the root of your sd card . this can be done through your recovery by selecting " mounts and storage " from the " home " menu of the recovery . then selecting " mount usb storage " from recovery select " install zip from sd card " select it by pressing your trackball/ action button select " choose zip from sd card " ( this may vary depending on the recovery used ) select it by pressing the trackball/action button locate the rom ( update-xx . zip ) you placed on the root of your sd . select it by pressing the trackball/action button , confirm your selection . after the install is completed successfully , hit the back button to the " home " menu of your recovery choose " wipe data/factory reset " select it with the trackball/action button , confirm your selection . once the wipe is complete . use the menu to reboot your device . you will need to reinstall the google apps suite ( market ect )
have you enabled javascript in Settings -&gt; Advanced -&gt; Enable JavaScript ? the site works normally for me on ics stock browser on my galaxy s .
it turns out my probably was solved by something as simple as clearing my cache . which makes me feel pretty stupid , because i should have done that before even bothering to ask . i never suspected this could happen straight out of the box , guess i was wrong .
it is going to depend on the device . each carrier/manufacturer likes to add their own apps and widgets . some even pre-load multimedia files for you . so , this question really can not be answered . ( most definitive answer would be to just get the file sizes of the stock android roms . )
i doubt it , since it is proprietary ; android by default only supports these codecs . it is not required for the speakers to work though , as far as i can tell .
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here . copied from bryan denny 's answer to another question .
if you do not want to/can not install the market on your tablet , you can download the . apk file for an app either directly from a website on your tablet or download it on your pc and then transfer it to your tablet . after that you can use any file manager to navigate to the apk and then click on it to install it ( you have to have third party app installation turned on ) . i usually get my apks at android community for devs
something like that would have to be done in a custom rom , there is no way in the api to do that . i would suggest looking at something like widget locker to put a slider on your lock screen that takes you straight to your voice recorder app .
the icon refers to that contact 's " availability": green : available . you are online and ready to chat . yellow : idle . your status automatically changes to idle when you are away from your computer for 15 minutes . you can not manually select to appear idle red : busy . this lets your contacts know you are busy and do not want to be interrupted grey : signed out of chat , or invisible . if you set your status to invisible , you will appear to be signed out of chat even when you are actually signed in . source : google chat support answer
you can use the ping utility from terminal emulator or adb shell . also : https://market.android.com/search?q=pingso=1c=apps
you have lost the efs file that contains the serial number
sipdroid that i what started with but after researching on it and from developers reviews i found that application has some missing functionality like multiple call and transferring calls etc . . . i do not know but may who is expert in sip stack or have time to do can implement missing functionality but i am neither one of them so my desire to get an application that have all this functionality and by modifying it i can integrate into my application and csipsimple is the answer . however its not easy job to build csipsimple into windows environment but there is hack how to do it . so carefully read its wiki about building project into window environment . according to wiki you can build native library or you can go ahead without building the native library . i suggest for windows user to go with without building the native library . if you have read wiki then in " without building the native library " section last line is like " to get the . so files , download latest nightly build from nightly build website and unpack the apk file ( apk files are just zip files ) . then get lib/arch/ . so files and copy it into csipsimple libs/arch/ . so " i have to clarify one important thing about that : first get . apk file of csipsimple . the version of . apk file must same to download version of your csipsimple source code . . here , you can see the source code version . download the same version . apk and do further as described in wiki .
once you transfer files to your nexus 7 use one of these apps to get to the files : solid explorer or es file explorer explained here : http://forums.androidcentral.com/google-nexus-7-tablet-2012/201344-how-view-files.html next step : to view on the html file on your nexus 7 use the html viewer app . would love a quicker solution , but this works !
i do have such profiles runnning just fine . when you define the context for the profile , you need to set an event and not a state for a certain variable set or variable clear .
this is the entire purpose of the guardian project . follow their progress - they are working on applications at the moment but they are doing good work and they are attempting to make an android version with transparent encryption .
apps typically write to the application storage area which is located in the phone memory , not to the sd card . android 3 and later devices can perform encryption of the complete phone memory . in order to enable this feature , press settings -> security and there press encrypt phone . you must have a lock screen pin or password set up for this to work .
for anyone who stumbles upon this topic . motorola seems to offer a solution for full storage encryption of internal and sd card . link : https://motorola-enterprise.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/57094
as of july 2014 , i have found the following options for sd card encryption : boxcryptor - not open source ; developed by german company ; supports sync with cloud storage ; unclear if they have received a backdoor request cryptonite - open source ; supports mounting truecrypt volumes ; no backdoor request yet
" secureexchange " " com . data . secureexchange " is an application which encrypts/decrypts your private data
the samsung galaxy s has the ability to support a non standard filesystems . hacking a filesystem together with encryption should be possible but probably takes a lot of time and as far as i know isnt available off the shelf atm .
android 2.2 is now available for your device , which includes voice search : http://archosfans.com/2010/11/30/froyo-firmware-2-0-54-for-gen8-released-2/
do you mean the google voice search ? if so , i think it is only available on selected countries . here on brazil , it was unavailable until some weeks ago , when it was released on android market . this page shows where it is available : http://www.google.com/support/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=170820
finally tried this , it is quicker to do the following : select the contact name from the favorites widget ( the icon performs the action , the name shows you their details ) . select menu > more . select set widget action . select call , text , etc .
i have found you can use fastboot without affecting cwm . sudo /path/to/fastboot boot boot.img  or sudo /path/to/fastboot flash:raw boot /path/to/zImage /path/to/ramdisk.img 
the required part of a kernel . zip file looks like this : META-INF com google android update-binary updater-script  you will also want to have the kernel zImage file somewhere else , easiest if you just have it in the root of the archive . updater-script contains the following at minimum ( assumes zImage in the root ) : assert(package_extract_file("zImage", "/tmp/zImage"); write_raw_image("/tmp/zImage", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p8"); delete("/tmp/zImage") );  you can also do things like show a progress bar , print messages , wipe /cache , and so on . you will want to grab update-binary from another kernel package for the sgs2 . one at random is attached to this xda post . i tested this method on my sgs vibrant without issue , using a kernel from an odin package and an update-binary from another vibrant kernel . zip . note that this is perfectly safe as long as you are writing to the correct partition -- for the vibrant it was bml17 , for the sgs2 it appears to be mmcblk0p5 ( based on the kernel from xda i linked above ) or mmcblk0p8 if you are flashing an entire boot image ( see comments below ) . you will want to verify it for sure . worst case your kernel does not work and you flash a known good one .
try tapping on the name of the folder when the folder is open ( in this case " folder" ) . you may have to do a long-press .
if you want to install whatsapp on a new phone , you have to make a backup on the old phone , then copy the whatsapp directory on the new phone , install whatsapp and when prompted choose to recover from existing backup . when you start the app for the first time the directory with the backup must already be there , otherwise you will not be prompted to recover .
yes . whatsapp messenger offers backup and restore options . you can backup your chats to an encryted file ( now * . db . crypt5 ) or restore chats from backup file back to your android . but restoring history from a backup would wipe your current chats with those in the backup . if you want to switch history from old phone ( backup file ) to a new phone , try a 3rd party tool named backuptrans android whatsapp transfer . it provides a simple way to merge chats between android phones . good luck !
i had the same problem , but found out that disabling handle http in the ebookdroid settings fixes the issue .
since ebookdroid is open source , i took a quick glance at the androidmanifest . xml , the pertinent information is this part , between lines 24 and 33: the keyword ( s ) is in the intent filter 's category android.intent.category.BROWSABLE and the android:scheme="http" with both of these , the app " listens " on the http/https both web , plain and secure and among others such as smb for samba file shares , etc , for the content links that contains the pdf , djvu and others , identified by the lines between 35 and 43: this will explain why the app hijacks any browser downloads and thusly that automatically opens all pdf links instead of letting me download them why not post an issue on the same site to let the developer know about this ?
try checking the " drafts " folder on both your phone and via the web interface for gmail ; if it is in there , you can just delete it .
try checking the " drafts " folder on both your phone and via the web interface for gmail ; if it is in there , you can just delete it . failing that , a reboot may clear things out . if not , try clearing the app 's cache manually by going in to Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications , touching the All tab , and scrolling down to the name of your email program . touch it to call up the app management tools , and then touch the Clear cache button . do not touch the Clear data button or it will delete all your account settings , too .
digital , you need to be more clear about your intentions . what are you trying to telnet to/from ? if you want to telnet to your phone , it is not as easy as running telnet on your computer by entering your phone 's ip address . you have to run a telnet server on the phone -- otherwise the connection is refused . the best way to tell if you are actually rooted is by using terminal emulator . when you run term you will see a "$" , this is a user prompt , where you type in commands . the "$" means you are a normal user , not root . however , if you type " su " and hit enter and you end up with a "#" prompt , that means you are superuser ( root ) . if you can successfully get a superuser prompt , you are properly rooted . ( you might get a superuser permissions request for term when you first run " su" ) . once you are on a superuser prompt you can run a telnet/ssh server ( telnet is not recommended , as it is insecure ) . to see if you have an ssh server installed on your phone ( you should already if you run a mod , otherwise you will probably have to install one manually ) , type the following command ( as root ) in term : find / -name dropbear  it should return "/system/xbin/dropbear " , unless your mod has a slightly different filesys structure , in which case it might return a slightly different string , or error out altogether . if you do have dropbear , you can continue reading ( otherwise install dropbear first , then continue from here ) . now , as root in term ( make sure you have the "#" prompt , or type " whoami " to see what your username is ) , enter the following commands one at a time ( stop if any give an error ) . be very cautious when entering commands as root ! make sure you type everything exact including proper case . if the above commands were successful enter the following commands to complete the process : sync mount -o remount,ro -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system  you now have ssh server capability on your android device . note that this does not mean you are running and ssh server at this point , only that you are capable . to run your ssh server , first enter the following ( again , as root ) in term : dropbear -p WANIP  ( replace " wanip " with the external ip of your phone -- the ip you want to ssh in to ) your ssh server should now be running . you can check this by typing : ps|grep dropbear  it should return a line that ends with the word " dropbear " note depending on your version of android or mod , some of these steps may vary . if you encounter a problem ( dropbear does not run , or you can not ssh in ) , first check if dropbear is still running ( above command ) and then run " dropbear -e " to see why it will not start if it is not running . i am more than willing to answer any further questions you may have . happy hacking !
afaik , mostly port 1-1024 on android phone are reserved for system , so the application other than system must use port > 1024 . i never use telnet , but i used ssh frequently to remote my phone , i use ssh server on phone using http://teslacoilsw.com/quicksshd maybe you can use ssh as an alternative to telnet .
first off , read this thread on xda forums to make sure you are properly rooted . if you are positive you are properly and fully rooted then what app are you using ? i have never heard of the app telnet . try swiftp . it is easily configurable and has always worked on my rooted devices .
facebook go to settings> sync contacts> remove facebook data skype settings> sync contacts> do not sync gmail not all devices allow to delete gmail contacts from phone , but you can always hide them doing like this . open contacts> right tap> more options> display settings> google> uncheck all groups .
choose ' contacts ' , than ' keypad ' and start entering the phone number . on my galaxy s running froyo 2.2.1 this displays a dropdown box with a number of how many numbers start with the characters entered .
htc 's sense ui gives you this functionality out of the box . in the phone app if you start typing the phone number , it will filter your contacts that include either that number , or the contact 's name via t9 representation . if you are not running sense iu , i suggest trying 3rd-party apps that imitate the htc dialer functionality . try dialer one or acontacts , for example .
kernel panic when a kernel panic occurs all user space programs are immediately stopped , preventing a user from detecting the cause of the panic : logcat ; dmesg and /proc/kmsg will do you no good . you can still check the /data/dontpanic/ folder for any files present , like : apanic_console or apanic_threads kernel boot method of logging kernel messages : invoke " dmesg": see it as it happens : # adb shell dmesg  direct to a file on your sdcard and see it later # adb shell dmesg &gt;/mnt/sdcard/dmesg.txt  " tail " the kernel if " syslogd " and /var are available : # adb shell cat /proc/kmsg  dump the kernel file /proc/kmsg: # adb shell cat /proc/kmsg  note : you may need to issue su to gain permissions over some files if you are stuck with an error message . alternatively , removing shell from the command will execute it on the computer side , not on the phone . references stackoverflow answer from eldarerathis to " can i get logcat logs after phone reboots ? " bootloader how to get kernel messages from android ? flashmyandroid how to get logcat and dmesg outputs for trouble shooting ! stackoverflow android : how to get kernel logs after kernel panic ? stackoverflow shutdown log in android
apparently , google now uses the " my calendars " section of google calendars . when my wife 's calendar was shared with me , i was granted " make changes and manage sharing " rights . this puts the calendar into " my calendars " for both users ' calendars . when i changed it to " make changes to events " on my wife 's sharing tab , the calendar moves from " my calendars " to " other calendars " for my account and i no longer get notifications in google now for that calendar .
instead of synchronizing her calendar to your phone , try setting her calendar " shared " and then subscribing to it from your own google calendar . when you subscribe , i believe you can set it to not pull in the reminders .
i have my own galaxy s3 and i found that this solution worked great for me : go to your gs3’s dialer and dial *#0011# now you have to hit the left menu button when you see the “service mode” screen choose wifi turn off the “wifi power save mode” button if its on now exit this menu . turn off and turn on your wifi . re-enter the network info if you have already entered it before .
this looks like a corrupted file . you most probably pulled the cable before everything was written to disk . compare original and copied file by calculating both md5sums and see if they match : open office ' site has a comprehensive guide how to do that on windows and linux ( same on macos ) . http://www.openoffice.org/dev_docs/using_md5sums.html
i solved it by downloading es file explorer from the play store ( it is free ) , then put the videos that will not copy in a zip file - which you copy to your android device and extract them there . i successfully played those videos using the vlc beta version .
i think google+ profile pictures have to be chosen by the people themselves . your google contacts are private to you while their profile picture on their public profile is public . in their profile information you will see private contact data as well , but it is explicitly mentioned and are additional . i do not think their is a way to do so because it just is not meant to be done .
try deleting it from your google contacts . if it is not in your google contacts , it probably came from another source , like facebook or twitter . you should also be able to hide contacts that do not have a phone number , so as a last ditch effort , that may be good enough for you .
ics has issues on some devices with wireless-n . my acer a500 works properly , but my 2 xperia phones kill my router instantly if i use the n-draft protocol . so , try deactivating n-draft mode in your android device or your router , then it sohuld work .
assuming that dropbox is not blocked , then maybe a note-taking or todo type app that syncs with dropbox could help ? for instance epistle or todo . txt touch alternately do you have wifi at work that your phone can connect to ? you could use the wifi keyboard app that lets you type or paste from the pc straight into whatever text box is currently active on the phone . there are also apps that do the same over bluetooth if that is a better option ( though i have not personally used them ) . see this previous answer for some similar connectivity options .
you might want to look at clipbird . it can sync clipboards between your pc and your phone . you do not really need to do anything special , it will just sync them up .
you need evernote ! http://www.evernote.com/ they have a web interface and an android app . it is really pretty fantastic !
at last i found the answer to the dumb issue i have had , whereby the wifi scan " hangs " and never sees local wifi . set wifi on during sleeps - always , best wifi - off and auto-disconnect - off . think it is the last setting which cleared my issue .
as described above , the freezing does not occure during the first connection after reboot . therefore , i was able to open the advanced settings in the wifi menu after a reboot . there , i changed following settings : keep wifi on during sleep -> always best wifi performance -> off auto-disconnect -> off since then , the problem has not appeared . the phone was on a mobile network many times ( when i was outside of reach ) , and it logs on without problems when i return to the reach of a known network . no freezing any more . i do not know which one of the three settings changed anything , because i did not try any combinations . i am just happy that the problem disappeared after weeks of slow mobile internet only .
i am using the same version of the os on my htc one x and i have never had this problem before . so i am thinking this is maybe a problem concerning the hardware of your phone . maybe you should contact htc for this problem . they can probably help you some more . but you could always try to do a hard factory reset ( this is something which htc support will ask to do too ) . because an update does not really reset anything . a factory reset should reset all settings , this to make sure it is not a problem of your settings . before you do a factory reset , make sure you have a backup of everything .
developer update the app , and it works now .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
currently there is no avahi daemon on android and open ticket #354 at avahi tracker , where there are attached patches , needs to be addressed to make a build for android possible . you can try to build it manually , if really needed .
a faster clock frequency will let your phone go faster , but it comes with some costs . the power use of the cpu is ( roughly ) proportional to the square of the clock frequency , so increasing from 600 mhz to 1600 mhz will use 2.5 times as much power . on top of that , that power gets turned into heat , so it'll be producing heat 2.5 times as quickly as well . your phone will automatically slow the processor down if it gets too hot , so it may be that turning up the max clock speed actually makes the cpu slower overall - because it has to keep " throttling back " to avoid overheating . changing the cpu frequency does not make anything else faster but the cpu . that is , if you are trying to play a graphics-intensive game , it might not get faster because it is limited by the gpu speed ; or if you are doing things on the web , your internet connection will not get any faster . in this particular case , you are asking about changing the frequency within the design limits . this ought to be safe , but some mods and custom roms let you genuinely over-clock the processor faster than it was designed to go , or to change how and when the power management reduces the clock frequency . using techniques like this can cause serious overheating , enough to permanently damage the phone 's hardware . be very cautious if you should decide to experiment .
setting frequency to high end may cause problems like . 1 . heating up phone . 2 . burn battery . 3 . even you may damage your phone completely . over-clocking frequency will speed up your phone 's performance .
android is a linux too , so a simple example : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings &amp; 
have a look at qemu . apparently it is known to run on arm . running xp ( if it even works ) is probably not going to be a pleasant experience due to what is noted by chris herbert and the probable lack of a screen/pointer driver . if you really want to do it maybe wait for the intel atom ( x86 ) based tablets . there should be some atom based windows 8 tablets about now . the androids are coming soon .
virtualbox uses virtualization , which is not possible when the host device ( android tablet ) uses a different cpu architecture than the guest device ( x86 pc running windows xp ) . since your android tablet almost certainly has an arm cpu , the x86 cpu would have to be emulated , which is massively slower than virtualization . it does not seem like it would be practical at all .
i found this link to be useful . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=775911 essentially , you have to remove the battery , sim card and the microsd card . then wait for a while and put everything back and connect the phone to the pc running kies recovery . it worked for me , although its not clear to me what really clicked it .
from what you have written it appears that your phone has been " bricked . " the computer that you were using to perform your kies update via the usb connection was not capable of handling the update and unfortunately your phone has become inoperable .
from the comments it sounds like you have gotten back to download mode , so that is good . if not , try different button combinations in conjunction with battery removes and being plugged/unplugged into usb . something should get you there . once you are in download mode you are probably going to need odin to fix your device . you can use my instructions here for odin .
hard to say without knowing which device and firmware version we are talking about , so what follows is my speculation . i have a garmin nuvi which continues navigating in a tunnel , turns and all , despite losing its satellite reception . mine does not switch to night mode , but it clearly knows it is in a tunnel from the map data . since loss of reception is a given in a tunnel , the device must be dead-reckoning while it is in there . ( re-broadcasting is out because it would affect the signal timing which is key to calculating a fix ) . in fact , i have tested this by entering a tunnel fast and decelerating once inside it . the device alerted that it had lost reception and continued to display my entry speed , " passing " turnouts and the tunnel exit before i did . from that , i inferred that the firmware was using map information , possibly cross-checked with loss of satellite lock , to know when i have entered a tunnel .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync , select your corporate ( exchange ) account , and uncheck sync calendar .
try updating your jawbone 's firmware and see if that fixes it . you can also try installing jawbone companion and see if that helps . it does not have the og droid listed as being compatible when i click on install on the google play site , it has my og droid as one of the options so it is worth a shot .
it is possible , there are apps available that are designed for enterprise use such as surelock and mobicontrol ( go to device lockdown policy on this page ) that will restrict users to allowed applications only .
yes , these apps are called " device administrators " . you use the device administration api to write device admin applications that users install on their devices . the device admin application enforces the desired policies . a system administrator writes a device admin application that enforces remote/local device security policies . these policies could be hard-coded into the app , or the application could dynamically fetch policies from a third-party server .
the root method in the link is not compatible with android 4.0.4 . before you root - be sure you know what you are doing . to root the lucid 4g on 4.0.4 you can try the following method : http://theunlockr.com/2013/06/16/how-to-root-the-lg-lucid-4g-bin4ry-method/ but choose " xperia root by cubeundcube " instead of " normal mode "
go to settings and turn on bluetooth . click menu button and you will see the option Show received files . alternatively every files sent via bluetooth will be stored in a folder named bluetooth in storage ( if the files are not moved ) .
there is a user interface that is providing the log/history of bluetooth sharing . to view the log you need to activate bluetooth and send any file . after sending a notification appears and by clicking it you can view the logs .
no . it comes with a couple small booklets ( see this androidspin post for example images ) but not the full user guide . ( also see this howardforums post answering your question ) .
i have a htc incredible and there is currently no v wallet . app for android . there is a mobile version of the admin site and it works for some basic functionality but does not have all the options v wallet carries . u can get to the regular or full site via the internet but runs slow and is very difficult to manage the v wallet functions . hope his helps
it is actually very usable ! i use it all the time and am quite pleased with it . the interface is slightly different then the desktop site but you can tell that it was redesigned to run on mobile phones . just go to pnc . com and log in , it will auto-detect that you are on a mobile browser and load the mobile version of the site . i was a little upset at first that there was no pnc app for android but after using their mobile site i honestly do not care anymore , it is just as good as a dedicated banking app . definitely do not make your decision because there is no app the mobile site provides all the info you need , and it does not take up space on your phone . edit : i am on a droid 1 btw . just in case it does not auto detect your browser here is a link to the mobile site .
the samsung n5110 is the galaxy note 8 . the " espresso10wifi " is a galaxy tab 2 10.1 ( your device ) . it is not flashing because you are flashing the wrong file for your device .
this was fixed somehow after switching back to cyanogenmod 7.1 . sorry i do not know exactly what caused it , but for anyone with the problem , i would suggest flashing a more stable rom ( if you are rooted ) .
the crack in the glass itself can not cause the kind of problem you are describing , but it is possible that it is not just the glass that is cracked , but the touchscreen sensor . this looks like a thin , transparent plastic film under the glass . if this is damaged , it could be causing a power short or sending bad signals to the rest of the phone hardware , causing it to fail during startup . in short , from what you have described there is no way to know for sure whether replacing the touchscreen will fix the problem . an experienced phone technician might be able to examine the electrical signals and determine if the touchscreen is still working , but that is probably harder and more expensive than simply replacing it to see if it fixes it . that said , taking the phone apart to replace the screen might make it obvious by letting you see any physical damage to other internal components .
try clearing the app data and clearing the cache . to do this , go to the app view , open the menu , " manage apps " , choose " apollo " , " clear data " , and " clear cache " . this method worked for me .
apollo could be running a background service . the crash might be happening because of some broken code . this can be fixed with a fresh install try the links here : apollo
here 's an option to try : go to settings> sound> battery full notification . un-check this option and see if that fixes the issue the next time you charge your note .
install the xposed module and go into the download section . there is a module called " disable battery full alert " . try installing that module , then reboot your phone . see if it works .
first of all you need to install a sony pc companions in your pc and then connect the device through it . after this u can share , transfer the pic and docs . you can download it from sony xperia site which is easily available . rao saahil umar
most probably driver issue , following resources may help you http://talk.sonymobile.com/thread/42763?start=0tstart=0 http://www.priceandspecification.in/sony-xperia-u-pc-suite-pc-companion-software-download.html http://developer.sonymobile.com/downloads/drivers/
dlna-enabled tvs , for example , can be used as an external monitor without hdmi or any cables . i want to show my large family my vacation pics on my phone but the screen is too small for all of them to see at once . my tv should be wi-fi enabled and dlna-certified and i should have a wireless router too , obviously . connect my phone and tv* to the same wifi network coming from the same router . using the brand appropriate " device media sharing " program ** on my phone and tv i connect them to each other . now i select the video , picture or music file to play and it will be play through my home wifi network to my tv and maybe vice versa . so everyone can enjoy at once . * the same can be done with a dlna enabled music player or anything . ** media appropriate app can be found by searching up on google or youtube or any other search engine .
you can stream from android device to tv movies , music , pictures . you can access content on dlna/upnp nas , win pc with windows media player , dlna set top boxes and playback it locally . you can control all upnp/dlna devices in local network from android device . i ' ve been using arkmc for year and half . more or less it does what i want it to do . and it is dlna certified .
this app from qualcomm uses dlna to play your media from your phone : http://www.appbrain.com/app/skifta-beta/com.skifta.android.app
an android phone with dlna should be able to both send and receive . my galaxy s uses an app called allshare to manage it , and there are others like 2player in the market . i am sure you could stream to your stereo .
my further investigation indicates that the nexus 4 toolkit is not the best one to use - in fact it does not seem to work at all with 4.2.2 . instead , the nexus root toolkit seems to work well with 4.2.2 and is basically a one-click installer . download from the linked page and run it ; it will do the rest by itself and/or give you simple instructions when needed . update : i have just completed the rooting process with this tool . worked well and was simple enough . note that after completing the process , i had to download and install the Superuser app from the play store - this step was not completely evident , but simple to do .
i think you should try dropbox / google drive . it will be more flexible than running a separate server on your phone . you will be able to access you file from the cloud at any moment even if you do not have access to your cell or the battery is dead .
while there is some merit in the reply from audiophile ; apps on an sdcard should not be lost . i had a similar problem after rooting a samsung exhibit 4g ( t-sgh759 ) ; and while i found this thread i continued digging . the solution required removing the battery , then restarting ; and voila ! everything was visible from the phone on the card again . ( i used the suggestion from scotty85 in this thread --> http://androidforums.com/rezound-all-things-root/517575-cant-see-sd-card-after-root-noob.html ) if that does not work , before you do anything that might write to the card . . . as it is an sd card , you can pop it out and see if it mounts on the computer . do a search for * . apk ( those should be the application files ) . are any files visible ? it is doubtful that installing a rom would format the sd card . . . however , if you can not see any files , many companies like sandisk have free recovery software with the their higher end cards . googling you could find a download link , and try recovering the files from the sd . in my case , the files were visible when the card was mounted on the computer and not visible on the phone after rooting . titanium backup , es filemanager , and root toolbox lite all work for copying files . some care should be had before rooting , and installing roms that you have a complete backup ; as some have found a false sense of security , revealed only when they try to restore and can not ( see jason lewis ' cautionary tale --> http://myblog-online.co.uk/2011/12/a-cautionary-tale-the-dangers-of-root-and-titanium-backup/ ) it is possible to make a complete backup without rooting ; using adb from the android sdk ( see --> http://www.howtogeek.com/125375/how-to-create-a-full-android-phone-or-tablet-backup-without-rooting-or-unlocking-your-device/ ) good luck to anyone else who experiences this . d
sorry pal , i think your apps are down the drain . apps2sd does not necessarily move the apps to the sd card so that if you plugin the sd card on any phone it would work automatically , your phone still has the data of what apps are installed . if i am correct at the assumption that you are now using a new rom , your phone basically got reset . the best analogy i can think of is when you format a pc . when you install the os , all the files in the drive are still there , but the system apps and files are all brand new . what can you do in the future ? i have heard good things about titanium backup , but personally i prefer appmonster . it basically saves the apk file of an application installed so you can uninstall/install on your whim . please do note that i have never used titanium backup , but from what i hear you can restore lots of things from that app : applications , sms , contacts . not sure if it also saves the state of the apps and restores them to your phone though . so i guess you need to download all your files again . update : i went to the play store and looked at the apps2sd app and yeah , it works as i have outlined above . i looked at titanium backup too and it claims it can backup your apps and data . here 's where it hurts though : you need root access to use it . basically , the ideal way would have been to root your phone first , use titanium backup , then install the new rom .
i have found this thread on xda to very helpful . the entire forum for the transformer on xda has a lot of information .
go to settings-> about phone -> status and scroll to bottom and you will be able to see uptime . i think this feature is available on android 4+
try typing this code in your dialer : ##786# or *#*#786#*#* if that does not work , install " launcher pro " . that app can show you hidden menus of your phone , which are the same menus that those two dialer codes should bring up .
ok , so it turns out that you need a different boot . img file for the motorola xoom wifi only model than for the 3g model . click here for instructions if you have a 3g model click here for instructions if you have the wifi only model ( including how to fix it if you have already tried using the wrong boot . img and you are being stared at by a non-responsive boot screen that has the moto logo and the words ' dual core technology' )
you might want to take a look at sd maid . this app requires root for full functionality . this " cleaning made " takes care for multiple remains : a " corpse finder " checks for what an uninstalled app might have left , the " system cleaner " scans the devices known directories with unnecessary files . you can check for the biggest files on your device to free up space , and even optimize and shrink bloated databases to speed up access and free space . the app includes a file manager , and also allows you to search for files . sd maid corpse finder and system cleaner ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) edit : for more details and discussion , you might want to visit the app 's thread at xda : )
have you checked if reconnecting the lcd cable solves the issue ?
looks like a damaged lcd that is slowly " leaking out . " overheating could definitely be the culprit , as could the drop . although damage from the drop is usually accompanied with a visible crack . most likely it was the combination of the two . the fact that the phone booted up and is ( sort-of ) functional leads me to believe that replacing the lcd assembly would fix it . there are plenty of replacements to be had on ebay for up to usd$100 . i would go for the ldc+digitizer combination , even though the glass itself looks intact . there are simply too many issues with properly separating lcd from the glass that could cause you to break both and spend even more money . it is definitely doable on your own , provided you have some basic tools . there are videos on youtube with great walkthoughs to help you along the way : probably most detailed ( even though it is not on gt-i9100 , but on other modification of sgs2 ) ; some others specifically on gt-i9100 . a guide at ifixit can be also helpful .
i think this is more than enough . flashing your rom again should be more than sufficient . this not only allows fresh installations of any old apps to prevent spyware , but also dormant any other app data from existing apps to be largely overwritten or deemed as corpses . you can also perform a cleanup using sd maid just to be sure .
i did not have my android with me right now to test , but with the android terminal emulator if you go to the menu , you might be able to use the " command line " or " initial command " option .
when adb shell is executed , the android side also launches adb which then executes /system/bin/sh - . this path is hard-coded in system/core/adb/services.c: if you want to change this to bash , you will have to recompile it . it is possible to execute some commands from file when running the interactive shell . as written in system/core/sh/main.c , sh - ( note the - for interactive mode ) reads from the following files ( in this order ) : /etc/profile .profile ( relative to current directory , this is /.profile for adb shell $ENV ( environment variable ENV should point to a file ) as /etc/ and / are read-only , the only way to get something loaded was by setting ENV . you can probably create a symlink from /etc/profile to /data/profile by mounting / read-write ( exercise for the reader ) .
you are in stock recovery , not cwm recovery . cwm recovery does not verify signatures . you either failed to install the recovery properly , or you need to hit " install packages " or similar from the stock recovery in order to get into cwm .
i am no linux buff but this macworld article seems promising assuming you know the uuid for the volume and do not mind working from the terminal . the article wisely recommends backing up the volume before messing around too much . also . . . googling for android+phone+uuid is returning links which are related to programming . perhaps retrieving the uuid from an android phone is a separate question for this problem .
after some months of additional observation , i am pretty certain that the accounts disappear when the free internal space gets low , usually when i am down to 12 mb or so . presumably , android tries to free up some internal space occupied by app data , and the accounts seem to be the first to go . due to the low internal storage , i have moved all apps to the external storage , so this might as well be a factor , as izzy mentions in the comments .
there is no tool with this feature . but it is possible to crop the picture in the gallery .
i do not believe you can tag the videos themselves . you cannot actually view them in the native app either , when viewing it takes you to a video player of your choice . as far as creating a post with a video and tagging a post i am not sure about . hope this helps .
i had the same question , and found this app : battery changer . a couple of problems ( that i can overlook ) are : it does not show while the phone is locked it does not hide when another app is in full-screen mode
this xda forums thread sounds like what you are looking for . note that the apk has only been tested on froyo by the author . personally i use battery indicator pro , it can also tell you how much time is left on the battery for various usage scenarios .
you would need a custom rom to change the battery in the notification bar . that information , iirc , is in android . jar and the images are in framework-res . apk . cyanogenmod , for example , lets you remove the battery image for just the % of the battery remaining . the " other methods " are just " hacks " that change the image at every percentage level , and there has to be an image for each level . so it would need ~120 images ( to include the charging states ) . from the look of the picture you posted , you are already running a rom that has a battery mod . you would just now need to create the images you want , and modify the framework-res . apk with the new images . you may also want to go back through your older questions and mark them as answered . 25% accept rate will turn people away from even answering your question .
this is not possible . dropbox says : dropbox will not delete files from your mobile device after they are uploaded . the files on your camera , phone , tablet , or sd card will remain on your device until you remove them manually . to do this , you will need a third-party app , like dropsync .
switch to safe mode . safe mode can be activated by pressing and holding volume down button during boot up process . and then you can easily uninstall the app
make sure you have uninstalled mobo genine market . go to app , and swipe until you see " all " you will see 2 downloads icon there . the downloads with no size is the legit one . keep it , if you long press and select app info you will see that it is something related to your firmware . the 2nd downloads icon is the culprit , with a version of 2.02xx . long press it , select app info then uninstall .
disable both google voice typing ( in the keyboard menu ) as well as voice input key ( under languages ) .
if you setup both devices to use the same account ( s ) ( for example the same google account for the google apps ) , then they should both synchronize with that account and thus indirectly with each other . theoretically there could be third party apps and accounts that tie their account to a specific device , but i can not say if these actually exist .
i have one found so far paid solution , but there is a 30 day trial to check it out . http://www.rerware.com/android/ ; android app mybackup ; you can backup data and apps , both online and on sd
do not know which book reader you are planning to use , but the kindle app automatically syncs your progress through books , along with any notes and annotations you have made between devices and platforms ( via its proprietary whispersync service ) , and also lets you download the same books onto every device ( as long as you sign in wit the same account ) .
here 's how i fixed this on my htc one 1 . open settings -> apps 2 . find the mail application in the list of all applications 3 . press the " clear data " button 4 . reboot the phone . after doing this i was able to add my exchange account
i think i have encountered a similar issue before . not sure how i fixed it , but see if you have a device administrator for exchange . in the samsung galaxy s4 , it is in Settings &gt; More &gt; Security &gt; Device Administrators . uncheck / remove it there , do a restart , and see if that helps . update #1: could you also try this ? go to your application manager , and swipe to the all section . then look for the email app . click that and do a Clear data and/or Clear cache . also , look for the exchange services app , and do the same . restart , and see if that helps . update #2: based on asker 's feedback , update #1 fixed the problem . he also cleared the gmail app , although it is not necessary
the contacts themselves are synced to your phone 's internal memory , so they do take up space . the contacts are then updated every time the phone syncs with the server . if they were only in the cloud you would not be able to access them if you happen to lose the network connection , and contact lookup would be noticeably slower . also , some mobile network technologies can not maintain a voice call and data connection simultaneously , so you would not be able to match incoming calls to contacts , because the data connection would temporarily be disconnected .
enable airplane mode . wifi will work in this state .
this is possible using adb shell : $ telnet localhost 5554 Android Console: type 'help' for a list of commands OK geo fix -82.411629 28.054553 OK  please read : stackexchange-url
first of all , if you are not 100% sure which system apps you can uninstall , it is better to freeze them first ( which is supported by e.g. titanium backup and other apps ) . so if something starts behaving weird , you can simply unfreeze those apps again . as you probably have not just frozen the resp . apps , let 's move to the second option : you hopefully made a nandroid backup before starting to tamper with the system ? in that case , you can restore this backup via clockworkmod . or if you at least backed-up those apps you uninstalled ( e . g . with aforementioned titanium backup ) , you can use this to restore them again . if this is no option neither , all what remains is to check for a fresh firmware image to flash -- either stock or custom rom .
the pro version of titanium backup supports batch restore without user interaction . it is worth it .
there is no way to get at this activity other than through a settings shortcut . the code for it can be found here on github , and if you search the repository for the NotificationStation class you will find all the entry points for it : in this case , only the shortcut intent filter in the manifest . if you examine the code you will also see there is no way to remove old notifications from the list : as you can see in the screenshot , the greyed-out notifications are those you have dismissed from the ' normal ' notification tray . however , this class is mainly intended as a demo . android 4.3 adds support for any application ( with the appropriate permission ) to access and display the list of notifications . for example , a third-party launcher might want to show them , an app might want to show all notifications in a pop-up window ios-style , a live wallpaper or daydream could respond to them graphically , or a utility might analyse your phone use from the notifications ( something like tasker could trigger actions based on notifications appearing or being dismissed ) . because this is a new feature , and 4.3 is not on many devices yet , it'll be a while before third-party developers invest the time needed to offer these features , but you will not have to wait long .
you can use wireless adb ( note : root required ) to connect over wifi and then you can plug in your device to the power socket .
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
you can use a sammobile rom , but be sure that the model , the country and the original carrier match the phone as different carriers often require different radio drivers if they use different radio spectrum for bandwidth . if you do not know which carrier there are several routes you can use to determine it : find out which radio you have on your device and match it to the appropriate carrier 's find out what frequencies your current carrier uses and use that to determine the equivalent carrier for the sammobile roms the version of cm you installed should also tell you which radio is on the phone , on the cm website you can also get the information directly by dialing the code *#0011# on your phone , tho it may not be overly helpful ( gsm900 is helpful , for example , but wcdma is not - if it is wcdma you will have to look up the rx ( download ) and tx ( upload ) to determine frequency ) fwiw , i find that odin generally is easier to use than kies for flashing roms .
you can download android 4.3 for s3 i9300 for your device from sammobiles . i think android 4.3 released in germany . or else if you have the back up before flashing the rom , you can restore it from recovery
i found simple and easy solution . make a html page any where . &lt;meta http-equiv="REFRESH" content="0; URL=market://details?id=package_name" /&gt; open browser and type this html url you will see your app in play market app
first off , the user can actually install the app from the market . he just can not do it directly but only make google remote-install the app via the website , as he would do if he browsed the market on his pc . second , what browser are you testing this with ? opera is not well integrated into android and will not open play urls in the app . in fact i am not sure even the native browser will . maybe you should just use market:// links instead of http://links .
i am using the code below and it is working fine with my phone and emulator . for the phone with google play app , it will automatically open the app . for the emulator ( without google play app ) , it will automatically open the browser .
settings > applications > all ( top tab ) click menu button > reset app preferences source : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt_alkha_-s
try directly this if link is originated from an app for android to handle : market://details?id=&lt;package_name&gt; notice : there is no domain and host .
applications do not run in the background , they are suspended and do not slow down the phone . services that run constantly might slow down the phone , and i believe facebook and dropbox both run services . ( see this answer for a bit more info on how android manages resources . ) your best option is to uninstall the apps you believe are causing issues . another thing you can do is install a custom kernel that will allow you to overclock the device ( at the expense of battery life and assuming cm 's kernel is not overclockable ) , but that may not help very much . most phones with specs in that range do not run things all too well , which is how the manufacturer get people to spend more money i guess :p see also : what are some general tips on improving overall performance of an android phone ?
root your phone and use titanum backup app .
third wish indeed seems to be a show-stopper . sacrificing that , you might want to take a look at locus maps , which gives you the additional benefit of being an offline/offroad navigation with many map sources buit-in to download from . plenty add-ons available , too . might ask the developer ( e . g . on his forum ) to add tasker support . as he is very responsive , chances are quite good he will like and implement the idea . if so , item #3 would be solved as well .
tasker can write location to klm file : did you see this gps tracker made in tasker xml ( http://tasker.wikidot.com/tracker ) it creates a kml file and stores Acc:%LOCACC Prv:%LOCPRV Spd:%LOCSPD Alt:%LOCALT into that file . to view a kml file that tracker creates you can either : view it in the google earth android apo upload it to your desktop and open it with google earth . upload it to the web , and put the url to the kml in the search box of google maps . this still only works on a desktop computer , but allows the viewing of a kml or kmz file without installing google earth . several other tools exist for publishing kmz files .
gps logger suits all your needs ( 2 is an option you can turn on )
trace my trail is not only a gps logger but you can also insert pois and indication and get alarms when you are following the recorded track .
if you are ready to compromise the third requirement , google 's my tracks , fits your other needs perfectly .
if you have developed and android app , then you must have gone through http://developer.android.com . where the basics are taught about the android . lets see how , there are generally three tabs , but we will talk about the last one distribute . in that section it is clearly taught how google gets an app in trending portion . http://developer.android.com/distribute/googleplay/about/visibility.html its the link ! the main factors are : ratings , downloads and great apps that users are providing a great feedback with are mainly on the top of the trending apps , but there are two type of trending app sections , free and paid ! so make sure you are viewing the section that is mainly for you ! that is all what google would use . 1 . feedback 2 . ratings 3 . downloads 4 . content .
just use vroot n your done n will be rooted 4.2.2 hp slate 21
first ativate usb debugging , use an app for this or tap 7 times in the option menue tablet . use the side usb port . for pc . . . edit the usb fingerprint for drivers . . . goto the hp help forum and questions . . howto adb with slate 21 . use pc , mac want work until new kernel update like linux the driver is in kernel 3.9 . adept the driver handish in device manager . . . auto install dont work . also you need the other stuff from sdk , the new adb tools . this one is to new . . so no driver and unsupported by hp .
give cydia impactor a try - it works on the tnote 7 and hp slate 8 .
i am using a to a usb cable that works . adb works and flash boot there is a adb fingerprint for drivers at hp3 forum . unlocking boot loader also no problem . root do not work with the normal stuff , and the chinese program 's also failed . wait for a tegra4 like version hope will come soon , think its hacked until christmas .
you might want to check on android.com, which contains the list of apps included with each version : 1.1 1.5 ( cupcake ) 1.6 ( donut ) 2.0 ( eclair ) 2.1 ( eclair ) unfortunately , they stopped that listing after eclair ( 2.1 ) . and of course each " rom cook " might have added other apps ( and bloatware ) to the list . . .
i figured this was not currently possible so i just created a widget that activated whatever profile i want active when tasker is open then disable the said profile if i go back to the home app .
the developer of tasker has specifically excluded tasker itself from showing up in the applications list . he cites his reason in the tasker why . . . ? section of his website . http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/faqs/faq-why.html#d
ota update went out already . you should have gotten it automatically . what does Settings |About phone | Version number say ? what about Build number ?
about phone -> system updates .
install the avd and sdk manager - i am assuming you use c:\android_sdk edit c:\android_sdk\usb_driver\android_winusb . inf find the section [ google . ntx86 ] and add the following : <code> ; techpad %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_0002 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_0002 and mi_01 </code> find the section [ google . ntamd64 ] and add the following : edit . android\adb_usb . ini and add the following :  0x18D1  note : this corresponds to the device id up top plug device in - you should have an unknown device in the device manager . update the driver on it and manual select the location of c:\android_sdk\usb_driver . it should install the driver and show up as an adb device . run adb kill-server then adb devices remember to turn on usb debugging from the application settings as well
there are several applications available that will read the log . in android there is only one major log , where everything is written to . per application a different tag is used in the log . so to find out information about the wifi , you have to find out what the exact tag is . that way you can filter out all these messages , for me it was something like " wifistatemachine " for wifi . next to the application mentioned by abhishek sha ( log collector ) , there is also alogcat . i have used this application multiple times , and always helped me to find the problem .
you can take "adb shell logcat"  contains wpa_supplicant related logs . wpa_supplicant is an open source application which is used in android phones to connect and manage wi-fi connections . this would help your disconnect issue . or "adb shell cat /proc/kmsg"  which is the file where kernel dumps the logs . here you can see wi-fi crash related logs .
the log collector app grabs the android system log . it should include information about anything interesting ( errors , information , debug stuff ) that happened to your phone in the last few minutes . you should give you the option to email the log to somewhere ( yourself would be good ) . word of advice : i see that you are new here . i would advice that you do not ask for app recommendations as i have had issues in the past and my question was closed .
go to settings -> call settings -> additional settings and find call waiting option ( its may be in different address in android 2.3 ) . enable call waiting it if is not already . if it was already enabled , but you never here beeps or receive notifications when another call happens , i think you should check with or consult your operator .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
use the pre-installed app that was installed in your system . the gmail shown in your android device is much more different than the one on pc . i suggest using/updating the gmail app better than the browser : )
i think the website seems to be very heavy for your smartphone 's default web browser , why do not you use other third party browsers ? you may try dolphin browser or uc browser they works fine .
the playstore app usually uses /data/local to temporarily store .apk files while downloading , then installs them from there , and finally removes the temporary download-file ( which then went to /data/app ) . the /data/local directory should be readable by all processes ( so no root needed to list its contents ) , as it is used as a kind of " temporary directory " for a lot of things ( you might think of it as a " misnamed " /tmp directory ) . this directory should be " cleaned up " on reboot 1 , so your issue might rather be a broken .apk in /data/app . a new install should solve this anyway . i further recommend using appmonster pro -- yes , the pro version : on each install/update it grabs the .apk file of the installed/updated app and stores away a copy . so in cases like this , you could simply grab a previous version and install it over . just for completeness : there seem to be more such " temporary directories " on android devices . investigating a dump from a stock 2.2 motorola milestone 2 , i e.g. also found /data/download . different devices might use other directories additionally . but that should not affect your playstore question . 1 i can only base this on one of my devices ( motorola milestone 2 , stock android 2.2 ) , where i extracted a nandroid backup stored on my pc . there the init.rc file ( which is called during the boot process ) a.o. contains the following : easy to see : the /data/local directory is created during the boot , which suggests it being empty at this point . same is valid btw . for /data/download
the free app call control works pretty good . you can have a number blocked and set up so it picks it up and hangs up . it does not let them leave a message and your phone do not ring . however if you go where you do not have service it will still send it to voicemail , but works great otherwise .
power off phone . take out battery for 30 seconds . power back on phone . camera app worked again for me .
i have had my gs3 with t-mobile for about 11 months . two days ago i began receiving " camera failed " warning . i was beginning to think , after researching this issue , that my phone would need to be replaced if i wanted a functioning camera again . but moments ago , with the " camera failed " warning showing on my screen , i started squeezing the top of my phone between my fingers in different places , and suddenly my camera started working again . i am a bit afraid that it is going to stop working again , but at least i know this is a mechanical error . i am thankful i did not reset my phone for no reason . i have never posted to any site before this , but if this can help anyone else having this problem , i thought i should mention it . i do hope it helps .
i turned my galaxy s3 off and turned it back on again . it fixed itself ; no need to clean or wipe your gallery or phone .
first , wimax and 4g are completely separate . wimax already has real-world implementation , whereas 4g does not ; 4g is still in development . second , 3g lte is also completely separate from 4g . lte also has real-world implementation . a 3g lte phone can only operate at 4g speeds if it has hardware capable of it . the manufacturer will undoubtedly advertise this , so it should not be hard to find out . i know of no current phones that can do true 4g , which makes sense given that 4g does not really exist yet . the same applies for " regular " 3g phones working at lte speeds . the samsung vibrant , for example , works on t-mobile 's " fake 4g " network with slightly improved speeds , but does not take full advantage of it . the vibrant 4g , however , does take full advantage of the higher speeds . currently , cell providers in the us and elsewhere are referring to various 3g technologies including lte , hspa+ , etc . as "4g " when they are not actually 4g . examples of 4g networks in development are lte advanced ( based on 3g lte ) and wirelessman-advanced ( based on wimax ) . speed requirements for 4g service set the peak download speed at 100 mbit/s for high mobility communication ( such as from trains and cars ) and 1 gbit/s for low mobility communication ( such as pedestrians and stationary users ) . 3g lte and wimax do not meet these speed requirements . the wikipedia page on 4g is quite informative .
to unlock the boot loader you need to have the adt with all the packages installed and configured . later once the configuration is done properly then you can connect your device and enable usb debugging under the options . download modaco’s superboot files and save them to your computer . once downloaded , extract it by right clicking and extract all . on your phone , click on settings > developer options > turn usb debugging on . plug the device in to your computer via usb cable . open the superboot folder that we just extracted ( until you see the folder with fastboot-windows inside it ) , then hold the shift key down on your computer and right click any blank area . now , select open command window here . in the command prompt , type the following with hitting enter at the end of each line . adb-windows reboot bootloader ( and wait for the device to reboot ) fastboot-windows oem unlock *if it gets stuck at waiting for device here , download and install pdanet on your computer , once installed , unplug then plug the device back in and see if that fixes it . once it runs the device should display a screen asking you if you are sure . click yes using the volume buttons . the device will go back to the bootloader screen but say unlocked at the bottom .
go to settings , select accounts and sync , select gmail sync , select account , and tap remove account in the bottom . . .
if the email id was given when you purchased it , then it can not be removed in gingerbread . the only way is to restore it . do not worry ; just back up yur favorite app or share it with a friend . then , format it . you can clear the gmail account and sent back or back-up the apps . now , your phone will be smoother and faster .
can you disable gmail sync in settings > accounts > [ your gmail account ] ? i do not have a gingerbread device to hand to test this out but it is available in ics +
try clearing the cache and/or clearing app data .
if it works like other " hot boot " apps and functions , then it basically restarts the android gui processes/threads . there was an xda news post a while back after someone made an app for it where the app author described it as such : hot reboot by rebooting only the graphical android shell . from what i know it is sort of equivalent to restarting your x server in a linux environment ( like hitting ctrl + alt + backspace , for example ) . i would definitely doubt that you had cause any damage by restarting your graphical environment , especially considering other oses do this pretty easily , but i suppose there is an outside chance if miui implements it strangely . typically the reason people use a " hot boot " option is if the ui has somehow gotten sluggish and would benefit from a restart but they want to save time by not restarting the whole system ( maybe a memory leak in the ui or something of that sort ) . it could also be useful if you need to restart the ui to apply some sort of change , like a theme perhaps .
after starring a place in google maps android , you can open google bookmarks webapps to display your bookmarks . sort by date to show your latest bookmark and clicking on the Edit button allows you to edit that place bookmark title . the new title would display in My Places on google maps android . not an ideal solution , but a workaround involving additional webapps . references : android forum - google maps - label starred locations ? - 9 april 2010 - provides three workarounds : #9 add suffix " ( title ) " to address in google maps webapps before starring ( not editing on android ) ; #11 use google bookmarks to edit title ( solution i chose above ) ; #14 add to contacts and edit contacts names ( will search each time use the address in contacts ) . google mobile android forum - why can not i edit the name of a " starred " place on google maps ? - 1 june 2011 - mentioned bookmark and contacts solutions above , also registering an address as a business place , then can edit the title .
highly doubt it can be done , since adobe air v3 targets armv7 instruction set , its like comparing chalk and cheese in regards to both armv7 and armv6 instruction set . so the chances of back-porting to the older instruction set is difficult to say the least , not alone that , it is a proprietary software so no going in there . the trend is there and is to stay this way with the advent of increased hardware , supply/demand which dictates support armv7 and let armv6 die off .
have you tried arkmc ? the free version still works as a renderer : )
it may sound like overkill , but it may suit all your needs : xbmc media center ( downloads for android are here ) it has many features that you might not need ( like a weather forecast , playing videos and music ) but the best parts are its big list of network capabilities ( media on windows shares , dlna ( upnp ) , ftp , etc . ) and its huge list of available plugins . it is also remotely controllable in many ways , there are even apps for android , etc . plus it is open source and free .
try out digital photo frame slide show . it has exactly the features you need as it can access a upnp server or a smb network drive . ( i am the developer of digital photo frame slide show . )
have you searched DLNA in play store ? you can find many apps . my favorite is skifta .
es file explorer should let you access smb shares .
samba shares and cloud image services ( picasa , flickr , facebook , dropbox and instagram ) photo frame live wallpaper
have you tried social frame ? it is a digital photo frame app . it automatically syncs photos from facebook , twitter , and 500px . love this app
are you trying to access the market from a home screen shortcut or from the app drawer ? updates can sometimes break shortcuts so try to open it from the app drawer . another thing you can try is to reset market data from Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All -> Market -> Clear data and Clear cache .
if you use appbrain it does downloads sequentially . unfortunately you will still need to click " okay " for each to start the download but it'll save you a few taps .
find the app that took over the pdf intent in Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , and then tap on Clear defaults button . next time you click on a pdf file , it should prompt you which app to use . check the Use by default for this action box , and tap on ezpdf reader . alternatively , you can try uninstalling and re-installing the ezpdf reader app . it should re-register its own intent for handling pdfs , and prompt you for an app next time you try to view one .
there is an app for that ! ! try default app manager on the android market which can take care of both clearing and setting defaults for various categories like pictures , audio , video , pdf etc . really makes life very easy .
the latest update of the nook color software version 1.4.1 allows you to change the default pdf reader . after the upgrade open a pdf and then a pop up box will appear allowing you to choose which application you want as the default pdf reader .
you can try greenify it freezes the app when you are not explicitly using it . there is an experimental feature to make it work without root but i did not try it since my phone is rooted . there is also disable service that can disable single services . it requires root access .
you can try force disabling them from the settings
this is not the resolution you are looking for , but i would like to share that i have same problem with you . the blank circle appeared a few days ago . there is no blank circle when i check google+ web page , but there is a mysterious circle with no name ( blank name ) when i use google+ android app . i tried to uninstall and reinstall google+ app , but it did not resolve the problem . only a few people have reported this problem , and there is a post related to this on google group too . i hope it can be fixed soon .
a new version of the app came out today ( 2.2.0.233662 ) with " numerous bug fixes " mentioned in the " what is new " text . this apparently is one of the fixes . everything is back to normal now .
in android notification settings can be configured on a per-app basis . most apps give you control over sound and vibration settings . these can be overridden with the global " ring mode " setting located under menu -> system -> sound . changing the gmail notifications will not impact hangouts , facebook , or other apps . furthermore , in gmail app you can have different notification settings for each account ( and even per each synced label within each account ) : in gmail , tap on the menu button , go to settings , and tap on your google account . tap on " inbox sound and vibrate " option . set the sound and vibration preferences to your liking , and exit the settings page .
did you try " volume up + menu button + power button " ? that should get you to recovery mode and you should have an option there to factory reset your phone .
hold down the volume down button while booting and go into ' safe mode ' . go to the developer menu and turn it off . reboot .
yes , connecting to a peap-mschapv2 network with 1.6 is not possible due to a lack in the network manager . after an upgrade to 2.1 or 2.2 it is possible . alternatively you might want to root the device and enter your login credentials in your wpa_supplicant.conf file manually .
i would recommend the modaco . switch project , which allows you to dual-boot both htc one sense , and the google experience . you can share app data between the two , so you do not have to maintain 2 sets of apps in either environment , and you can switch back and forth anytime . if you like the google experience better , then you can just stick with it . you will supposedly get all the regular updates from google . it is still in beta , but it is been under active development , and has come pretty far . installation instructions are at the link above , but it is basically the same process as installing a regular rom , which can be a bit tricky if you are not technically-minded . hope that helps .
this how-to meticulously explains how to flash a rom taken from the google play edition of the one . to summarize : backup your data root your one download the rom boot into twrp , wipe the old rom and install the new one
no , it is not normal . the following might seem obvious if you are familiar with android , but it is worth a check . android has separate volume levels for media ( such as music ) , notifications , and in-call . it also has a separate volume level for when you are using headphones , to avoid deafening yourself by plugging in headphones when the volume is high . it could be that the " in-call without headphones " volume is very low , and the other volumes are normal . try turning up the volume ( with the physical volume keys ) while you are in a call ( with no headphones plugged in ) , and see if that solves the problem . if not , it sounds like a hardware problem with the speaker that goes next to your ear . there is a separate speaker for when it is on speakerphone , or for music or videos . in that case , a warranty claim would be the appropriate course of action , especially if this is a new phone and it has always had this problem .
solution : clear the app cache . after i cleared the app cache , the " send as " was functioning as it did before the update . does this fall under as a duplicate of : app x is not working correctly . how can i fix it ?
while i do not have the final solution - i was able to make some progress in figuring out why the g2 fails to work with the 360 controller . i have been doing diagnostics and noticed that the lg g2 usb connection manager is emulating a usb2.0 and usb3.0 device hub - which shows up when an otg cable is connected to the phone - and while it identifies the 360 controller , its non-standard integration is likely causing the device to not be recognized by applications . using usb/bt joystick center from the play store , i was able to refuse permission to access the usb hub devices , but permit the app to talk to the xbox controller . ( when it scans for devices , it will display " found : device name " then prompt for permission . when it displays " found : xbox 360 controller " approve access . deny all other prompts , or else the software cannot communicate with the controller ) . immediately after doing the above , the controller 's leds stopped flashing - and locked into ' player 1' configuration . then the software loaded a default 360 profile , and clicking on driver let me see the raw inputs from the controller . it works ! it seems to me that the device is perfectly compatible , but the lg otg input manager is doing something funky with the input - and needs another piece of software to channel the inputs from the usb device to the system . if there were a way to get the lg software to identify it as a keyboard or gamepad , that would be ideal . i will keep working at it for now .
no , it is designed like that by the app 's developers , so you can not . though for youtube , if you are rooted , there is a xposed module called green youtube that have an option to play music from youtube in background ( but it does not work on my phone ) .
you need to go into the mail application and set up an account through there . the accounts area is for syncing accounts for the phone ( like your gmail address ) .
open email . enter your email credentials ( the address and the password ) . choose manual setup . choose imap . enter server settings .
i think this name is a windows setting . i think i was seeing an old title , from when the phone had accounts belonging to the other employee . there was another device under devices and printers called galaxy s4 . i right-clicked on the device with the old employee 's name , clicked uninstall . when i disconnect and reconnect my phone i no longer see a device with the old employee 's name , but i do see " galaxy s4" .
titanium should restore the apks as well as the data . but another method is to go into settings> backup/restore ( or similar ) , and there is an option for backing up and restoring data from google play .
no , the s4 can not read mifare classic cards . the main problem is that nxp does not license the reader-side of its proprietary mifare classic technology ( specifically the use of the ( broken ) crypto-1 algorithm ) to other chip manufacturers . as a result , the broadcom nfc controller inside the s4 does not support communication with such cards . this alone would not be too difficult to circumvent . the crypto-1 algorithm has been reverse-engineered and published , so it could easily be implemented in software within an android app . however , the mifare classic protocol does not fully comply to iso/iec 14443-3 ( nfc-a ) in that the authentication command uses a non-standard frame format . as a result , the communication facilities accessible on android ( the closest would be the NfcA tag technology , that requires adherence to iso/iec 14443-3 framing ) can not be used to communicate with mifare classic tags .
unfortunately , the nfc technology in mobile devices is ever-so-slightly different from rfid tech , making most cards unreadable . i was trying for the longest time to read hid cards on my phone , but i could never make it work . some cards are readable , depending on the frequency in which they operate . i can not remember off the top of my head what those are , however . this app on play will read all the cards that your nfc chip technologically is compatible with : nfc tag info according to the developer , that app can read mifare classic cards .
i remember seeing someone do tests on the accuracy of capacitive screens and in reality , they are terribly inaccurate . unlike resistive screens , a stylus will not make much difference for you . i believe it was said that a fine stylus would provide just as much accuracy as using a hot dog .
thin styluses are usually for resistive screens , they do not work with droid x 's capacitive screen . the difference between capacitive and resistive touchscreens
i have a pogo stylus which was originally meant for the iphone although i see they have an android version now . it works ok , but i feel like i have to push down harder than i want to to get it to work . it is accurate , more so than my finger , however if i do not maintain enough pressure when drawing a line for example , there will be gaps in the line . i have a screen protector on and i have never tried it on the naked screen so this might be a factor . when all is said and done i do not use it very much so i can not provide a detailed review . if you do not want to spend the money there are a number diy capacitive tutorials that look pretty good . some mimic the pogo design and others do not . here are a few : pogo like 1 pogo like 2 with a sock with a piece of anti-static bag with an energy bar wrapper and a drunk puppet
no . it is impossible using the standard app .
assisted gps is a system which can improve the startup performance of a gps satellite-based positioning system . wikipedia has your best answer .
that should be /sdcard/Downloads , replace /sdcard with wherever your " data storage " is . you can also access them using the app " downloads " .
google has an android compatibility definition document ( cdd ) ( see http://source.android.com/compatibility/overview.html ) that specifies the minimum ( and suggested guidelines ) for what a device must physically support to be allowed to use the android branding ( and to get the google market and google 's android apps ) . the latest ccd in section 7.3 lists the minimum requirements of the sensors . the temperature sensor ( section 7.3.7 ) is actually listed as something that android devices should not include . there are not specs for this sensor 's sensitivity .
you may have encrypted your phone contents . both of my phones take a lot longer to boot since having to decrypt on start-up .
my galaxy nexus ( i9250 , gsm version ) with android 4.02 definitely does not take that long to boot . just switched mine off to test , and from off it takes just under a minute to get to the sim card pin unlock code screen ( and after entering my pin it goes straight to the pattern lock with my normal wallpaper ) .
you can just press " refresh"-- and it will really give you second-by-second changes so long as the person you are looking at has their gps on . if location is set to " network"- then it only updates when they change towers . this is much more battery-efficient , it seems .
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
there is another way to change it . the emotion ui is set up as default , so first to do is to clear the default option by going to settings > manage apps > all and open huawei home then choose the option clear default . now just press home botton and it will ask which launcher you want to use and you can set up the new one by default .
you have to clear the defaults in the Settings &gt; Application &gt; Your default Launcher . then when you tap the home button , you will be asked to choose a launcher . you select the one you want and mark that as the default . generally when you install a new application , it clears the defaults for that category . so installing holo should have done that for you . i wonder why that did not happen .
i found an option in the Launcher Settings of holo launcher which allows choosing the default launcher . setting it to the correct one ( holo/default ) takes care of the issue .
when you hit the home button , an option should pop up asking for the user to choose a launcher . if this is not happening , you probably have the stock launcher set to default . try checking settings-applications- ( tap on your stock launcher app ) and then scroll down to find " clear defaults " button . hitting the home button should now bring up that pop up we are looking for .
the combination of encryption , pin lock , and having adb turned off should protect your data pretty well . it could still be compromised if someone finds a security flaw that can be exploited through the network or the mtp usb connection , but that risk exists in any case . however , with your bootloader unlocked , someone could take your phone , flash a malicious rom that contains keystroke loggers or something , and then return the phone to you and wait for you to type your pin or decryption password . it would be better to keep the bootloader locked whenever you do not actually need to flash things via fastboot . you can use bootunlocker to lock and unlock the bootloader from within the running android system . unlike fastboot oem unlock , this does not wipe your data when you unlock .
you should go to the google play web site , there is a list of all the apps that you have ever installed on your device , including purchased ones .
in the new market application you need to slide the tab sideways when viewing the installed applications to view all applications , you might have missed that at first glance .
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
if you are using the same google login - then you should be able to find them under my apps in google play and they should be marked as purchased . ( on your phone - on the web you will find them under my android apps ) . you can also click on orders and devices at the bottom of the page - if they do not show up in that list . ( and next to each you have " report a problem" ) and worst case scenario , if these apps are paid for , you should at least be able to find them in your google checkout history - and contact google to refresh your account . hth .
afaik , pictures from gallery are not uploaded to picassa gallery by sync , unless you intentionally upload them by sharing options . to put this to test , i just now tried to capture an image though camera and synced . it did not turn up in picassa . i do not know why this way , but on the first hand if your first device is not uploading image to picassa with sync , there is no way your other device is going to get it . there are plenty of other ways using apps like sugar sync , drop box etc . but i assume here the question was asked in compassion with contacts and calendar which gets synced with google 's services without any other app support .
all officially supported languages are listed on their changelog : https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_vendor_cyanogen/blob/gingerbread/changelog.mkdn
cyanogenmod roms are multilingual and you can select the language the first time your phone boots or in System settings--&gt;Language &amp; input--&gt;Language ( ics 4.0.4 ) at any time . i can say it supports all languages in the world from the far east to south america including right to left languages like farsi .
if you want to create the dumpstate file from a pc ( using adb ) , run this command from a shell : adb shell dumpstate &gt; dumpstate.log  this will create the file dumpstate.log in the current directory on your pc . you can use this as part of a bug report .
here 's a couple of answers to start with : email hangouts ( or any other im app ) , which usually require the other person to be logged in . glympse - send a check-in glympse to their mobile number with a message . they will get it as a text . using some sms gateway either via web ( browser ) or a specific sms app supporting this using a messenger app like tango , skype , or line
have you tried using a different cord/charger ? it seems as if it is not related to a specific location , so i would suspect that the cable has gone bad .
try using the app below , which will help to drain your battery and charge it again while switched off . hope this works : ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.devmob.juiceoffenderhl=en
the only recommendation i can give is to upgrade your firmware . you could try a newer version of cm9 , as then you do not have to wipe data . if you want a fairly stable newer version , 4.1 works really well , and 4.3 somewhat . go to quarx2k . ru and select the 2nd-boot folder for them .
you could try elixir 2 . it lets you add different kinds of toggle widgets , including mute widgets .
have you thought about sharing your phone 's screen on computer ? lot of apps and tweaks are available on the internet . few such results i found quickly by searching are this and this video and a xda page . i am unable to provide more specific answer as i am not aware of your phone 's software version and its hardware capabilities . as @jack said , if you have hdmi out it will be the best option . by seeing your phone 's screen on the computer , you would be running the ebook reader app in the phone but read the book in your monitor .
depending on the android version , you may be able to " miracast " screen cast to an external miracast receiver . it is a wireless solution . an introduction with a video .
you need to use the mhl adapter cable . from the mhl adapter , you can connect to any tv that support hdmi .
this answer to a previous sms backup and restore question suggests that very android sms backup should be able to do this . they have a guide on how to do it here : how to transfer sms to android from iphone , windows mobile , nokia , blackberry etc ?
you can import sms from itunes backups using sim manager . the program can then save the data to an ini file , you can use that source file to transform the sms into whatever format is used by android , and upload them .
hmmm . . . . here 's one solution . i am not sure if there is an easier way , but i guess it is worth a shot . i am pretty sure they are not the same database structure , so you gotta do some editing . if you are interested in that sorta thing , could be fun ! hope this helps !
first of all , it always a good thing to have usb debugging on . it can help you check your phone and even recover it if something is wrong . when your phone is on a boot loop and will not start correctly , you can use adb to check where might be the problem . connect your phone via the usb cable to a pc with adb and then type the following : adb logcat  power your phone and you should see , as your phone starts the boot secuence , a lot of information in the adb window . that is the current log of your phone boot secuence ( like the one you can see in linux for example ) . if the phone ends in a boot loop , you should be able to see what is trying to do and then try to fix it .
you can remap either of the volume buttons to be a power button . i have remapped my volume up button to power button . to remap , you should have rooted phone , with terminal emulator and busybox application you can edit the file /usr/system/keylayout/herring-keypad . kl change the line key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE  to key 115 POWER WAKE  and reboot your phone .
here 's a similar question : how can i boot my nexus s with a broken power button ? can only boot to &quot ; do not turn off target&quot ; best thing to do is get the power button replaced . it is not too expensive . you can also try the battery or bump tricks described in that chapter to try to get your nexus s to boot while plugged into usb , but that seems like a short term solution .
you can fix this issue by simply opening the phone up by removing the 6 screws on the back , and fixing the power button yourself . what is happening is there is a ribbon connector that goes from the power button to the circuit board and this becomes loose and disconnects itself . you can simply press on it and reconnect it to the board to fix the power button issues . this will only be a temporary fix , as the phone is a poor design and will become disconnect more and more frequently . but this can at least let you use your phone .
that is a little bit tricky with touchwiz . in order to move app links in and out of the icon bar at the bottom on phones with touchwiz , you have to enter the app list ( app drawer ) via the blue menu icon . this is the only icon that can not be removed . then press the left hardware key and choose edit , but make sure that you are in the " customizable grid " view type . you should now be able to reorganize all icons in the app menu and on the space where the lower 4 buttons are , by using drag and drop . simply long press an icon and move it where you want .
i know this sounds silly , but i think it is likely that your hand is wrapped around the phone and thereby gently touching the screen with the tip of your fingers or you are touching the volume down key that goes to vibrate mode . technical possibilities could be : -setting in the facebook app , maybe it is sending some sort of notification equivalent that just vibrates instead of showing up on your screen . -it could also be a different application that runs in the background and gives you notification vibrations . to solve that , go to applications manager , and click through applications and disable push notifications until you find the culprit . hope that helped .
you may try this at your own risk . please do a nand back-up first .
that was for y210d . you need to flash it stock again and root it with a y210 insecure boot image . you can get the stock rom here .
the google 's own gmail app does not have this functionality built-in . unfortunately with the latest version of the app ( v2.3.5.2 as of this writing , ) google have disabled access to gmail 's data by other 3rd-party apps and widgets . this was most likely done for security purposes . the side-effect is that none of the 3rd-party apps on the market that need access to your gmail accounts ( notifiers , widgets , etc . ) stopped working . your best bet is to find an alternate e-mail app that has such a feature . i have used k-9 mail , but i do not remember any settings that would give you non-stop alerts . you could try submitting a feature request on k-9 's support site .
this feature is already provided by many email apps including official gmail app . gmail app even allows to set different notification tone of different labels . in gmail , go to Settings ~> [Email-id of attached Account] ( under account settings section ) ~> Labels to Notify ~> [Label Name] ~> Ringtone ( from pop-up ) . if your gmail app does not have these settings , time to update it . if you do not use gmail app , specify your email app for further help . if your app does not provide this feature , you can not add it by your own in most of cases ( unless app allows plugins ) . so , switch to another email client app .
there is a metric boatload of airplane mode apps on the play store . you might find one there that meets your needs .
on the original kindle fire airplane mode does not seem to exist , but you can turn off wireless using these directions : tap the quick settings ( the gear ) icon in the top right hand corner of the home screen . tap wi-fi . ensure wireless networking switch is in the off position . on the new kindle fire you can enable airplane mode by doing the following : swipe down from the top of the screen and tap wireless . tap on next to airplane mode
well , i had the same problem and it turned out to be that my ringtone for incoming calls was set to " hangouts video call " . when i changed that to " vzw airwaves " the voice announcement for notifications went away . perhaps it is coincidence , but every other option i tried failed and tested after each , resetting to how things were before .
if this is happening to you , you might be in driving mode . you might have not actually switched to driving mode physically , but if you have paired ( bluetooth ) with you are vehicle , it may automatically switch to driving mode when you enter the car . pull down the notification bar from the top of the screen . if driving mode is not one of the five icons at the top of the screen hit the icon that looks like three little boxes and one set of arrows . that should open a big list of toggle switches . look for driving mode and see if it is turned on/lit up . if it is turn it off and the voice notifications should stop .
depending on how you have networking set up for your emulator , you might need to forward your ssh port from the emulator to a port on the host . your emulator might be set up on a nat/host-only network , so your ssh client can not actually reach the server . to test this , try pinging the emulator 's ip address from the system with your ssh client .
why do not you try using a 3rd party implementation just as izzy suggested . my rom does not have that feature so i typically use fast file transfer . it is a great app and only the host phone needs it . currently it does not work with host htc phones though .
do a restart . that fixed mine when i had the same issue
i had the same problem and could not find the answer anywhere . via the technique , commonly known as ' mucking about with my phone ' , i found that the new actions can be revealed by swiping down on the notification with two fingers . likewise they can be hidden again by swiping upwards with two fingers .
this comment helped me , though i also had to create a udev rule stackexchange-url the udev rule is given below , please note that kumar is my username on my box .
is it any swiping motion that is difficult , or just the default left to right swipe ? if a small swipe in a different direction would work , you could try ripple lock . this lock screen replacement requires that you drag an inner circle to the edge of an out circle . the direction is not important , and the swipe distance is about half of the regular lock screen .
while it amounts to recommending major surgery for a small problem , cyanogenmod has customizable lock-screen controls . ( my wife 's g1 is configured to unlock when she pushes the menu button . ) of course this requires rooting , modding , and hardware buttons . . . but it is a solution .
you can change it in settings/language and keyboard . to do this , hold down the menu button , and choose settings . in your settings list , you will see language and keyboard . the first option in the language and keyboard section is language .
error message still appearing if you have signed in to your device 's google play store app , downloaded an item , and your device does not appear on the google play website , you can try clearing your app 's data by following these steps : open your device 's main settings menu . select apps or application manager ( this may be different depending on your device ) . select google play store from your list of apps . touch clear data .
the issue here is that the uninstall process was not registered at google play store . without the uninstall process registered , google play store still reports the app as installed on the device that is associated with your google account . to overcome this , you need to manually trigger the uninstall from the google play store , within the " my android apps " list : step by step i have a couple of apps that i have uninstalled from my device and the uninstall process was not registered at google play store . i will use one as a guide : access " my android apps " list , search for the desired app and click the recycle bin icon to trigger the uninstall : after confirming , the app will get marked as " removed": now you can access the application at google play store , and install it like you mentioned that you prefer to do :
chances are you are using a stock launcher ( maybe samsung 's touchwiz ) that leaves empty spaces when you uninstall an app . if you are using samsung galaxy s4 ( using stock launcher ) , you can go to the apps screen , and click on left menu key &gt; View type &gt; Alphabetical grid . if you are not on an s4 , see if you can find something similar to this . if you do not have the Alphabetical grid option , you can install a 3rd party launcher like nova . nova can sort your app drawer alphabetically .
i finally settled with unified remote . it does not provide a real service but can be run without displaying a window as a task bar program . it provides all special key combinations needed and also has a working automatic server detection . and i even have not tried all the supplied program remotes !
i have been satisfied with all in one remote so far . it also works with other oses than windows . as for run in window-less mode , i can think of a couple of ways to easily hide the server window for all in one remote . it would just take a few minutes to make in autoit . as for provide support for special keys and key combinations , as far as i know , i can do key combinations with it too .
headsets with mic , answer button and volume controls which are iphone compatible , in general , will not work with android headsets . the mic and the sound will work , but the buttons will not . headset with mic and only one button will work without problems .
android phones mostly use the standard layout of the 3,5mm jack , but there are some special cases . for example , samsung galaxy tab 10.1 uses a slightly different jack than galaxy s . the difference is barely visible by the naked eye , but when i use the tab headset in galaxy s , the music sounds like it is mono , not stereo and the answer button does not work . i would advise you to test before buying if possible in order to eliminate any unfortunate surprises .
if your tv does not support dlna and you have some other dlna capable device , like an xbox360 , ps3 , or dlna capable blu-ray player , you can use that as a bridge between your tv and the phone . just set your phone to use wi-fi and run whatever app comes w/ the phone ( or download some other app on the market ) to stream via dlna . your dlna capable device should detect the media server from your phone . once that happens , you should be able to stream from your phone to the capable device , which would then display to your tv . check out these posts on droid forum for more specific info .
the thunderbolt has dlna , so if your tv supports dlna you can use that . on my samsung phone , you use the allshare app for dlna , but i think the thunderbolt has another app built in . page 275 of the user manual describes how to use dlna . this droidforums thread has a discussion of ways to use dlna without a compliant tv , i am not sure how well other ways will work . there is also a " multimedia dock " that is supposed to be released shortly , it is " out of stock " until then . that should provide a cable-based way of video output .
i also faced the same problem when i brought the android smart phone . there is no way to download the apps to your computer from android market . you should have internet on your mobile to download the apps directly to your mobile . there are some websites where you can download the apps into your computer . for ex : mobiles24 , getandroidstuff , etc . . and more over some of the android apps need internet connection to work .
actually you can download from google play to your computer . all you need is the google chrome extension - apk downloader . just select an app on google play then on the top right corner will have the apk downloader symbol . click it and download the app in . apk format . then just transfer the app to your phone with either bluetooth or usb then install the app like normal using app installer on your phone . simple way to install is just click on the file in your phone then click install . also when you are trying to use the apk downloader . they will ask for a device id for your phone . enter # #8255# # in your phone dialer then you will see your device id . just insert your name , e-mail and device id in the apk downloader settings in extension list and you can use it .
if your computer has internet access via ethernet , and also has a wireless adaptor , you can use connectify to set up your own wifi hotspot for your phone to connect to . you can then download and install apps normally .
install mobogenie software fro , their official site its free and easy to use and install every app for android java etc
if you have windows7 running the computer which would allow for an ap configuration of connectify , then it will work . but for windows xp or vista running computers , the only mode connectify can be configured is ad-hoc , which unfortunately is not compatible with android devices : quote : a number of recent devices do not support ad hoc mode ( but do support access point mode ) such as : android devices ( there are hacks to get rooted phones on ad hoc , but they will not do it out-of-the-box ) blackberry devices ( running 5.0 or later software ) amazon kindles ( can see the network but cannot connect ) http://support.connectify.me/entries/20307637-does-connectify-run-on-windows-vista-or-windows-xp http://support.connectify.me/entries/20316691-access-point-mode-vs-ad-hoc-mode
yes : you can connect the phone to your computer via usb , click the notification on your phone to mount the usb storage to the pc , move downloaded apps from your computer to your phone ( easiest if you put them on the sd card ) , and browse on your phone to where you put the apps and click on them to install them . your phone should have a file browser , but if it does not i recommend explorer . you will need to enable unknown sources in Settings -&gt; Applications as well . you can download apps to your pc most easily from alternative markets like getjar . if you have installed something like download crutch so that you can download any type of file , or are using a non-stock browser that will ignore android 's restriction on downloads , then you can of course just download the . apk 's directly to your device and skip the pc .
without further details , i believe you have got an issue with the port where you connect the cable that causes the device to shutdown . some short-circuit happens and the device gets turned off . my recommendation , take it to repair with or without warranty . do not let this continue much longer or the device eventually will get irreparably damaged . ps : assuming you have tried another cable and power jack . . .
try using an alternative to the stock sms app like handcent sms . a cautionary note - turn off the auto delete option ( the option to auto delete messages older than x days ) . an additional note - since your sms store seems quite precious to you , i would also recommend sms backup and restore . it can backup your sms at scheduled intervals and also email / upload them to dropbox if need be .
go to settings > display > rotation . in there you might have the option to enable 180 degrees . this works for me using cm9 so hopefully it works for you .
well despite the comments about a . nomedia file not working in the newest version , on my fully updated nexus 7 ( as of april 2013 ) using a . nomedia file prevents the audiobook files from being scanned and listed in google music . some extremely simplistic testing seems to indicate that a single . nomedia file at the top of a directory tree is enough to prevent all sub-directories from being scanned . in the case i talked about in my question , a . nomedia file within the " audiobooks/" directory would prevent all books from being scanned , even if each book was a collection of . mp3 files within its own directory .
i noticed that when i added . nomedia to my podcasts folder ( which i did not want showing up in my google " play music " app , it only disappeared once i changed the source from " on device " to " all music " and back again . now it is working as described above . my podcasts have been removed from my music player , but still show up in my podcast player .
try this : cat /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db &gt; /sdcard/mysms.db  which copies the sms database across to the sdcard . for the telephone database , cat /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/telephony.db &gt; /sdcard/mytelephony.db  its a very old trick , to pull in the databases without root . it is not guaranteed to work across all roms depending on how the directory permissions are set .
you will be unable to do this without a rooted device , as the /data directory can only be read by the android system , and apps can also read their own /data/data/&lt;package name&gt; directory only . android devices do not come with sudo , and you need to be rooted to use su as it switches to the root shell ( on unrooted rom 's , su can not switch to the root user , as the kernel denies it ) . if you do find a way to root the device , ( which may be difficult ) , you can mount the /data partition as rw , then you can copy files from it . use these command to remount the /data patition : su mount -o remount,rw /data the su command can only be executed on a rooted device . edit : just for clarification , the sms backup and restore app uses an api call to get the sms messages via the messaging app , hence the need for the READ_SMS permission . edit2: most rooting methods do not wipe the device data , however some do . you would have to google for a way to root your droid 2 however , and see if it wipes the data .
a good starting point is a google search on " adb logcat filter " , which yields interesting results already on its first page . including the logcat help page from the android project itself , which lists quite detailed options . especially follow up to the reading and writing logs link , where filtering options are explained . the basic syntax is specified as [adb] logcat [&lt;option&gt;] ... [&lt;filter-spec&gt;] ...  interesting options include to write the output to a file ( -f &lt;filename&gt; ) and using human-readable timestamps ( -v time ) . the filtering example given should get you started on the second part : adb logcat ActivityManager:I MyApp:D *:S  in short terms : show all info messages from activitymanager , debug messages from myapp , and silence everything else . as long as you are completely out of ideas what exactly you are looking for , you might at least have some ideas on what you are not looking for , and could use something like GamesApp:S FunnyApp:S MoreApp:S [...] to filter out stuff which is definitely not of interest . so your command could look like adb logcat -f special.log -v time GamesApp:S FunnyApp:S MoreApp:S  when you have excluded the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth . – arthur conan doyle : the adventure of the beryl coronet ( sherlock holmes )
just download adobe reader from google play store to get the correct version . if you want to copy over pdf files . just create your own directory under g:\download and copy to the mapped drive on your pc . make sure you turn on allow to be used as a usb drive .
if you have the android development kit ( see bottom ) then there is a super easy way to install an application from a file . all you need to do is start up a terminal and type : adb install -r &lt;your.apk&gt;  the -r function will replace an existing application with the same name . no fumbling around with sd cards and no searching your phone for transfered files . if you are an avid android user then i recommend getting the adk . how to install just adk binaries
you can download es file manager from google play store . here is the link
most devices have the system partition mounted as read-only . you need to remount the partition with write access so that you can modify the files . this free app should work . other utilities such as es file explorer and titanium backup also have the ability to remount the system partition as writeable . alternatively , you can use a terminal emulator or adb to run the following command , which should remount the volume as well . su mount -o remount,rw /system /system after the volume is mounted as read/write , you can go ahead and move the app over . the volume will remain read/write until you reboot the device , at which time it will revert to read-only .
use es file explorer . . select menu-> switch on root explorer under tools . again click on root explorer . a pop up window will appear . select mount r/w -> select rw option from the new popup for '/' and ' system ' . now onto your operation . you will now be able to move the files without failure .
i do not think there is much you can do beyond trying other wifi tether apps . you could also try using cyanogenmod ( for the gsm version of the hero , or the cdma version ) .
you might want to try modifying the android sdk driver 's . inf file to allow the drivers to be used for your device . i have instructions in another answer here .
thanks for all answers , but my case was a very unusual case . i tried everything but it did not work . i reinstalled windows . it works now .
whenever i have problems with installing an android device 's drivers , i install pdanet . pdanet is a desktop tethering app , but that is not why i install it . pdanet comes bundled with phone drivers for all of the major phone manufacturers . once you have installed the drivers , you can then uninstall pdanet ( and it will keep the drivers ) .
one way is to take a screenshot after the fact . this works natively on ics by pressing volume down and power key together , otherwise root the phone and install a screen capture app .
can you check with the gps turned off for a while ? i have heard reports of heating and restarts most of which refer to multiple things being active increasing current demands from the dock . here are a few references , n1 heat issue while charging + gps ? at the nexusoneforum nexus one is overheating in car dock , becoming unresponsive ( google android forum ) here is a quote from the second link , have use car dock overheat problem before , but i solved the problem now ! the car dock 12v to 5v adaptor it can provide max . 2a current maximum , the phone voltage is 3.7v , when you use this adaptor direct connect to the phone car dock , the phone begin charging , the charging current supplied by car adaptor , if you at same time your phone operating like navigation ( gps , data ) or video streaming and just not the screen off , this time the phone 's power provided by car adaptor through the phone itself , therefore the current = charging current + operatin current provided by car adaptor . this probelm very easy to solve , you just need to buy usb car adaptor from car accessories shop , the usb car adaptor maximum supply current not more than 1a or less , and then buy a micro usb cable connnect to the car dock body , the overheat problem have been solved .
place it on the air conditioning vent and velcro it on . now you have a speed charger with no overheating . i had the same issue and this solved it .
i have figured this out and it is actually pretty easy : make sure one of the home screens is blank by removing all apps and widgets . then , pinch to zoom on the screen . this will bring up a collage of all the home screens . drag and drop the screen you would like into the ' remove ' trash bin . voila .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
basically , it looks like you want to clear everything except your apps . is that right ? if so , i would just use something like app manager to back them all up , and then do a factory reset . if you back them up to the sd card they should be safe , but you can always copy the backup to your computer .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
the htc one x version will not work on the htc one x+ , so if you want to install cyanogenmod , it'll have to be the unofficial build you link to .
as per this comment , the place for bug reports seems to be via the about -> send feedback link within the gmail app - this links to this survey page : http://www.google.com/m/survey/mail_ca
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here .
not sure if you are using a usb cable or some sort of wireless connection , or an hdmi cable . if you are using hdmi you should still be able to see your tablets screen . also , check the input/output settings for your tv .
i had a simliar problem , where a certain person did not appear on viber ( in the all tab ) , however i am using the stock application all around . it was solved by changing the group assigned to the contact ( originally it had no group assigned , and i assigned it to my contacts ) .
this is an official representative of viber media . the source of this issue could greatly vary . please read this short page in our helpdesk , quoted below outlining some possible workarounds that will help reboot synchronization of the contact list : android : contact list is not showing your friends as viber users ? make sure you are using the latest version of viber . you can download the latest version from http://www.viber.com/ make sure that you are looking at the viber contact list , not your device 's contact list . in order for your contacts to see you as a viber user and be able to call you through viber , your phone number , which is saved on their address book , must be the exact same number that you used to register to viber and vice- versa . try tapping on the ' more ' tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " once you installed viber , if you do not see someone in your contact list whom you know to have viber , it might be that the list is not updated ( this may be due to an unstable connection during setup , or just a slight delay ) . to update your contact list , re-sync it by re-initiating viber or by manually updating your contacts list . you do not need to uninstall and reinstall viber . shut viber down ( so that it no longer runs in the background ) or turn the phone off , and then re-open it . if this does not work , try the following steps : send the user an invite and if the number is a registered viber user , it will automatically update the viber contact list . enter into your viber contact list , then select the device 's menu button , and tap on " update contacts " . then just click your device ' home ' button . viber will run in the background . in about 30 min . to an hour , check again by clicking on the viber icon . confirm that you have an active internet connection . dial a number manually , using the viber keypad delete the contact with the missing viber badge from your contact list . add it again and make sure to include the country code . the phone number format should include the plus sign , country code , cell code and phone number . the standard format is : + ( country code ) - ( cell code ) - ( phone number ) for example : +1-555-555-5555 for more questions or technical support , please visit our official helpdesk . from the faq : try tapping on the " more " tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " .
i noticed that a contact is recognized when i remove it from all contact groups . when i add the contact back to a group , it disappears again in viber . so this is a rather unpleasant workaround , but technically it would work ( at least for me ) .
you have multiple choices on how to accomplish this : using a headset if you have got a 1-button-headset connected , you can facilitate that button . there are multiple apps on the playstore providing enhanced possibilities to this -- just search for " headset-control . having a philips headset , i use philips headset , which works pretty well ; you might have to try several of the available choices to find the one suiting you best . most of these apps offer things like : configure a media player app to be started as soon as the headset gets connected play/pause ( or accept an incoming call ) with a single press skip forward ( or reject an incoming call ) pressing twice increase volume by holding the button , decrease it by one click followed by holding it skip backward ( triple click ) actions are usually configurable . without a headset re-defining a hardware button can be achieved e.g. using tasker , which is an automation app for android ( to be more precise : it is the most complete automation app available ; costs ~ 5 euro , a 7-day-trial is available at the homepage , but it is worth every cent ) . the tasker manual states : simulate media button : when selected , any media player which listens for media button events can be controlled . without it , the only the android system media player will respond . note : the toggle pause function may not work unless playback has already been started manually . and yes : you can bind that action to . . . button : camera button : long search amongst others . you could even bind it to a " shake pattern " ( e . g . shake left-right to skip a title ) . example : condition : event &rarr ; hardware &rarr ; button : camera task : media &rarr ; media control &rarr ; cmd : toggle pause
i found the answer i was needing in this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eq7z6_v_fc i was holding down the wrong side of the rocker switch when booting , ending up in " recovery " mode .
go to rom manager and flash an older version of clockwork recovery . then flash the latest version of it . does that help ? otherwise : do you get any sort of error messages ?
go into : settings language and keyboard settings samsung keyboard keypad types , tap that there is various styles , 3x4 keypad is probably selected , the one you need is qwerty keyboard .
check the settings for your dialer app . most dialers have some kind of " call in progress " beep that goes off every minute or so if the option is enabled .
this is normal when someone else is calling right at the moment you do this call . i think it is called " call waiting " , but the feature is usually non-free .
i had the same problem and downloaded touchdown for smartphones , which worked . will send the phone back as clearly the bundled app that came with the phone is not working but another program with the same settings worked . only bought the s3 a week ago , first phone the wifi and the bluetooth would not switch on , 2nd phone no exchange e-mail , third time lucky ?
as said in the comments the device is partitioned and you can not see all parts of the device on a non root ed device . as an example a galaxy s4 is advertised as a 16gb device , and out of the box shows 9.1 gb available . this is a common practice in android oems it would seem . ( desire x from htc 4gb , shows 1gb ) just to give you a scale of what you are dealing with from addictive tips : let’s start with a list of standard internal memory partitions on android phones and tablets . these are : note : it says " standard " partitions . different companies come out with their own partitions . a good example is the galaxy s4 , and the galaxy s4 google edition . they are absolutely identical hardware in every way . until recently ( with so called ' merged roms' ) no rom from one could be installed on the other due , mostly , to the partitioning of the two devices being totally different . /boot /system /recovery /data /cache /misc in addition , there are the sd card partitions . /sdcard /sd-ext note that only /sdcard is found in all android devices and the rest are present only in select devices . let’s now take a look at the purpose and contents of each of these partitions . /boot this is the partition that enables the phone to boot , as the name suggests . it includes the kernel and the ramdisk . without this partition , the device will simply not be able to boot . wiping this partition from recovery should only be done if absolutely required and once done , the device must not be rebooted before installing a new one , which can be done by installing a rom that includes a /boot partition . /system this partition basically contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . /recovery the recovery partition can be considered as an alternative boot partition that lets you boot the device into a recovery console for performing advanced recovery and maintenance operations on it . to learn more about this partition and its contents , see the ‘about android recovery’ section of our guide to clockworkmod recovery . /data also called userdata , the data partition contains the user’s data – this is where your contacts , messages , settings and apps that you have installed go . wiping this partition essentially performs a factory reset on your device , restoring it to the way it was when you first booted it , or the way it was after the last official or custom rom installation . when you perform a wipe data/factory reset from recovery , it is this partition that you are wiping . /cache this is the partition where android stores frequently accessed data and app components . wiping the cache doesn’t effect your personal data but simply gets rid of the existing data there , which gets automatically rebuilt as you continue using the device . /misc this partition contains miscellaneous system settings in form of on/off switches . these settings may include cid ( carrier or region id ) , usb configuration and certain hardware settings etc . this is an important partition and if it is corrupt or missing , several of the device’s features will will not function normally . /sdcard this is not a partition on the internal memory of the device but rather the sd card . in terms of usage , this is your storage space to use as you see fit , to store your media , documents , roms etc . on it . wiping it is perfectly safe as long as you backup all the data you require from it , to your computer first . though several user-installed apps save their data and settings on the sd card and wiping this partition will make you lose all that data . on devices with both an internal and an external sd card – devices like the samsung galaxy s and several tablets – the /sdcard partition is always used to refer to the internal sd card . for the external sd card – if present – an alternative partition is used , which differs from device to device . in case of samsung galaxy s series devices , it is /sdcard/sd while in many other devices , it is /sdcard2 . unlike /sdcard , no system or app data whatsoever is stored automatically on this external sd card and everything present on it has been added there by the user . you can safely wipe it after backing up any data from it that you need to save . /sd-ext this is not a standard android partition , but has become popular in the custom rom scene . it is basically an additional partition on your sd card that acts as the /data partition when used with certain roms that have special features called app2sd+ or data2ext enabled . it is especially useful on devices with little internal memory allotted to the /data partition . thus , users who want to install more programs than the internal memory allows can make this partition and use it with a custom rom that supports this feature , to get additional storage for installing their apps . wiping this partition is essentially the same as wiping the /data partition – you lose your contacts , sms , market apps and settings .
you can , but a kernel mod may be required to also keep the host device charging . however , many devices are already prepared for this , and cables are being manufactured and sold to this specific end , as one can see from this ebay search , there is already several cables in the market . to your particular device , the sonic_boom user at this xda developers forum thread made a dock station to use otg cable and charging at the same time : my docking station will work with any 2012 maybe 2011 sony xperia devices with otg support . i have tested this so far on my xperia s and working perfect . dock station schematics
a search for " mysql " on the stores can answer this : there are several packages available , usually together with a web server and php . best candidates are probably androphp and palapa . my list of web servers with scripting support also have some of them ( e . g . the two i mentioned ) , together with links to reviews , video demos , etc – which might make your decision easier .
most phones use data downloaded from the cell network to speed up the initial position fix when you turn on gps : without these data , it can take several minutes to first get the position , as the gps receiver has to download all the ephemeris data ( i.e. . the latest updates/corrections about the satellites ' orbits ) via the low-bandwidth gps connection . using the cell network to download these data only takes a few seconds , and then you can get a gps fix right away if you have good visibility . it does not actually use the internet at all , which is why it is not affected by the mobile data setting , but since it does download data over your cellular connection , some carriers choose to bill for this as mobile data . see also what is assisted gps ? on this site .
if your phone is working on outside wifi connections , and your office computers are working fine then its probably the proxy . ask your it department they should give you a manual proxy address and port to get round the proxy and you should be good to go .
you can always try flashing the 4.3 factory image if data preservation is not a problem . grab the image from google , then follow these instructions
turn off bluetooth . i had same problem and as i looked through the settings i noticed the blue tooth was on .
first thing to do is to check the device 's settings . it might very well be you just " silenced " your phone one way or the others . there are different places to look for : open the notification area . on many ( recent ) devices , it holds some shortcuts to frequently used stuff as toggling wifi , airplane mode , and also mute ( i.e. . switch between " complete mute " , " vibration only " , and " normal noise" ) . check all your stuff in the settings menu . different manufacturers/devices/roms have different settings in different places which might cause this if you use some " automation tool " like tasker , llama , or the like , check whether it could be one of its profiles if the above still did not solve the issue , make a good backup and then factory-reset your device . if the device still stays mute after that , it is unlikely to be resolved on a software level , but rather a hardware failure . so in that case , you should contact the service ; if the device is still under warranty , they should fix it for free .
anyone else who has this should also try plugging in headphones to see if that makes any difference . when it happened to after on a rainy run , i could not hear anything through the main speaker so i plugged in some headphones and they were ok . happily , once i would unplugged the headphones , the main speakers were ok again . i can not be certain but it is my guess that some moisture from the rain had made its way into the headphone socket and the resulting circuit made the phone think that headphones were connected . when i plugged out the headphone jack , maybe it cleared the moisture . whatever , it is working now : )
this worked for me ! verizon : solution : go to google play website and download the free app soundabout . install and then play some music or do not . check the " wired headseat detection " box off within that app . sound should resume . once you do that , you can check it back on and it will be fine . sound might be lost everytime you plug in a headset . good luck ! really google tech support is incompetent . - they gave me a long list with crap instructions like turning volumes on off .
perhaps you could use a backup program like titanium backup to perform a full backup of apps and data and then transfer that backup file to the second device . after this , restoring said backup on the second device should transfer stuff , imo . no experience in this , so ymmv .
to firewall , you need a root , as it modifies the iptables and filters the network stack . the iptables comes with droidwall which is btw , an excellent tool and a must have if your rom is rooted : ) edit : just checked mine , in theory its possible to create a script to modify the iptables to block the domain calendar . google . com whilst allowing play . google . com to pass through . droidwall 's set of rules are a bit too generic though , but you can most certainly set the custom script by hitting menu from within droidwall itself and use it to suit your custom needs : ) the ip address for calendar . google . com is 173.194.33.37 . and for play . google . com is 173.194.33.37 . sure they are the same , but you need to find out what port is the calendar using , same for play . linky here that explains how to do add custom script .
basic walkthrough for any phone : alternative 1: flash a cwm recovery for samsung , use heimdall . download for ' galaxy s2' or ' sgh-i777' , depending on what you own heimdall also supports a dump command that can be used to backup all flash beforehand command to flash : heimdall flash --recovery CWM-recovery.img enter the newly installed cwm recovery do a backup in cwm to your external sdcard ( be sure there is enough space left ) switch off and check the backup on your pc ( it is located in /clockworkmod/backup/ on the sdcard ) if you are sure your backup is ok , enter cwm again and do a full wipe reboot your phone , do the first-time-init ( google account and such ) install titanium backup + its pro key in titanium backup : extract from nandroid backup alternative 2: applicable if your fastboot mode supports the extended command ' boot ' compatible devices : google 's nexus line , htc desire with patched hboot loader and others steps : enter fastboot mode and load a recovery into ram ( without flashing ) : fastboot boot recovery.img continue with step 3 from ' alternative 1' alternative 3 ( samsung only , but broken on galaxy s i9000 ) : not tried yet , see this as an idea as for now . you are on your own with errors on extraction and restore heimdall implements a ' dump ' and command and a means to print the partition table ( pit ) : heimdall dump --chip-type NAND --chip-id 0 --output nanddump.out.img heimdall print-pit or heimdall download-pit --output nand.out.pit you may then cut the nand dump into pieces ( one for each partition ) and name them accordingly . if successfull , you can then access your data and continue at alternative 1 , step 8 or 4
as you are running ics , you might want to take a look at the question full backup of non-rooted devices . all you need for that is the android sdk on your computer . starting with ics , full backups are supported this way even if you are not rooted . details can be found in the linked question 's answers .
you should do the following : select one e-mail ( check mark next to the mail ) click on " menu " ( top right corner ) and " select all " now you can delete all emails
to remove some of the desktop panes , you will have to use an alternative launcher . unfortunately , i am not familiar with honeycomb so i can not give you any recommendations besides looking in the play store .
system tuner looks like it could help you figure out what is going on . excerpts from the app 's description : display log ( cat ) for all/one process ( even on jellybean android 4.1 ) record ( optionally at boot ) activities in the background record all apps or all processes allows analyzing past recordings without limits i did not try it for this special purpose , but the description suggests you can check what was going on when the device went down even afterwards : which processes were running , memory and cpu status , and more . as it is able to read system logs fine even on jellybean , it should be able to give you the information needed to figure out what is going on .
just press power + vol + then tap wipe data and press yes . hope this helps .
the problem is likely that the internal sd card to fat32 . while this may not stop android from working it does screw up many file system related commands/programs , permissions , etc . android usually uses ext3 , ext4 , or yaffs2 for the internal sd card . the manufacturer may be able to tell you which is the one they use . you can also try formatting the internal card to ext3 and doing a factory reset ; if it already successfully installed to fat32 , it should not have any problems with an ext file format . if in fact the manufacturer does use fat32 for the file system ( which would be very odd ) , it is possible that it uses a different cluster size than how you formatted it ( ie 4 , 8 , 16 or 32 kb ) , and the file utility is relying on that information to determine sizes and it is incorrect - producing a nonsensical output of 0 . many manufacturers also encode information into the boot sectors , etc . that you may have inadvertently wiped .
why is the internal storage no longer visible in thunar ? how can i restore it to its original state ? i do not know how to adapt these instructions to my model of mid first of all you need to get adb working ( android debug bridge if you want to learn more ) . specific information regarding this is available at adb for android developers ( archos internet tablet ) as linked in the answer you provided . when you have adb ready , you should be able to run adb shell . this will give you the ability to give commands to adb and we can start accessing the device . i am quoting the answer you linked here : if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the '$' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd ./dev/block/vold  if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -F 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/  this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . please follow these steps and report if it works or not , please supply any error messages and i will try to help you further to the best of my abilities . is that normal that “internal flash storage” is reported as “0” ? will this give me any problems ? this is likely just due to the fact that the internal storage is not detected by the device . it does not necessarily mean that it is broken or lost forever . i would also like to add as a final point that messing with the partitions on the internal storage is usually a very bad idea . do not do it unless you know exactly what you are doing and why . you should always assume that messing with partitions can lead to data loss .
i found a solution to stream your google music to any device that is dlna enabled . it is an android app called bubbleupnp . what it does is it accesses your google music account , adds the titles to your local library ( only the titles , think of them as links to the google music library ) and then starts a dlna server on your phone . this means that any device that can access dlna servers can play this music , thus it now also has access to your google music tracks . how to do this : download the bubbleupnp app . buy the bubbleupnp license ( ~$4 ) - well worth the money ! start the app , go to library and select google music . give permission to the app and wait for the scanning process to finish . with the server started on your android device , access it from any dlna capable device ( tv , pc , smartphone , tablet , etc . ) . in the music section you should now also see your google music tracks . downside is the fact that you can not " send " a track from google music ( from your android device ) to be played on the dlna device but you have to play it from the dlna device directly . hope this helps !
i have encountered this message as well . its one of your applications . try to uninstall the last three applications you have installed if you remember their order .
any application that uses receive_boot_completed permission can run when the phone boots ( i.e. . when it is first turned on ) , in your case to display a toast message . try checking the permissions on your ( recently installed ) apps . any application that uses " start on boot " permission is a candidate for your problem . to further answer your question , i doubt it is a virus , especially if the app in question is installed from official sources . most likely just a feature developer implemented to notify himself .
after researching this in local forums , it turned out to a sim card issue . my carrier had a series of yellow sim cards that for some reason caused this problem . i had my carrier replace it , and i have been on cm ever since ( with a short break for aokp ) .
as of version 1.2.5 , tethering has been included in afwall+ , you should only need to enable ( tethering ) - dhcp+dns services
i had the same problem with wifi tethering after i installed droidwall . though the wifi connection was successful but i got no internet access . i got it working simply by adding the dns in my laptop . hope , it works for you or anyone facing the same problem . change/add dns 4.2.2.2 and 8.8.8.8 in your pc/laptop . that is it .
it is normal to disable droidwall , for the reason that it blocks any incoming packets for port 67 , to allow wifi tethering to work . or quite simply , allow a custom script that matches the port number 67 which is dhcp to pass through . fyi about droidwall - the functionality and development efforts have been discontinued and the author sold it off to avast . the fork of droidwall is called afwall+ which can be found here and found on google play which is apparently better than the old droidwall . edit since wifi-tether operates on both tcp/udp 's port number 67 ( for dhcp to work ) , here 's the rules necessary : $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -p TCP --destination-port 67 -j RETURN $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -p UDP --destination-port 67 -j RETURN  this rule here enables adbwireless to work with droidwall enabled . $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" --destination "0.0.0.0" --destination-port 5555 -j RETURN  you also have to enable wi-fi access for " apps running as root " for this to work .
it was indeed wifi channels ( as per phunehehe is comment ) - setting the router to use band 11 suddenly brought the access point back into being detectable . excellent .
yes i used to have this problem , where the phone connects once and then again i connect and face the same problem as you , then again i restart my phone and it is ok . this happens if you disconnect your phone with out ejecting the drive properly , one remedy is reset . but mine is ok after a few times , hope yours will be too .
the last official version for the g1 was android 1.6 . if you want android 2.0+ , you must root the device and install a custom rom such as cyanogenmod . full instructions and other information can be found here . note that the g1 is no longer supported after cm6 ( android 2.2 ) , but there may be other custom roms available to obtain gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) .
yes , but not without rooting it and modding it . my g1 came with 1.6-donut installed . find recommendations on suitable roms at g1 misbehaving -- can i ( should i ? ) reinstall donut ?
possibly not according to engadget : pioneering t-mobile g1 owners have been enjoying the spoils of android 1.5 ( or cupcake , as it is known ' round these parts ) for months now , but it looks as if that very treat will be the last taste of confectionery goodness that the smartphone gets . according to android software engineer dave sparks , a time is soon coming when devs " wont be able to fit the latest [ android ] release on the g1 's internal flash , " and yet another engineer has chimed in via twitter to say that he " can not promise " that any update after 1.5 will fit . for whatever reason , htc gifted the g1 with an incredibly meager amount of internal flash , and considering that no android phone will support app storage / loading from a microsd card , there is no way to free up room for donut , eclair or flan . you have been a real champ , g1 , but without 2.0+ , we just can not give you the love and devotion you truly need . go on , call us fickle -- we deserve it . however , i am sure there will be a hacked release available , since droiddog reports video 's showing android 2.0 running on a g1 . so keep an eye out for the guys over at xda developers for getting a cooked rom . most likely it will be possible , but they probably will not support it . . .
if it is a t-mobile release , they will download it to your phone . i have received two upgrades since getting my phone in april . i believe android is a platform on top of which the phone carriers build their specific release .
in case this helps someone with the same problem , i have the solution : i had to check the Settings - Wireless and network - Mobile network - Use packet data check box . when this was done , i could send picture mms messages . maybe obvious for some . . but it sure was one setting i thought i should not need just to send an mms message .
is simple , after you press play you need to press menu > attached and finaly save , you can see the picture in gallery .
if you have troubles sending text message- attaching a photo , go to settings > applications > manage applications , select tap all , press " messaging " and finaly press clear data . your " use packet data " must to be activated .
i had to select Settings --&gt; Wireless and Network --&gt; Mobile network settings and under network operators i had to search and then choose my provider that came up in the list .
i had exactly the same problem . photo messages just said «sending» but never went . solved problem by enabling packet data and turning on 3g . wifi does not work . once i had done that photos were sent instantly .
i had a similar problem in the uk with orange after i rooted my phone . settings all looked correct . deleting the two apn profiles that were there and re entering them by hand following instructions on a page similar to those provided by @matthew read fixed it . i urge you to try deleting and re-entering the apn 's by hand .
i assume you have a belgian carrier ? some sites you can check for mms settings : base and simyo : http://googleandroidwiki.com/index.php/carrier:apn_list#belgium_carriers proximus : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=544312 mobistar and others ( in the listing ) : http://androidforums.com/2146157-post2.html
i have had a similar problem , apns ' appeared ' correct , company phone so the liaison guy reported the issue to telco ( o2 ) , settings needed sending over the air to fix , and something their end . . . . had to wait a few hours for the settings to be received but mms etc did start working .
you could check your mms apn settings , they can be found in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names . there should be some reference to mms settings and it should have your operator 's mms settings . also , check out the settings found in Messaging -&gt; Menu button -&gt; Settings -&gt; Multimedia message (MMS) settings -&gt; Creation mode . verify these and try again : )
have you tried mx video player with the mx video player codec ( armv7 ) ?
this has nothing to do with the file being of type mp4 and everything to do with the video codec being used . if you have video files that are not playing particularly well on the tablet , you should consider looking at handbrake , a free piece of software that allows you to convert video formats . in-depth instructions are available at how to : handbrake and a500 on xda-developers . basically , you want to use the following settings in the application : load your video in handbrake picture tab - set anamorphic to loose and width to 1280 video tab - select constant quality with a value of 20 audio tab - audio codec aac ( faac ) , mixdown dolby pro logic ii , samplerate auto , bitrate 160 , drc 0.0 there are some settings that can be tweaked in the advance tab ( see the forum post i linked ) . you can then save this profile in handbrake and run this for any video files you encounter . for playback on the iconia , i use mobo player but there are others that work fine .
you could give a try to a pre-alpha version of vlc . be warned this is not a finalized application and there might be errors , but it is still worth a try .
i can not answer the first part of your answer . for the question better mp4 player i would suggest you mobo player and rock player .
from swype forum : swype 3.25 update problems - parse error , data error , download failed , password reset [ snip ] if you are experiencing either of these problems please uninstall swypeinstaller and get it again from our beta site : http://beta.swype.com/android/get this should get you up and running . do not forget to uninstall the previous swypeinstaller ( i do not think you need to uninstall swype itself , only the swypeinstaller ) . if you still have any issue after uninstalling and reinstalling swypeinstaller , you should bring the issue to the swype forum ; they will be able to help better than anyone here .
can i search for android apps that are in hebrew or kurdish ? no . afaict , there is nothing that marks the language used in the app . are all apps automatically translated into all languages ? no . the complexity of reliable machine translation so is currently beyond our current technology ; natural language processing and machine translation is still a hot research topic .
the locale app might also be able to do this .
i am not 100% sure because i have never used the app myself , but knowing that it has a million features i am sure tasker could handle this . tasker
