i can not speak specifically to the defy , but if you have got the stock android contacts app and you are syncing to google , you can tell the phone which groups to display . from the contacts app Menu | Display options | {account} . then check the groups you want to see , and the uncheck the ones you do not . " my contacts " is going to be pretty much everything under your account . if memory serves , this is only for display ; the contact info is still on the phone .
i found dialer one which works exactly how i want : display in the contact list only the groups i want to display , with a big phone icon on the right to initiate the call .
because that website is providing an Invalid Certificate when opened . use chrome/firefox and add a security exception to open the page i.e. click on Continue anyway when prompted .
i had a similar issue - only seemed to happen when power had got really low and wifi was on . the way i got around it was : connect to charger shut down nexus hold " volume down " and power button until it wakes up on the bootloader screen , press up until it says " recovery mode " press power you should see the android logo with a red exclamation mark press and hold power , and then press " volume up " which should take you to the recovery menu . once in recovery mode , leave plugged in and fully charge ( several hours ) . once fully charged shut down and restart and it should get past the x . good luck !
if you install a completely original rom for the device , it will be unrooted . flashing the correct stock rom for your device will revert it back to its original factory state . remember to wipe both the cache and data when you flash . in the post you linked it also says : notice : these are not rooted , and contain radio/hboot rom updates
i am not sure about vietnamese , but for example in finnish , there are some extended characters that are problematic . this is because some pages are encoded as iso-8859-15 and some are utf-8 . if autodetection in the browser fails , they will be displayed as boxes or garbage . the same thing happens if the font only supports one encoding and the page uses the other . i would recommend to check the encoding of the font and the encoding of the pages you tried , and change the font if necessary .
i do not know how your stock messaging app works , but handcentsms does this exact thing , and very well at that !
first confirm that your photos and videos are not in your sd card . to do that unmount and remove your sd card from the phone and try to use the camera and see your previous photos . if they are still coming up then the photos are stored in your phone internal memory . if the photos are not coming and shows any warning message something like " please insert sd card " then all your photos and videos are stored in sd card . i do not think so that the photos and videos are stored in internal memory as it is for system data not for user data there might be a different folder where it stores the pictures on your sd card .
connect the phone to your pc and choose as connection " disk drive " . selecting this connection mode is mandatory , otherwise you will not be able to implement the steps below . also remember that , by default , your pictures are located in the \DCIM\100Media folder on the internal storage . to move your photos and define a new storage location ( i.e. . the sd card ) proceed as follows : copy/paste the 100Media folder on the internal storage into the dcim folder on the sd card ( if no DCIM folder exists you can just create it ) . delete the 100Media folder from the internal storage . note that at this point there is no more 100Media folder on the internal storage , but there is one on the sd card . unplug the phone from your pc . note that the camera does not work when the phone is connected to pc in usb storage mode . open the camera application and try to take a picture . the dialog box " define storage location " pops up with the following question : " do you want switch to the memory card ? " select ok . then , the following message appears : " press the screen to activate the camera " . finally , the camera is on and you can take some pictures for a test . after making some pictures , reconnect the phone to your pc and check that the test pictures are stored on the sd card . have fun !
i have a htc desire and in my case non of the other answers worked . but i solved it in his way . do not go into the camera app settings . go into the general phone settings . the path is then . . . settings/storage here i was able to define the default writing media from internal to sdcard . this includes also the camera app . now my pictures can be saved either on the internal or the sd by default . you should also notice that the amount of pictures or the rest space changes . in the htc wildfire i had before this was done in the camera apps under settings . the thing with the move the folder and to the sdcard did not work . the phone just created the same folder again .
judging by your description , i believe your phone is the desire c . to set it to send pics to the actual sd card rather than the pseudo-sd card in internal memory , you had open the camera app , hit the menu and there should be a " storage " option you can set to " phone " or " storage card " .
i have ( or rather had , until a few minutes ago ) a desire c , with sd card , but photos storing on internal memory . unfortunatly , the previous suggestion is no option in desire c , as there is no " storage " option in the camera app . the phone should , but does apparantly not always , default to storing pictures on the sd card . what i did to try and solve this problem , i connected the phone to my pc as usb storage . ( this connection mode is important , otherwise you cannot do the following . ) my pictures where in the \dcim\100media folder on the internal storage . i did the following copy the 100media folder on the internal storage . paste it into the dcim folder on the sd card ( in my case there was a dcim folder , if not i would suggest you can just create it . i have not tried that ) . remove the 100media folder from the internal storage ( and keep it on the desktop , just in case ) . at this point is no 100media folder on the internal storage , but there is one on the sd card . unplug the phone from the pc , as camera does not work when connected to pc in usb storage mode . try to make a picture . actually the phone asked me : do you want to switch to sd ? happy to oblige . . . . it did apparently not create a new 100media folder in the internal storage , exactly as i had hoped it would not . after making some test pictures , i checked by connecting to pc again as usb storage , and voilà , the pictures where on the sd card now . looking back , i may have had a question on storage when i first inserted the sd card , but i do not remember . i might have , since i got this queston now . if i did i must have answered it incorrectly .
if the bootloader comes locked , it can be easily unlocked . google does not let the flagship devices be sold any other way , since they are designed for development . endgadget says it is sim locked . this review says it is unlocked , but i bet they did not buy it with a contract . the specs for best buy 's " t-mobile version " state that it works for edge ( 2.5g ) on the 850 and 1900 mhz frequency bands , in addition to others , which are what at and t uses . so edge should be usable on any gsm network in the world ( i can not find the specs to see if the at and t version is likewise compatible ) . 3g/hspa will not work on at and t and some others , though , since it is limited to the 900/1700/2100 bands used by t-mobile . google confirms this info .
a review on best buy 's website suggested that the at and t nexus s is sim unlocked . the author of the review claims that he was able to insert a t-mobile sim card immediately after purchasing the phone without any issues . this make sense since google touts the lack of a sim lock on ( its nexus s feature page ] ( http://www.google.com/nexus/#/features ) . all information that i can find online supports the idea that the at and t version , even if it bought subsidized , is sim unlocked . the only source i could find suggesting otherwise is the engadget article previously mentioned , but that claim seems unsourced ( and therefore likely incorrect ) . since the nexus s is intended to be a developer phone , all models should have bootloaders that are easily unlocked .
there is a clause in the openstreetmap tile usage policy which does not allow offline storage : bulk downloading is strongly discouraged . do not download tiles unnecessarily . in particular , downloading significant areas of tiles at zoom levels 17 and higher for offline or later usage is forbidden without prior consultation with a system administrator . these tiles are generally not available ( cached ) on the server in advance , and have to be rendered specifically for those requests , putting an unjustified burden on the available resources . . . . from locus itself , you can also see that osm is not downloadable , versus google 's ( assumed to have limits , as mentioned in their tos ) .
yup . if your contacts were successfully synced with your google account you can easily move them to your new phone using the same google account . any android phone from any company can be used to restore the accounts synced with your google account .
if your phone is rooted , you have the option of placing the key in a ' protected ' area in which any application requesting to access the file would need to be given root access by you . this provides very little protection in the case of an attacker gaining physical access to your phone . you can also create a key that requires a pass-phrase to be entered in order to unlock and use the key . you should consider spending four or five additional seconds in order to login to your server in order to protect your assets . as previously mentioned , android is moving towards full disk encryption , which will substantially increase security of the device in general .
i use ssh in a terminal . so the private key is protected simply by the unix filesystem and android 's user-per-app design : only better terminal emulator pro can read id_rsa , and only ssh and other programs i am aware of run under it . whatever your app is , it need only do this to enjoy the same security from other apps . full-sdcard encryption , unless it comes packaged with a filesystem having a comparable system of permissions , will not protect your data from other apps .
this could be caused by a variety of reasons , the primary reason being an incompatible recovery , where the appropriate variables are not correctly set . try using another recovery ( example : twrp ) , and see if you are getting this error . a temporary solution for this would be : you could just open up the zip file , extract the meta-inf/com/google/android/updater-script file , and remove the getprop lines , which look like : getprop ( xyz ) == " xyzyxz" ) ; lines from it . these lines are usually in the beginning of the updater-script file . as you say that the rom is " for " your device , this should cause no problems . then , just drag-drop back the updater-script file , back into the zip . now , flashing would not be causing any problems . note that : use programs like 7-zip , or winrar , while extracting the updater-script file . use the notepad++ text-editor , or alternatives like geany , which support the linux eol formats .
please make sure that your build.prop in the /system folder is configured correctly and has the variable ro.product.device set , often time in custom roms the build . prop is not configured completely and some of these variables are necessary for certain functionality checks . you can open it up in a text editor and look for it and make sure it is set and there are no bad characters in there that might affect it being parsed properly . also check these variables and make sure they are set as well , it is good to have them : ro . product . model=xxx ro . product . brand=xxx ro . product . name=xxx ro . product . device=xxx ro . product . board=xxx ro . product . manufacturer=xxx
there is an app called screen resolution that will tell you the , ummm , screen resolution : ) what device do you have , i have seen some specs for devices coming with a 12.1 mp camera , mostly by sony ericsson , but i do not think they are out yet , so it is possible that the manufacture is not lying .
there is another app called device dicoverer that give you a lot information about your device . you can also send info by email or you view you info on site . info stored anonymously i am the developer : ) i hope that will help you
you should be able to use Settings &gt; About phone &gt; Hardware information &gt; Display e.g. on my phone , it says "3.7 inch wvga resolution " ( then of course , you would have to discover what wvga is . . . ) the hardware information screen should also tell you the camera specs too .
if you follow much the same path that nick suggested , but instead go to Settings &gt; Display &gt; Display Resolution it should show you the options for your screen resolution . as for your photos , take a picture , put it on your computer and check the resolution . and let us know if you actually have a 12.1 mp camera ! ! : )
you can visit this site from your phone 's web browser which will show you your screen resolution , android version and device id .
there are many sites you could visit ( from the browser ) that will give you this detail . ex : http://ocupado.eu/info
i am going to risk the fact that samsung probably makes this mechanism similar across systems . on my samsung galaxy s3 , from the phone log entry , hard press the intended number until the context menu comes up after a second or so . select ' add to contacts ' , and a contacts template comes up for the intended data , which allows you to add to an existing contact or create a new one .
loudness compensation boosts the volume on the high and low ends of the frequency band . as you might expect , the higher you set it , the more it boosts . it is mostly useful for balancing out the sound on cheap headphones , which tend to have poor response at the upper and lower bounds of their range . if you are putting worthwhile sound equipment in/on/around your ears , you probably want to leave it disabled .
honeycomb was a tablet-only version of the os it was only ever released for a few devices the source code was never released not released until the source for ice cream sandwich was available , and even then the android devs noted that 3 . x source was not complete it never had much in the way of market share see also : what percentage of users use each of the android versions ? is android 3.0 honeycomb only for tablets ?
to build on al everett 's answer : yes , 3 . x was a tablet only version of android . the user base is phone dominated until more recently , but now android tablets are coming with 4 . x . since the first android tablets came out with 2 . x ( the first galaxy tab ) i am assuming that there was an initial tablet crowd that picked that up instead of an ipad , which was dominant in the market at the time to begin with , and then when 3 . x came out there was some hesitation for the unfamiliar since there was no way of knowing what 3 . x was like since it was not available for the phones that users already possessed .
for a vendor to release a 3 . x tablet its hardware needs to be approved by google . very few vendors hardware was approved to release their tablet with 3 . x version . devices with 3 . x are less in the market so are the downloads
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
i am also a android phone user . to my knowledge it is not possible . when you import all your conatacts it dumbs everything into a single * . vcf file where with only this file you can export it to an other phone , it does not allow users to select their individual contacts to do so as you have mentioned . the only way is to delete it manually by choosing the contacts individually .
not exactly . here is what i ended up doing . maybe it will work for you : in my case , i wanted an appointment to appear at a specified time on the last day of the month and remind me 1 hour early . i ended up making my appointment on the 1st day of every month and then setting reminders to sms message me 25 hours early and 24 hours early , respectively . it seems that if you want it exactly on the last day , most people resort to setting up 12 separate appointments , one for each month , that repeat annually . but , then you will have that 29th day of february to deal with as was the case this year . mine worked anyway . . .
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
for contacts and calendar entries , move the contacts to the google cloud with google sync , then activate the android device with the same account . note:if you created more than one google calendar , you will need to make sure they are all selected for sync on the phone ( open the calendar app , menu > more > calendars ) . not sure about notes/sms/bookmarks , although if you can get the bookmarks off of symbian and into chrome you can use chrome marks or chrome to phone to move them to android .
if you enabled " my location " in Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use wireless networks then your cell/wifi and/or gps data will be sent to google to triangulate your location if there is an application in the phone that requested for location . your gps data may also be sent to google if you are using google latitude , google navigation , location-aware search , or use other location-based services . third party applications may also track your location , read their privacy policy before installing those applications if you are concerned . edit : according to android central android does the same sort of thing , boys and girls . and it is supposed to . but it does it right . instead of saving days and weeks and months of location data , it saves the 50 most recent cellular gps locations , and 200 most recent wifi fixes . and it is stored in a little file on your phone . . . . you can shut off android 's location services and stop further caching of location data . it is in settings> location and security .
i have a nexus s for t-mobile , and i have enjoyed it so far . there is only been one update for the nexus s so far , to 2.3.3 . i did not get it the first day , so i installed it myself . unless sprint turns it off , you should be able to tether . i can both over wifi and usb . i have never needed to root , and i am a rather advanced android user . you can unlock the bootloader without doing anything fancy on the nexus s . i truly enjoy having a clean phone . there are a few apps installed by google that i can not remove ( with root you can ) , but they do not bug me much . it does not have the load of crapware that most carriers apply , and it definitely does not have the various awful custom uis manufacturers feel they need to add . it runs fast for everything i do , including some light gaming ; i generally wait till i am at my pc to game , but it plays angry birds and robot unicorn attack just fine .
" application name " when it comes down to ddms and adb means the package name of an android application . therefore when creating an ddms logcat filter , you have to enter the applications package , for example for google maps com.google.android.apps.maps .
the package which the game downloads ( after installing from google play that is ) is downloaded to the sd card . your best bet is to remove the app from ' manage applications ' option under settings .
you can delete the cache for play store and download provider . Settings - &gt; Applications - &gt; All (tab) - &gt; app name - &gt; Clear Cache  the space requirements vary app by app but all of them take up more than they package size .
yah , the system will crash if you do not have enough disk space to download and unpack an apk . a really silly design flaw that is been around since the first android os version . anyway , the offending data is probably stuck in a cache somewhere , such as the system tmp directory . go through Settings &gt; Applications and click on the All tab . scroll down until you can click on the entry for " play " and then click the " clear cache " button to ditch stuff in the google play cache folder . do not click " clear data " as this will put google play back to the factory default settings . it will list how much space the cache is taking up above the button , btw . if that is not much help , you can also try clicking on other apps and clearing their caches . ( map , email and browser apps usually have a boatload ) you might also want to download and install a cache cleaner to wipe the other caches clean if you are running low on space ; something might be a disk hog .
from the sound of your question , it sounds like your earphone jack is faulty and is not recognising that earphones are connected . you would have to send your device for repair .
the youtube app has been and continues to be a laggy little dingleberry . here are a few things to try : is there the same level of lag when you try to load the video from youtube.com? have you tried an alternative youtube app like viral ? when updating to the latest nightly , do you clear your dalvik cache ?
you can use android debug bridge ( adb ) shell to issue basic linux commands on your phone , just like you would in a terminal emulator app . to install you will need to do the following : on the phone go to Settings -&gt; About phone , and tap on " build number " seven times . this enabled developer tools . go back to the main settings screen and you should now see Developer options under the " system " section . go to Developer options , enable " android debugging " option , and then tap OK on the verification prompt . on your pc download the android sdk tools from here . you can either download the whole sdk , or just the stuff necessary to connect to your phone , which is on the same page , under " download for other platforms -> sdk tools only " section . install the tools you just downloaded . download and install the usb drivers for your phone ( usually provided by the manufacturer . ) re-connect your phone to the pc with a usb cable . open command prompt ( assuming windows , ) navigate to where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . " c:\android-sdk\platform-tools\" ) and type in the following : adb devices if all of the above was done successfully , a prompt should pop up asking you to allow connections from this computer . accept the pairing request , and the prompt should show your phone 's id . if this does not happen - it usually means that the drivers are not installed correctly . back at command prompt , type in adb shell and press enter , and you should be connected to the phone 's terminal . this should get you started . adb commands are listed on google 's site here . the shell provides some basic linux commands like ls , cp , etc . be aware that most file and device management commands will require root ( i.e. . elevated privileges , ) which is a separate topic .
alternatively to the adb variant described by chahk ( which requires at least a minal installation of adb on your computer ) , you can install a ssh server app on your device ( examples include , but are not restricted to , ssh server , digisshd , servers ultimate ) . then you can use the ssh command on linux/mac , or a tool like putty on windows , to connect to your device and run shell commands , as if you were using a terminal app on the device itself .
no , it is not possible . an update by default saves all files and settings . but you should do a factory reset before giving it to the service people ( be sure to backup all files before resetting ) . to reset , goto settings > backup and reset > factory reset after you press ok , your phone will be reset and all old files , apps , settings , etc will be deleted .
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
samsung phones that are running touchwiz ( samsung 's fork of android ) do not support native themeing , as is the case with other manufacturers such as sony and acer . you can check if you are running touchwiz by dialing *#0*# on your dialer - if a new screen appears , you are most definitely running touchwiz . to achieve support for the theme apps you see on the play store , you need to install or flash a custom android rom , such as cyanogenmod and paranoidandroid .
i do not think you can set separate default numbers . however what you could do is set a shortcut to message that contact and leave the default number empty so it can prompt you when you call . to set a message shortcut : long press on the home-screen , select " shortcut " , then select " direct message " . this will launch your default messaging app to send a message to that contact to whichever number you set when you create the shortcut . hope this helps
warning - i have not tried this . i have a lot of experience with android but have not specifically tried hacking google services on to a non aosp based rom . i recommend that you make a full nandroid backup through clockworkmod or any other recovery tool before you attempt this . if you can not backup , i would think seriously about not trying this . that said - google does not like rom developers ship their roms with all the google framework apps installed , which is good for you because it means that everything you need to get up and running properly with the playstore , gmail , google accounts etc can be found in one handy zip file . have a read up of this page , take note of this paragraph : google apps packages are not cross-compatible with other major android versions . for example , the 20120224 pack for ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) is not compatible with gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) . likewise , the drc83 package for donut ( android 1.6 ) will not work with honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) . flashing an incompatible package may cause a variety of bugs , boot-loops , crashes , force-closes , kernel panics , plagues , rashes , coughing , sneezing , headaches , diarrhea , vomiting blood , blood dripping from scrotum , thermonuclear war , unending tic-tac-toe games , mayan doomsday , flooding , purple pustules forming on the face , a bricked device , exploding batteries , or nothing at all . regardless , it is not recommended , and support will not be provided by any competent developer to a user who has done so . the file which matches your os version ( gingerbread , 2.3 ) is http://goo.im/gapps/gapps-gb-20110828-signed.zip . flash this file via the recovery console , or you can install manually by following the script at \meta-inf\com\google\android\updater_script . again i warn you that you could mess up your device , and i am willing to bet there are not that many roms out there if you mess up the current one . good luck !
you have got quite a few apps that can do it : wifi file explorer wifi file transfer 3rd : wifidroid , it does not let me post more than two links because of my reputation , but you can search in google . 4th : airdroid , it allows you to transfer anything , and even control your phone with it . i have used the first too , both free and pro versions , i like the 2nd more , the 3rd i never used .
the pro version of wifi file transfer allows files of up to unlimited sizes to be transferred . you type the ip of the phone in the url bar , and it takes you to the root directory of the phone , where you can go to the sd card , or internal storage . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.smarterdroid.wififiletransferpro
there are a couple of options : ftp : access your phone via ftp . an allrounder would be es file explorer . use an ftp client on your computer or i.e. the firefox add-on fireftp . access the mobile hotspot open es file explorer > tools > remote manager > start . . . enter ftp-address in fireftp to access files from the mobile ( no system files ! ) samba : use the samba protocol if you rooted your device . samba filesharing is a good app . you can than connect your phones storage as a network drive on the computer . ssh : it is possible to mount the phones storage on the computer using sshfs . on a rooted android device , use sshdroid and on the computer you have to find solutions to support sshfs , ie . for windows it is win-sshfs . it dempends highly on your setup . the difficulty varies between the various os'es .
check out volume control + . this app lets you control the volume for the following : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system . each sound profile ( e . g . silent , vibrate , general ) can be configured .
suggestion : foldersync does support tasker , and tasker supports file events . idea based on a post : to detect the arival of a new file , use " file modified " but long press the folder instead of selecting a file within it . now tasker will monitor changes to the folder . so : use tasker to monitor tibu 's backup directory . if tasker detects changes , give it a wait for 5 minutes ( which should allow tibu to finish the backup ) , then let it trigger foldersync to synchronize with your windows share : condition : time → between x and z ( optionally , to minimize battery consumption . x should be at least a few minutes before the scheduled backup , z a few minutes after . make sure that z = the scheduled backup time plus the wait in below task plus some margin for the sync to complete ) event → file event → file modified ( select directory as described above ) task : tasker → wait ( 5 min , or whatever you feel best ) plugins → foldersync → ( whatever the action is called there )
gallery vault uses encryption to hide media . if you have done a factory reset , then there is no way to recover your previous data , even if the file still " exists " . to decrypt , you would need some sort of decryption key or file , and chances are you lost it when you did a factory reset .
reading the faq available at thinkyeah website , they state that the encrypted files are stored in the folder .thinkyeah/galleryvault located on the sd card . further more , they state that if you install the application again and use your previous password you are able to retrieve all of your secured files . relevant faq entries : where are the encrypted files ? if gallery vault was uninstalled , can i find my photos and vedios back ? since the encrypted files are located on the sdcard , and assuming that the encryption key/file is located on that location or within the vault file itself , you are able to recover your files installing the application and using your old password . since you already mentioned that you still have the " vault " file , all appears to be in order , go ahead and try .
you only need to remember the passphrase . i have done this before . if you are worried , you could always create a nandroid backup of your entire system , then wipe and install a custom rom . install tb , and try to restore an app with just a passphrase . if it needs something you lack , then you have your answer and can go back to recovery and restore the nandroid . but as i said , i have done this process already and know that the password is all that is needed .
the faq of titanium backup about crypthography states that you just need the passphrase to recover any backup . that must mean that the private key file is stored along with all of your backups , because it could never work in any other ways . the big problem with that faq is that it should states this explicitly imho so to make things clearer for us users . i took a peek at the first bytes of some backupped file ( i am talking about the application data here , because titanium backup does not backup apks period ) , guess what i saw ? i found the very same ascii sequence in the first lines of the backup files : those files are named something . gz but they are actually not gzip files ( because of the key that has been put in front of them . gzip files begin with hex codes 1f 8b 08 . those files do not ) . if you run linux and want to check it out , download two of your backups on the pc and try this command , that shows the first four lines of the file : $ head -n 4 cgeo.geocaching-20130919-000250.tar.gz  my output is : quite odd for a binary file , is not it ? by the way that must be , yes , my tb private key enciphered with my passphrase . i do not give a thing about sharing it because you would need my backup files and my passphrase as well , to get anything useful out of . now , if you run run the same command on a different backup file : $ head -n 4 com . amazon . kindle-20130919-000004 . tar . gz guess what ? you will get the same s*it ! this simply could not be a coincidence . : ) from a certain point onward everything in backup files finally becomes binary . this behavior makes a lot of sense because that would mean that we can only share the backup files and forget about everything - with the passphrase , we can recover our backups , period . still , i really think that the developer should document a procedure about how to recover our own legitimate data ( we know the passphrase , so it is us ! ) from any computer with a decent crypto tools set ( read : openssl ) .
not a description of all system files that can be removed but the cyanogen barebones page gives a pretty good description of which system applications can be removed and how . this may help you clear out some space . details here : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/index.php?title=barebones
as @roxan seemed to be indicating , there is a legal suit against htc in which apple claimed a patent on this ability to convert clicking on phone numbers and email addresses into actionable links on smartphones . this december 2011 article says : apple also has civil patent infringement cases against htc and samsung . both asian rivals have also filed their own retaliatory actions to the itc and in u . s courts and this article indicates apple opened four lawsuits ( as of february 2012 ) against samsung for patent infringement , including the ability to make phone numbers clickable . so it looks as if other manufacturers may be rolling back this feature early , for fear of apple 's patent troll tearing down their towns and eating their goats ( and your ability to click phone numbers ) .
if you are using google talk and have a gmail account , your chats are automatically logged in gmail . if you search for label:chat , you should be able to find that conversation and copy the text from your gmail application . btw , i think that the fact that you can not copy the text from the chat app really needs to be fixed .
the google play error -18 indicates an app update fails to write to sd ( due to some left-overs from a previous installation of the same app ; see e.g. in the app description of vitalplayer , this post on xda , or try this customized google-search for 11.900 xda-results on the same topic ) . the recommended solution is to move the app to internal storage , trigger the update again , and then optionally move the app back to sd . from this i conclude : the app gets updated in the selected storage .
from my experience with my droid after this functionality was added to android , updates " go " to where the app is . that is , i did not need to re-move the app to the sd card after an update . as far as i know the functionality for that has not regressed . ( actually , i do not think much work has been done on it at all . google would like for phones to just have internal storage . ) that said , there is probably more chance of something going wrong with an update in that scenario . you may find occasionally that you have to move an app back to internal storage to update and then move it back to the sd card . or possibly re-install . but it is probably rare . i do not currently have a device with 4.3 and an sd card , so this is a bit of conjecture based on my experience with an older version of the os . caveat emptor .
yes , this is well possible . ususally , the manufacturer advises to use its cables only . but usually , there is no problem with other cables . however , there might be a problem with the phases of the cable . sometimes if a cable is folded one or more of the phases can break or a solder joint at the jack might be loose . if it is the wrong one , your phone might charge very slow or even not at all . but you also mention that your battery drains fast . you can take a look at it by using apps like better battery stats by chamonix or the usual battery monitor . if you do not find any strange energy-consuming threads , then it might well be the cable - either a defect like broken phase .
something that may be easier to install is bluestacks . i think it should meet your needs . edit : well . . . except it is not ics :p i would then go to sdk emulators . . .
recent versions of the sdk include a native x86 android image . ( http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html ) http://android-x86.org offers a 4.0 image that can be run from virtualbox . http://androvm.org/blog/ offers a jellybean ( 4.1 ) image for virtualbox . note that performance may not be so great .
from what i can tell , it looks like motorola is not offering that at launch but will try to support it in future upgrades : official motorola faq unless i am reading that wrong .
at least on older phones the unlock codes work directly from the dialing interface . try to enter the code as if you were calling it ( from the dialer ) .
i have solved the problem . the device has a custom rom and you cannot unblock them so . i had to flash the device with a stock one and odin and then it asked me for network key .
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
this is the due to the change in the supply current between the pc 's usb port and the actual plugin charger you got with your device . current from usb port is less compared to that of the charger . hence time required to charge phone from pc usb port is more as that of charger
i think it is the battery 's problem , you should get a new battery . i bought one from ravpower and problem solevd .
my guess would be that Media Scanner was scanning a lot of files . hence , eating up cpu resources and battery . now that you have lesser files , it is probably not working as hard . see if you have Media or android.process.media in System &gt; Battery . a rogue app or a corrupted file could be causing Media to work hard . you could also try to clear the phone 's cache to see if that helps . boot into recovery mode , and clear cache partition .
did you have a look at applications such as kioware and surelock kiosk lockdown ? these seem to be able to put your device to a kiosk environment . im certain there are more alternatives for this purpose out there . another option would be to implement your own home screen application . this answer from stackoverflow might help with that . cheers !
for a solution like a kiosk you would use dev hardware where you have full access to the hardware ( jtag for example ) and then you would push your own android build with root access enabled and then push the rom to the dev board . that said , for a kiosk type deployment you would not want root access available . therefore when you push your rom root would not be enabled . i think your confusing root access and an unlocked bootloader . by a dev board and learn how to build your own roms . : )
did you put these files in the directory , or did one of your apps ? if an app did it , it might have dropped a " . nomedia " file in there too . the presence of this file keeps android from adding the pictures the gallery . use a file explorer like astro to double check for the . nomedia file . you can safely manually delete it .
you can ' encourage ' the phone to rescan the sd card by unmounting and remounting it ( settings > sd and phone storage ) , or by using a little app from the market called ' sdrescan ' ( which essentially does the same thing ) .
according to the download page of htc sync manager , htc desire phones should be supported . in my case when i first started the application it started loading all my media files from my pc ( which took some time ) . after everything was loaded , the music etc was stored in my media gallery of the htc sync manager . if you want to disable the synchronisation of your phone on connect , disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab . in my case that tab was only available when you connect your phone ( probably to be able to use different settings for multiple phones ) . so maybe you should just try to reinstall the latest htc sync manager , because it should work for your phone too . just be a little patient .
the disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab did not work for me . even after this is unchecked , it still starts the program when i connect my phone . sometimes i am just looking for the charge . yet i have to wait for the program to load on each plug-in , then manually disable . real pain .
the first thing i would try to do is to retrieve the logs of the errors via adb , and/or crash dumps . retrieving the logs is tricky , since the log cache gets erased on reboot . if the phone reboots even while sitting on a charger , try running adb logcat continuously ( you will need android sdk and usb drivers installed and configured on your pc . ) when the phone reboots , look at the last several pages in the command prompt window for any errors or abnormalities . if you can not reproduce the reboots while the phone is hooked up to usb , i suggest installing an app like alogcat , and setting it up to write logs to the sd card on an interval . hopefully you will get lucky and catch the errors that way . you can also try pulling out the crash dumps via the following commands : su cat /proc/last_kmsg &gt; /mnt/sdcard/last_kmsg  this should create a file named " last_kmsg " on your sd card that contains last few debugging messages from the kernel . open it with any text editor and see if anything obvious shows up .
you can install the android sdk and use ddms to monitor the logcat . the thing with a logcat , it is cleared when the device reboots , but you may be able to get an idea of what is crashing if you are monitoring it before it reboots . you can probably also find unofficial cm9 nightlies for the galaxy s2 , but i am not sure what issues still exist for that device .
i had the same problem but in the few minutes it gave me each time i experimented and found that it stopped crashing if i went to the network update in the settings , even though there is no update available . it now works but i would annoying needing to do that every time .
i had a similar random-rebooting problem , and after one such reboot , i hooked up the phone to my laptop and ran " adb bugreport " on it . i got what looked like useful information , and attached it to the bug . so i think at least some log information survives a reboot . here 's the bug , btw : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=24118
you can try alogrec , and if you like it , the donate version . written by the same programmer that wrote alogcat , it continuously records the log ( logcat ) to your sd card . i have not tested it for how it reacts with restart from a crash , but i tested with a manual restart and the recorded log survived the restart and could see the shutdown sequence being logged . one downside is the log does not include timestamps . my t-mobile s ii had been crashing ( restarting ) when using basic features - ending a call ( once ) , taking a picture ( once ) or using navigation ( 3 times ) . i upgraded from ics 4.0.3 to 4.0.4 . so far it has been good . i wish i had known about alogrec while i was having these restarts .
i usually sign up for an rss feed on the project 's website , and add the feed to a separate group in google reader . since i sync up with reader twice a day , when an update to an app i am following is available i know about it the same day . for sites that do not provide a native rss feed , there are some services that can generate an rss feed on-the-fly , like feed43 or feedbeater , for example .
try using atrackdog , pretty sure that'll be what you are looking for !
you can not ssh from your phone to your mac when using mobile data because you are no longer on the same network , and thus can not use the internal ( rfc1918 ) address to reach it . when you are using wifi , it works because you are on the same network . in order to reach your computer when using mobile data on your phone , you must do both of : ssh to your computer 's public ip address ; and forward port 22 from your home router to the computer you want it to reach .
what exactly have you tried so far and what happened ? in any case , unrevoked should work to get you root . there is a step-by-step here on xda .
if you use a headset when listening to your music , and that headset has a button ( usually for accepting incoming calls ) , you might want to take a look at the many headset controller apps at google play . they allow you to play/pause with a short single press , skip forward/backward with double/triple click , adjust volume with holding the button , and much more . as not every app/headset/device combination works 100% satisfying , do not give up on the first try if it does not work out " ideally " -- but try the next one . took me 3 tries to find the perfect match for my device/headset : )
here are some apps to suite your needs : tactile player – control android music player using hard buttons " tactile player is my favorite tool which gets the job done and i must say , this one is a must for any music addict who wants to change songs using android’s hard buttons or play/pause the current playing song . when you are listening to music and don’t want to unlock android’s lock screen , simply enter the following commands press the volume up button two times to play the next track . press the volume down button two times to play the previous track . press the power button three times to pause or play the currently playing soundtrack . it works and the best part is that there are no settings and absolutely no configuration required on your music player app . the only catch is that the tactile player app must run in the background or else the default music player app won’t be able to receive your commands via the volume and power buttons . " simply lock screen – replace android’s default lock screen and add multimedia controls " simply lock screen is a wonderful lock screen replacement app for android which comes packed with basic multimedia features . you can show clock , date , time and media buttons on the lock screen itself , thereby allowing you to control the order of songs that is being played by android’s default media player app . simply lock screen adds three buttons on it’s lock screen , so you can play a previous or next track or pause the current one by tapping the respective buttons on the lock screen itself . this one is a good choice if you are looking for a better lock screen replacement with added features . "
it has not been updated since november , and was removed from the official market , but as far as i know it is still around . you can get it from http://android.modaco.com/content/software/320350/19-nov-r14-visionary-one-click-root/
samsung replaced the screen ( it was under warranty )
i would suggest a full wipe , maybe it is a glitch . otherwise it sounds like a hardware problem . by the way , i have understood that it is a bad idea to use a nandroid backup from another device since some device-specific information could be moved as well .
i was trying to partition my sd card so that my rooted samsung admire could access the ext2 partition . i am using link2sd to resolve my low internal memory issue . i bought a card reader and used minitool to delete all partitions and rebuild them per my first post . for some reason it works using the card reader , but not using the phone connected by usb , even though i have done it 3 times that way with my family members phones ( all samsung admire ) . john thanks for your reply
this sounds reminiscent of a " feature " that is present on the s iii . try going into the settings . in the device section , click display , then in the screen section , click screen mode . you probably want to change it from dynamic to standard . ( some of these things might be named differently on the s4 , in which case please edit the new names into this answer . )
is this similar to the yellow tint issue with the s2 before ? then , it is probably a hardware issue . related post : what to check when buying a used device in the link you gave , i would think that light_addict 's issue is hardware-related . see if your shop will replace it . try to compare it with other existing phones of the same model , using the same setting ; you might want to do a factory reset so they will believe you there is a difference in color .
you mentioned that you are not a us citizen , but do you live in the us and have a us phone number ? if not , google voice is not yet available outside us , and you just have to wait for them to expand the service .
there are some guides online about activating a non-us phone number on google voice . it usually requires acquiring of a us phone number , and installation of ip-spoofing software on your pc .
if you already have gvoice via other means , then the app should pick up the saved phone number from the web service . do not try to use your non-us number ( see onik 's answer ) . if you do have a us number , try to activate via the website instead of the app .
sounds like a hardware issue . i suggest promptly replacing it with your carrier before your return grace period is up ( 30 days with at and t , for example . ) you will need to do this at the same store where you purchased the handset . i have the exact same problem with my new atrix . unfortunately ( for me ) i unlocked its bootloader , so at and t is refusing to honor the warranty . i sent it in to motorola for repairs , but it is still doing the same thing ( moto was nice enough to re-lock the bootloader , but at and t is still not budging . ) in my case , i have a feeling that it is either damaged battery contacts on the phone , or perhaps a faulty battery itself . i am planning to send it to motorola again ( on their dime this time ) to see if they can fix it for real this time .
i have been noticing this too - it seems to only happen when i am enabling > 2g data access . i have managed to cut down the amount of reboots by installing cyanogenmod 7 and a custom kernel , which i found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1156040 it is down to 1 or 2 reboots a week now , which is manageable .
androirc supports PASS , although it is hidden in the settings . open the app , and press the menu key . then , select " servers " . press the menu key again , and select " new server " . look for the field " password": if you set a password , it will be sent with PASS .
yes , it is up to the carrier whether to distribute the update over their network , but it looks like the update did roll out on orange . strange that you did not get it and can not see it . that said , updating via htc sync is perfectly safe and will not void your warranty . it is nothing like rooting . i would think you should be able to take it into an orange location and they will update it for you , but i would just do it with htc sync myself . your link is for the 2.3 update , rather than the 2.2 update ; i do not know whether you can go directly from 2.1 to 2.3 with that update , but it should not hurt to try .
google talk was never on the android market . it should have come with your device if it was a " google approved " device , e.g. one that met their minimum requirements ( see this for the gingerbread requirements ) . the google apps that come pre-installed on devices are usually not listed publically on the market . an exception is maps , for example , which is not preloaded on some devices either . you should look under your app drawer for " talk " ( rather than " google talk " , it is easy to miss if you look for that instead ) . if it is not there it can probably be side-loaded if you root your device , but that is another issue .
without doing any research about it at all , this sounds like something that is right up winamp ' s alley . i know it supports streaming audio , but streaming video might be a different matter . edit : also , this guy suggests renaming . m3u8 files to . m3u as . m3u has wider support in apps . perhaps save the . m3u8 file you want from the web , rename the extension , and play it that way ?
i think vplayer can stream it for you . they have a free trial but after the trial it is like 4usd to unlock the full version .
m3u8 is the unicode version of m3u , which is simply a playlist file , providing a media player a list of media files to play . open it up in a text editor and you will see from the contents . it is a very simple format and most media players will pick it up . the default media player included in the android os uses m3u for its internal playlists . more info here . i suspect that is not what you are asking though , since you mentioned streaming . you do not " play " an m3u file , you play the content it refers to within . your best chance of success is to open the m3u [ 8 ] file on your pc and look at the actual video content url ( s ) and try to load one directly in your media player of choice . if that does not work , ask back here but provide the media url so we can attempt to work out its format . if you do find the underlying video stream format , this handy reference lists the supported stream types .
i found this article that explains how to disable it on the galaxy note i717 . i do not have a sg phone but i imagine the solution would be similar for yours . go to settings > manage applications > all apps locate badgeprovider and tap on it click on the disable button
this is because of the update not being done on a clean install . also samsung phones have touchwiz overlay on android which is a bit heavy . to make your phone fast do a full factory reset after taking a full data backup so that you can restore everything ! doing this would clean up any mess left behind by the update process . always try and do a clean install for a major update .
if you do not have data service at all on your secondary sim , you can not download the sms . since the sims are from different carriers , the primary sim can not connect to the other carrier 's mms service , and therefore the message can not be downloaded . the only solution would be to replace your primary sim with the secondary one , establish a data connection and download the mms . otherwise you can not download it .
i do not know if this applies to the s4 but on my nexus devices it shows up on my pc as a ' drive ' but i can not access anything until the phone is unlocked ( the normal screen lock - pattern/pin ) . if you have a screen lock set it should not allow access to the device until you unlock it .
they are the same thing , auto backup is basically just a new ( and more appropriate ) name . the only thing that changed is that now it uploads your pictures in original quality ( part of the reason why they bumped up everyone 's google drive limit to 15gb )
it should show your pictures as they are added ( aka not all-or-nothing ) . i would try rebooting your device , also check if maybe your battery level is low ( under i think 20% it does not upload , similar to dropbox )
close odin , disconnect your phone , restart odin , reboot your phone , put the phone into download mode again , and then connect your phone and ensure odin sees it . sometimes odin just does not recognize the device and you need to try again . odin will show something like the yellow highlighted area below when the phone is properly connected :
seems that no special folder is used to store attachments - strange since i am definitely saw the message ' picture too large - compressing ' when trying to send an image via mms . i would have expected this to be saved somewhere . i will accept my own answer here , unless someone else can give some valuable information .
they work like normal shortcuts , just long-press the icon and drop it into the recycling bin , and then open the app menu , long-press Search and drag it down to the dock . edit : the dock in question is not customizable from the default settings , but it can be patched through clockworkmod . the most comprehensive customization options i have seen can be found here . the files need to be applied through clockworkmod so the device has to be rooted . just download the file you prefer , move it to the internal sdcard and apply the update from recovery . be sure to backup first , just in case .
this is something added android 4.3 and is featured on the moto x . the phone passively listens all of the time for you to say " okay google now " followed by whatever your command is . ( there is a special low-powered cpu being used to listen , which is why it is not available on every device with 4.3 . ) ( here 's a video demo by slashgear . ) i expect to see this more frequently as new hardware comes on the market .
you could have a detailled explanation of what is in the /proc directory in the linux man page
somehow there was a proxy set up in the apn settings … edit : to change the proxy you have to go to the settings and click on mobile data . select access point names , select the active apn ( or the one you are having problems with ) check/reset the proxy/port settings .
some websites load new content as you scroll down the page , to prevent new page requests thus reducing bandwith . i . reddit . com is one off the top of my head , the market app does this also .
the scrollbar is related to the size of the content of the webpage you are looking at . if it the scrollbar is changing size , then that means the content on the page is likewise changing size ( via asynchronous calls that retrieve more data for that webpage as you are browsing it ) .
you phone , huawei u8500 may have the boot kernel and the system modules with different versions . since you are not providing the error message contents , i will assume that you are just getting a plain wifi error notice instead of the usual wifi connecting to... generally speaking , the kernel ( which is on boot . img ) must match the wifi modules version ( which is on system ) if not , wifi cant be loaded . what you need to do is : install 7.2 and flash the boot separately , so the boot kernel and the system modules can obtain the same version . a similar case : you can read about a similar case in detail at : cyanogenmod - issue 5435: wifi error after 7.2 install on incredible s to summarize it : a user performed an update to the system version 7.2 , but did not flash the boot to the same version . every time the user tried to use wifi , the message wifi error was presented . if he rolled-back to the previous version , the wifi worked just fine . after some discussion and exchanging of ideas , he came up with a solution : resolved . here is the clear solution ( not completely clear earlier ) . install cm 7.2 ota when prompted do not roll back to 7.1 then extract boot . img from the cm 7.2 zip , reboot the phone to bootloader , fastboot flash boot boot . img using pc so what was happening to this case : when the user had 7.1 installed and the phone had : boot - 7.1 kernel system - 7.1 modules after the installation of 7.2 , the phone had : boot - 7.1 kernel system - 7.2 modules when re-installed 7.1 , the phone had : boot - 7.1 kernel system - 7.1 modules so everything worked when the user installed 7.2 and flashed the boot separately the phone had : boot - 7.2 kernel system - 7.2 modules and everything worked related reading : cyanogenmod - fastboot
it is not possible to limit an account to not send emails . the only solution i can think of is to sync the main account ( the one for calendar and contacts ) and a second account for email . in the gmail application , you have to set it to default to the second account when the application is open . in the calendar , you have to set the application to open the calendar of the main account .
same phone . never had this happen to me . using a custom rom though . broodrom business edition . i would recommend upgrading your system or flashing a custom rom .
all modern cars have cpu which measures and controls few parameters of its engine . these cpu ( s ) will have an interface socket ( looks like scart connector ) with which issues are diagnosed at service center . there is a special hardware which goes into this socket and can transmit engine parameters through bluetooth . google play store has an app called torque which when installed in an android phone , can receive such parameters and displays on the screen . i am not too sure whether the obd device can detect fuel level , but it does sense a lot of other engine related parameters like hp torque etc .
you would like to try fuelio which advertise to give fuel and other info that cost money . i have not tested it , however .
apparently my phone is lte and that is not available where i live , so my cell was working overtime trying to connect and it caused an issue with my data connectivity when i updated to ics . i updated my profile , prl , and clicked off lte/cdma to just cdma and all is running perfectly !
this is an issue i have as well , it lies with the apps , whose settings override the default ringer and vibration settings . in order to completely disable vibrations you will have to disable them in settings > sound , and individually in each app . twitter app you will have to go to settings > and there is a notification settings sections that allows you to disable vibration . as an aspiring developer , it will be my goal to default to system settings but allow for customization , as it should be . . .
there are several factors . no carrier or manufacturer bloatware . if you want to test apps or os changes and be sure you are not hitting some device-specific bug , a nexus device makes it less likely that will happen . they all use the same tool for flashing roms : fastboot . not all third-party devices use it , and having to learn a new set of commands for every device you have is quite annoying . easy to unlock bootloader . many third-party devices do not give you a means to unlock the bootloader ( in order to flash your own rom ) without tricksy hacks . sometimes the manufacturer does this ; sometimes the carrier adds it to avoid you getting around their restrictions on tethering or something else . on nexus devices , it is as easy as fastboot unlock-bootloader . you can compile your own rom for a nexus device from the aosp sources . if you want to hack on android itself , or if you simply want a userdebug build in order to allow more debugging options for apps , it is as simple as downloading and compiling the source . third-party roms do not usually have source available , so to build a custom rom , you have to reverse-engineer the rom and/or port aosp to the device yourself ( or wait for other modders to do it ) . this is why the t-shirts worn by engineers on google 's nexus programme describe it as " pre-hacked android " . google puts a lot of work into keeping the logs ( the ones you get from logcat ) clean , to make development easier . they block code changes that add too much noise to the log , so that it stays useful for debugging . other manufacturers are not usually so careful : they do not see the log as something their customers will want , so they let it get noisier and noisier with driver debugging info nobody will want to look at . clean logs make it much easier for app and os developers to see and debug the behaviour of their code . nexus devices tend to get updates to new android versions before third-party devices . if you are an app developer , and you want to make sure your app works with a new android version as soon as possible , or you want to take advantage of new features and test on a real device ( not an emulator ) , then you do not want to wait for a third-party manufacturer to get their finger out and port the new android version to their hardware .
in addition to what dan hulme wrote , i would like to add that nexus devices have sick firmware images for previous versions of android , which can be easily installed . you can downgrade your galaxy nexus to ics , or your nexus s to gingerbread . the nexus 4 shipped with 4.2 but soon yours will have 4.4 . you will be able to load older versions later on if that kind of testing is important to you . i found this to be very valuable when testing with the nexus s because it went from 2.3 to 4.1 . you can even rely on cyanogenmod to extend the life of the phone as a test platform , if you trust that cyanogen is sufficiently close to stock for app compatibility purposes .
use a synchronization tool like e.g. foldersync , which should take care for timestamps accordingly . synchronization tools should be specialized in handling all aspects of really maintaining synchronous copies -- including time stamps , of course .
check the exif data and see if there is a timestamp there . if there is , photo date correction will allow you to overwrite the botched file timestamp with the exif one , giving you back your proper sorting .
this is a question which really trouble me a lot when come across with devices which only have mtp but not the mass storage mode . i also have concerns about it with exactly the same reasons with mahn . after some testing , i have find a temp solution which maybe able to preserve the timestamp . it makes use of the excternal sdcard / otg card reader and also the cp command with -a the timestamp will be able to preserve . but the requirement is the phone need to be rooted . first copy the data to sdcard . read it with memory card slot / otg card reader use adb shell and acquire root permission ( su ) cp -a * the data from card to internal memory .
i have nexus 4 and had the same issue with timestamp and photos ( indeed all the files ) . here are the command lines ( with a rooted phone ) i used thanks to this post ( on ubuntu ) : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb ( on ubuntu if android sdk is not installed ) adb devices cd /media/my_backup_folder_where_i_put_a_folder_with_all_my_data_named_"savandroid"_in_it in order to go in my folder " backup " witch contain the folder " savandroid " adb root adb push savandroid /sdcard all files and folder that are in " saveandroid " are sent to sdcard worked nicely with all timestamp correct ! tips : on cyamogenmod i had to select root for " apps and adb " in developers menue by default it is only set on apps
i have the exact same issue . it seems that it is being blocked by fuse on the nexus 4 running stock jellybean 4.2.1 . that info was taken via an adb shell session ; i presume that fuse will be in the mix for all app-level accounts . tl ; dr from the looks of it , it can not be done without rooting the phone .
preserving date modified on nexus device --- no root needed --- from android to pc : use mtp from pc to android : use droid explorer cheers . . : ) it preserve date modified . i dont know how droid explorer does it . but it just works . make sure usb debuging checked before use droid explorer . um . . there is one limitation though . . droid explorer only can transfer files , not folders . with droid explorer , copy files into android phone on some specific folder then with file manager inside android , move those files into folder we want , do not use copy because copy will alter date modified while cut does not .
my solution to preserve modification date during file copy on android device with mtp : tested on lg g2 stock ( without root ) , andorid 4.4.2 and htc one m7 , andorid 4.4.2: network share of the folder to copy on the computer ( win 8 ) use syncme wireless to copy files from computer to device as far as i can see , the modification dates are fully preserved !
you can not , this is a current permission problem ( bugreport here ) of android 4.0+ 's /sdcard folder if it is not using fat32 ( but fuse ) . reason : there is a transition away from fat32 to unified user storage for both apps and media data ( using ext4 ) on a single file system . we got tired of seeing oems include many gb of internal storage for music , while users were still running out of space for apps and data . this approach lets us merge everything on one volume , which is way better . -- dan morrill , android engineer at google the old fat32 properties are emulated using a fuse layer to be compatible with existing apps . also : /data/ and /sdcard on google devices starting with the nexus 7 use a single partition only ( /data/media represents the " sdcard " content and is exposed using the fuse layer to apps ) . here 's cyanogenmod 's implementation of the fuse driver if you are interested in seeing the source . looks like setting timestamp attributes is implemented , though . edit : it only works with root . exact reason : all files are owned by root . sdcard_rw ( see here ) . a caller withouth uid=0 can not call the utimensat ( ) syscall , it fails in the vfs layer already ( eperm ) for timestamps other than current : the caller 's effective user id must match the owner of the file ; or the caller must have appropriate privileges . to make any change other than setting both timestamps to the current time ( i.e. . , times is not null , and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_now and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_omit ) , either condition 2 or 3 above must apply .
backup solution using " sandisk memory zone " to preserve timestamp date . copy/moving files from android device to external sdcard - tested on samsung note 2 , note 3 and mini siii just backup your photo files to sdcard and move the card to other android , pc , apple or other device - if not used to backup your photo files , follow this simple 8 steeps instructions " search on google play and install " sandisk memory zone " . start the app and wait for index file to finish . select backup/restore and change or mark settings . select memory card destination and what to backup ( contacts , sms , photos , music , etc ) . verify required and available capacity , and go on continue botton . wait for the backup to complet . now you have a copy of the files in your sdcard on " . memoryzone_backup/files/1" now you can move your sd card files like photos to your windows , linux or other android device preserving original timestamp .
are you trying to play in a browser ? i have found that is not supported but playing in an android app using the native mediaplayer should work .
i made a stupid mistake on the other device is called Plays Store and here it is called simply Market , anyway i found you can also download it as an .apk file and install it .
many android devices which do not support the google play store do support amazon appstore , which functions much the same . you can browse or search thousands of android apps on amazon 's site , or via the app itself , and upon finding one you like , you can install it directly , just as you would via google play . you can purchase paid apps using your amazon account , as well as download many free ones . there are other apps of this nature as well , such as getjar .
what you are referring to here is called sideloading - this is a term used when loading an app on to a device without using the/a market store . it is possible to get apk files for apps , but there're generally good reasons why most developers do not make these publicly available - some developers will make these available thought , it depends on the individual . i would email the developer in question and ask if you could have an apk version of the app . i would not imagine that they would have any issues with this if your request is legitimate and above board .
your notes will be automatically backed up to sd card of your device , unless you turn off ' auto backup ' option . also you can manually back up notes to sd card . furthermore , if you sign up for online sync service , the notes will be backed up to the cloud storage as well . source : http://www.colornote.com/faq.html#collapse6 so you can check your sd card but that is about it . if you set up cloud sync ( which i think you did not since you mentioned you did not back up ) . . . checking your sd card is your only hope .
i would suggest you to mount your phone and use photorec tool in ubuntu . last time i did that to recover photos . . and it works ( assuming factory reset is as equal as formatting the device )
if you have the db files then the only way is to root your mobile and copy the corresponding db files to the location ( data/data/com . socialnmobile . dictapps . notepad . color . note ) .
as i know : factory reset => erase all data . it is good to make a backup . . but sadly the backup is not working all the time and is not working for all applications . i am sorry dude , you cannot recover your data . you could try at a gsm service . . . maybe some specialist can do something , but i do not think so .
as no " bullet-proof " system is required here , and at least some level of trust assumed , possible solutions hide behind the buzz . . . ahem , key-words kiosk-mode and child-protection . in short : you create a " jail " you are working in , and hand it is key ( password ) to the teacher ( let him/her set a password – of course on the premise to unlock you once the exam is over ) . options on establishing a kiosk-mode are already discussed in several other questions tagged " kiosk-mode " , so there is no need to repeat them all . you might wish to take a look at surelock kiosk lockdown , which should meet your requirements : one of its features is to prevent access to system settings . so disabling all network features ( mobile data , wifi apns , etc . ) and then locking the settings with the teacher 's password should satisfy both sides – provided you have allowed all required apps for kiosk mode . as the " dirty trick " to regain control would also remove all data from the device ( factory-reset ) , it cannot be expected you had do that during the exam ; )
you cannot do it without " replacing " parts of android . the file is not actually downloaded by the browser , it is downloaded by the download manager . you would have to set a " default " for pdf files ( pdf reader ) and then replace the download manager . replacing download manager could be done , without a custom rom , since it has " public " intent actions available that it fires when a download is completed . if that is a viable option , there is a question on stackoverflow that could be a starting point for replacing download manager with a custom one . the ipad opens the file right away because there is nothing else you can do with it . there is no " available file system " on ios . where on android , you can save files , and even install a file manager to browse to them .
have you tried pdf . js extension for firefox mobile ? it is a bit slow and unstable for now , but it should work as expected .
no . users are not allowed to write to the /system folder/partition . any sort of exploit or method that would allow this partition to be writable is equivalent to root access on the device . some other examples besides root are : " rooted recovery " which is a recovery partition that has more features than the standard android recovery ; an " engineering " ( htc ) or unlocked ( everyone else ) bootloader ; or a file-permissions exploit , which at that point you might as well put su and SuperUser.apk on the phone anyway . . .
the speed of an upload , or download , is determined by more than one factor , and can not simply be " increased " . if the network connection is weak , there is little you can do about that . the speed will be determined by your upload speed , the receivers download speed , and how the communicating devices handle it all . as you are likely using wireless on your phone , things that can interfere with the wireless signal has also a lot to say . the more clear space is between you and the router , the better . even then , other wireless devices can cause disturbance in the signal . so the answer is , you really cam't , unless you know exactly what is slowing the speed down , and even then it is a gamble . what you can do is of course connect the phone to a computer , and upload the pictures manually from there . if the computer is connected to the net with wire , your pictures should take no time to upload/download . . . unless you are on a 20 year old net line , that is . . .
you could make use of the condition state&rarr ; bluetooth connected : the device is connected to another device via bluetooth . if either of name or address are specified , they must match a connected device . connections to non-paired devices ( e . g . while pairing is taking place ) are ignored . warning : tasker can not directly detect when a bt device is connected , only when a connection or disconnection is made . as for the task , take a look at music play : play a sound file from the sd card . file is the path to the file on the sd card e.g. music/wow . mp3 alternatively : notify sound : show a notification on the top bar and play a sound . the specified title will appear on the bar initially . notifications with a particular ( non-empty ) title replace existing ones with that title . when the notification area is pulled down , the specified text will be visible . or notify vibrate , play ringtone , say ( synthesize the given text into speech ) . . . trying a raw thing ( i did not test this ) : condition : state→bluetooth connected ( specify the parameters ) task : say " you are connected now . " for more information , you might want to take a look at the user manual . also check the tasker homepage itself for more guides , faq , how-tos , etc . moreover , the wiki contains a lot of ready profiles , step-throughs , and more .
even if the other ap connected , you will lose your call . when you switch access points , you are going to drop the wi-fi call . the device may have a hard time figuring out if it should switch to ap2 because it is still connected to ap1 and it can still see ap1 . if the signals overlap , it will connect to the strongest one at the time , if it is already connected , it will not attempt to connect to another ap until it is no longer connected . once you go completely out of range of ap1 , the device scans and sees ap2 , then it connects . it does not matter how " strong " the signal is for another ap , if you are connected , it will not see another ap . then once you disconnect , the device needs to go in to " scan " mode . if your router supports it , you could turn down the power of the ap so they do not overlap ( or if they do , it is only slightly ) . but then again , if your router supports that , you could also increase the power so you do not need the second ap .
answer from vi . su . in comments ( to make it clear for other users ) found out solution to this problem . in fact , this is not a problem at all . nfc device in the nexus phones is the source for this sound . when placed near a rfid / smartcard , it actually tries to read it aloud . galaxy nexus nfc weirdness
technically you do not " run linux on android " . in fact , every android device runs " under " linux ( that is , android uses the linux kernel ) . what happens when you install a linux distribution ( i think that is what you meant by refering to linux ) on android is that the android os and the linux dsitribution share the same kernel . even if you replace the android installation with a pure ( gnu/ ) linux one , the used kernel is " the same " . therefore the hw api calls are identical , and you can access the hardware from e.g. python without any difference .
why ? it is general safest to odin to stock ( if necessary ) , root and flash clockworkmod , and then flash cyanogenmod through recovery . that said , yes it is possible ; you had need to unpack and repack the images in the correct format and bundle them in a . tar laid out as odin/heimdall expects . something similar to this in reverse . i have not had any luck myself with interpreting the image format used by samsung ; any tools i have found do not quite seem to work . it depends on your particular device however . edit : it seems we are still talking at cross purposes . in addition to the odin tarfiles , heimdall can flash slightly different compressed tarfiles and the post you linked links to instructions on how to have heimdall create those . however the main problem is still getting the images into the correct format , everything is easy after that . that cyanogenmod package contains the /system partition contents in just a plain folder ; you had need to package them into a factoryfs.rfs . i know one of the ways this has been done before is via flashing the package via clockworkmod and then using dd to dump the partition ( s ) to a file . there are general guides to that here and here . on the other hand cyanogenmod might be sticking with ext4 filesystems for samsung devices rather than rfs , in which case it would be easier to create an image directly from the files . however , i am not sure whether heimdall would be able to flash an ext4 image properly . i would probably ask the heimdall developer in that case .
try using a system monitor tool that shows the activity of the disk/processes . in windows you can use resource monitor , other systems , such as linux vary . the general idea is to know that there is some data being read/written from the system to the android device .
background data is anything that involves mobile data or wi-fi ; it will use whichever is enabled ( i think wi-fi has higher preference ) . this includes autosync , background polling , notifications , and other similar operations that will access mobile data . assuming you do not have any task / data killer that runs in the background when your phone sleeps , the mms will be sent you do not need to have the messaging app open . however , if the sending fails ( after a certain number of retries ) , it will fail and you will have to resend it manually . update #1: autosync depends on background data . if background data is disabled , autosync is also disabled . autosync is used by accounts defined in settings ( in s4 , System Settings &gt; Accounts ) . but it is also possible to have background data enabled , and autosync disabled . in this case , apps could poll and show notifications ( e . g . twitter ) .
you can install go contacts ex . one of its features is Quick find: by any letter, name, company, keyword .
just found my answer . in people app go to Menu &gt; Settings and tap on the setting Search contacts by . there mark the option of Company as selected . there you go : )
press the power button on the device . all phones should have them and they are usually the buttons that lock the screen as well . if you happen to not have a lock button you can change how quickly android will lock the screen on idle in settings . the way to change this varies from different flavors of android .
i do not think we can do this just by installing an app . i mean , we can not define our new app as default app for making/receiving calls . so , i think it is in rom developer 's hand . only they can replace it with custom one , afaik .
take the dialer from your old stock rom , extract from the zip , and install in new rom . you will need the app "/system/app-mover " , free from playstore , to move stock rom dialer into the system . goto settings> apps and disable custom rom dialer . your running a custom rom so this should work , i did this on my htc . if this does not work out right , just reverse the steps . no damage to the system .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts and Settings , click on the account that you do not know the password and then click the Remove Account button on the bottom . so next time you open up android market you will be prompted to type in a new account
the builtin browser will probably show you a touch-optimized version of facebook . you can try to get rid of it by changing the user agent string . see this question for more info on that . edit : also , if the games require click-and-drag , this will not work on a touch screen .
i tryed to use facebook games with the built-in browser and some other browsers like ff , miren , etc . . . sometimes they work in one browser , sometimes not . this seems to be dependant of the game you want to play . it is to say that ff does not support flash so far . i had no problems playing backyard monsters in standard browser until the last update of backyard monsters ( except it had laggy graphics ) , now no installed browser works . freefarmgame is running in miren only . not tested any other so far , that are the only games i play .
you receive updates from the carrier . you can circumvent this by rooting your phone and installing a custom rom ( or stock rom , if available ) to get the latest version of android .
phones always use more data than normal in the first day or so , particularly if you did not connect it to wifi while it was being set up . things that happen in the first day will be checking for ( and downloading and installing ) os updates ( which can be large ) , downloading and installing new apps ( some of which could be large ) , syncing data down from the cloud to apps for the first time , syncing data and apps down from backed up android data to your device . you might also want to see these previous questions for more info : how to monitor the amount of data traffic ? minimizing data usage for users with data caps
well , i am guessing you went to the " data usage " option in the settings menu in order to find out how much data has been transferred . if so , this screen will also list each of the applications that participated in that transfer and how much each one has transferred . look for the one ( s ) that did most of this huge transfer . if they are non-standard apps ( like chrome , maps , etc ) , disable them : settings-> apps-> all , click on app , click " disable " and " force stop " . or better yet just uninstall them . if they are standard apps , but you thing they are doing a lot more transfer than they should ( i.e. . chrome transferring 1 gb in one day ) you may have some virus or exploit or something like that . in that case you could try one ofthe av programs : https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=android+antivirushl=en though i have never tried any of those myself so i can not tell you how good they are . one other way to go in this situation is to wipe out everything ( do a factory reset ) .
i finally found the solution , the problem is from apps running in the background . i ' . m using the s4 on android 4.2.2 this fixed the problem for me got to settings\connections\data usage scroll and you will see all app 's running and their offending data usage on the right of the screen . in my case vmyeyepro was using large amounts of background data 1.2gb in a week . tap on the app scroll to the bottom and you will see restrict background data put a tick in this box and voilà jobe done
the main difference is that the launcher screen contains all installed apps on your system . you cannot order it nor do anything but using the icons to access any application . in the main screen you can : add shortcuts to applications ( icons like the ones in the launcher screen ) , you can place each icon in the place you want . add widgets that provide rich functionalities like clocks , calendars or weather access . if you want to compare your phone with a computer , launcher screen is the equivalent of “start menu” in windows , while the main screen ( s ) are the equivalent to the desktop .
you can manually download the photo and in your contact manager click the placeholder for photo and chose that file . as far as automatically importing , your phone can not figure out which " john smith " is the " john smith " you want from the list of " john smiths " . the default contact manager can not do this .
according to this changelog the upcoming f-droid version 0.71 should support this . another mention of this is in : https://github.com/whispersystems/textsecure/issues/127#issuecomment-51065857
almost every f-droid app is signed with a different key , though all keys are in the same key store . in order for the switch to be bypassed , f-droid client would have to be installed as a system app and made to work safely as such . some code has been supplied for this to work , but it has not been integrated yet .
the problem is that you are missing the adb recovery driver . you might consider trying koush 's universal usb driver installer -- it solved this very problem by installing the missing drivers .
are you having any screen guards in the new screen ? because low cost screen guards also can cause this . i had the similar issue in my nexus 7 after applying the new screen guard . also other possibilities are like user2541963 mentioned , if you are having a charger that is overcharging the phone , while charging the phone wont respond .
its not the malfunctioning in the screen but when you disconnected your screen , phones default values/drivers got messed up and are unable to find the new or the old screen driver you connect . visit xda forum thread you can fine more info on that . btw is it happening when you connect charger ?
as you asked for a calibration tool : the playstore seems to have some suitable candidates , e.g. touch sensitivity calibration . but while this might be helpful , the permissions look quite suspect : the only job of the app is screen calibration , but it requests permissions such as accessing your contacts , call phone numbers , read and send sms/mms , and more -- according to a screenshot on the apps page at google play . funnily , the permissions tab says differently : no permissions required . . . so i would give it a try , and abort installation in case those permissions really turn up .
you can delete your review/rating from both the play store app page and also via the play store on your device . web play store simply visit the page for the app for which you want to remove your review . scroll down and you should see your review and also two buttons , ' delete ' and ' edit ' . clicking the delete will remove your review . play store app visit the app for which you want to remove your review . just beneath the app screenshots you should see your star ' review ' . on the right there is an ' edit ' button . click this and you will then see a ' delete ' button . click this to delete your review .
a rom that is designed to run on an rk2918 will not run on any rk2918 chipset . the rom still needs to be built for your device specifically . check xda-developers for a rom for your tablet .
sorry for the irrelevant answer to the op 's question but felt a need to point out about alogcat . alogcat seems broken at the moment under jellybean ( due to an additional introduction of permission READ_LOGS required for reading logs ) . just keep an eye out for the update soon ( or flag the developer by starring the issue here ) . if you fancy the alternative , try this version called catlog found here on github , this has the permission in place to do so . as for droidwall , forget about that version - its old and obsoleted in favour of the more updated version afwall+ , the linky to the play store version is contained on the github page , alternative linky to f-droid repository here .
i am not 100% sure about the nexus 7 , but with my nexus 4 , you can hold the power button for a very long time ( something like 20 seconds ) and it will hard-shutdown . this should help facilitate a hard reset and let you get into fastboot or recovery mode if you need to .
it does not seem unusual to me that an app that commercially depends on tracking its users would send you to a website to track and count you , and then have that site redirect you to the real store page . if you do not trust them not to misuse this tracking data , do not use the app .
while you are on wifi , have a look in wi-fi settings > menu|advanced . it looks like it is easier when you are on wifi than when you are on a celular signal ( 3 or 2.5g ) . i have found a blog post here that seems to do what your asking , but you may need to have rooted the phone , or at least be comfotable with editing a few system bits and bobs .
the following was added as an edit to the question . it seems like it should be an answer . go to Setting - Wireless &amp; Network - Wifi settings press Menu button , and select Advance check Use Static IP enter IP adress , Gateway , Netmask and DNS Server 1&amp;2 of associated with your lan networks . eg . , for me , i use ip=192.168.1.100 gateway=192.168.1.1 dns1=8.8.8.8 dns2=8.8.4.4
i just figured it out , very easy . the android market is now called " play store " by google , and is listed under " p " in your phone ( not " g " for google play store ) . just go into all your apps , go down to " p " and long hold the " play store " icon to get it to your home screen . this icon looks like a white shopping bag with handles and a blue , red and tan diamond/pyramid figure on the front . good luck and have a great day .
from here i tried http://androidforums.com/droid-x-support-troubleshooting/196653-help-market-place-gone.html to get the marked app back , without doing a hard reset . used astro file manager opened astro , clicked up navigate to /system/app locate vending . apk push on it to install it , clicked ok etc now back on home screen , follow what is suggested about a clean slate . . . settings -> applications -> manage applications chose all find market push on it and select clear data go back to main home screen , turn your phone off and back on
my android market icon dissapeared when i clicked on it yesterday on 2.2 i just read today in the news that google changed the name from android market to google play to get more customers focused on its videos and books . i found a brand new icon in the second apps location on my phone . it is called google play not called android market any longer . all you do is click accept and use . . . . .
it is a built-in app and can not be uninstalled . to restore the icon to the home screen , find the icon in the application list and long-press , then drop it where you want it . alternately , long-press the home screen where you want the icon to be , choose " shortcuts " , then " applications " , then the " market " icon . update : okay , it appears that you are not the only one with this issue . see this thread on the google support forum : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android%20market/thread?tid=3322620a3c715568hl=en one offered solution is to do a factory reset . it is up to you to decide how comfortable you are with that . update 2 : several people in this thread said that the factory reset worked for them . additionally , someone wrote a script ( also in that thread ) to fix the issue , which you would need to get on the phone . ( usb would seem to be your best bet . ) caveat emptor . someone also mentioned that if you get the vendor . apk you can also get the market back . ( details are a little fuzzier . )
if you are running stock android i believe you are going to have to do a factory reset . if you are rooted and running some custom mod , you can probably just install the googleapps . apk or reflash the rom .
like all things in android , there are apps to do what the os was not equipped with . in my case i use a handy little app called simi folder widget . it allows alphabetical sorting of apps along with many other options .
you can stop this notification from showing up , but you will need root and xposed framework installed . so this solution is only for experienced android user . http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.mohammadag.disablecleardefaultsdialog
as uri seems not to place it in an answer , i will do so -- to help other searchers see there is an answer ; ) as pointed out , there is a miui control panel , which should ship with most miui roms . if it is not included with yours , you will find it in an app called extended settings .
it got stuck in boot loop due to reset where the bootloader is not getting the correct file to load . the only way to fix it is to use odin to get a stock rom . any deodexed rom ( stock rom ) can also be used from recovery mode , if it is able to start in recovery mode .
can you visit this link with your phone ? market://details?id=org.mozilla.firefox  also you must note that : firefox is available for android phones ( 2.0 and above ) and the nokia n900 . the official page of firefox mobile gives also a list of supported devices that have been tested .
what model/os/screen size do you have ? firefox is not supported on all platforms . for example , i can get it on my nook with gingerbread , but can not find it on my froyo ideos with a tiny screen .
you mean the antenna on in the internals of android handset , underneath the battery or nearby it ? if so - the short answer is no - am afraid ! the firmware and radio base-band is definitely off-limits , closed and proprietary .
done . no need to root . it is now an option in my app : powercall . let me know if you run into issues .
this may help : on my gn also running bb jb 4.1.1 if i want to silence it i will typically hold the volume control down until it gets into vibrate only mode . then i have to down again to turn that off . so even that is a two step process and it may just be the nature of the bugless beast . : )
an old question i know , but i have been able to use a verbatim store ' n ' go portable hdd with an otg cable without any power issue . the only disadvantage is that i can not power down the drive before removing it ( unlike on pc ) so i risk shortening the drive 's life . other than that , it is fine .
do i need a specific app ? my impression is that i need the nexus media importer , which is a paid app , but is that the only way ? some apps on google play have the ability to read usb otg data , however an app specifically made for the purpose would be better . which filesystems are supported ? most file systems that linux supports will be supported . can the nexus 10 deliver enough power through usb to use a portable hard drive , or does it only work with usb flash drives ? no , it cannot . it cannot as the micro-usb port would not be able to push out enough power , as well as the fact that the battery would drain very quickly if this were to happen . can i access the external usb drive without restrictions as if it was an sd card , or are there any additional restrictions ? you can access it like you would on your computer , through a file manager . the app you choose may restrict the access , however .
one click root methods use a simple rootkit exploit package to gain root permissions to the android kernel . once this is done , they modify file permissions to make the rooting permanent . these exploits have been patched by google and device manufacturers for a long time now , and the vast majority of one click rooting solutions are outdated and no longer work . in other words - your firmware is too new . it has been patched against rootkit exploits .
in a normal usage , low storage warning comes up when the internal memory is getting nearly full . the most likely reason for this is the applications count is on the rise over a period of time . to know what are the applications that occupies more space , you can goto settings-> applications-> storage use . you can see entire applications that are installed on your phone ( both pre installed and that you had installed ) . together with the name of the application , you can see its size . how to get rid of this warning : the only way to get rid of this warning is to free up the internal memory . this can be done in several ways . the best would be to investigate the above said list to spot the applications that you do not need and uninstalling them . the next best option would be to move the application to your sd card . few applications , they themselves does this during installation and few does not and requires little force . among the later there are few which are stubborn to work only on internal memory . there are apps like link2sd , apps2sd etc . that will enable you to move apps from internal memory to sd card . i use link2sd and i would recommend it . it is best to try the application after moving to sd card for its proper working . the system applications are best to be left on internal storage . sms/text messages and contacts do occupy some memory but in par with the applications , their foot print is quite small . could you post about the contents of those text messages ? sometimes service provider do send few text messages for apn settings .
many times it is not the apps themselves taking up all the internal storage , but rather data they keep cached ( i.e. . not your mentioned 5 text messages , but rather things like browser cache , temporary files ( though the latter should be gone on reboot ) , and the like ) . now while you can go to the place mentioned by narayanan to check all apps separately ( settings-> applications-> storage use ) for cache used ( and tap the delete-cache button where appliable ) , and you probably have to start that way as your limited internal storage most likely does not allow for additional apps being installed , there are apps around to ease these steps : eclean is a high-rated app claiming to automatically care for a lot of cache storage like app cache , search- and browser history and more , and even claims it can do so automatically ( starting an on-boot service ) 1tap cleaner is a similar , also high rated app 1-tap clean cache has a high rating as well , and cares for your apps cache cache cleaner is another high-rated app caring for caches and history many more apps are available on the play store , but the mentioned four give you a good starting point . of course , if you are low on internal storage , and run at least android 2.2 or higher , you could also consider moving some of your rarely used app to sd using app2sd . moreover , uninstalling apps no longer used is always a good idea .
in my case , the upgrade to the android 4.3 did not replaced my custom /etc/gps.conf file . it was edited by hands on rooted device before the android upgrade and stayed with the same content afterwards . answering myself : )
whenever i flashed a modem ( for my region ) on my phone , i noticed that it changed the values set i via fastergps ; this app can edit the gps . conf . so yes , chances are it will rewrite your gps . conf after you update . so , make a backup first .
you need to revert back to jellybean 4.1.1 to get the extra options under ( 6 ) network lock as far as i am aware . like you said there should be 3 other menu options under ( 6 ) network lock and they should appear after reverting back to 4.1.1 . you will need the 4.1.1 firmware for your current carrier and phone model and ( odin ) to flash the firmware . make sure you save the original firmware first , so if anything goes wrong with the firmware flash , you can revert back to the original firmware . hope this helps : )
the servicemenu ( sm ) is actually part of the modem firmware and what you see is the servicemode java wrapper . thus it is very dependent on the rom ( fw ) you are using and whether or not it is stock or custom . in addition the phone manufactures constantly like to change sm access codes , to prevent user from using it . in any case , there is absolutley no need to revert anything as hugoboss says , you just have to figure out how to find it . lately you may also have to enable certain files in the /efs/ directory ( requiring root ) .
the best way to 4.3 may be unrooting and flashing the stock recovery image . i used the nexus root toolkit 1.6.4 to install 4.3 on a galaxy nexus having some minor problems . i would suggest waiting for nrt 1.6.6 which will have full support for 4.3
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
enable usb debugging , plug your phone into a computer via usb for a couple of minutes and disconnect . - source you can also try a faster memory card , as ^ has adviced . keep some reasonable amount of free space on phone memory , move apps to sd card if necessary . android often suffers performance issues when internal memory is low ( much like any os , really ) . if nothing else works , try a factory reset and record it again . if there are no lags , it might be because of any resource-intensive apps you have installed .
have you tried using kingston class 4 ? if you can find class 10 , even better ! source
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
instead of doing this manually , use titanium backup pro . it allows you to integrate updates to rom for all system apps . so after installing this , long press your desired app and choose the option integrate update .
mainly there should not be any hardware problems if the unit was tested correctly . for other information you can use this application that has also power monitoring for gps .
messed around with it a bit more and found a solution . i just had to go to settings -> accounts and sync to delete the exchange account .
urukdroid has a special script , /system/bin/mount_sdcard . sh , that mounts the sd card upon boot . this script understands ( v ) fat and ext4 . anything else is left to the vold automounter . archos modded vold so it could do a bit more than stock a 2.1 vold , e.g. , mount ext3 file systems . i upgraded the file system on the sd card to ext4 , and now mount_sdcard . sh mounts the sd card upon boot with the correct mount options . thanks to $aur0n for helping me solve this . upgrading an ext2 or ext3 file system to ext4 is easy , see https://ext4.wiki.kernel.org/index.php/ext4_howto#converting_an_ext3_filesystem_to_ext4 .
see if this helps : what&#39 ; s the android equivalent of /etc/fstab ? from that answer : all startup system mounting is done with the /etc/vold.fstab helper script . you can go edit that script and modify the mount with the options you want , so you can have it like that on boot . or you can replace dev_mount with mount .
strobe light is a kind of light which goes on and off a given number of times . the inverse of the number of times it goes on and off in a second is called its frequency . strobe lights are used to see rotating objects to give an illumination that the rotating object is stationary . by adjusting the strobe frequency the speed of the rotating object is matched to get the desired illusion effect . there are many uses of strobe light from testing and instrumentation to dancing !
on 4.3 you could create a restricted user profile , and block access to the settings app from that profile ( and to the app you want to hide , presumably ) . if you are not on 4.3 , or you are not willing to create a restricted user profile , you are out of luck . hypothetically , you could replace the settings app with one that is programmed to hide the app you are interested in , using a custom rom ( or if you are rooted , by just replacing that package ) , but i do not think someone has already patched the settings app that way , so you would probably have to do a bit of programming to achieve it . such a piece of software would be very like what is known in the pc world as a rootkit , a type of malware , so you should think very carefully before searching for or attempting such a thing .
if you do not want to remove or deactivate the application , then either : you can install a 3rd party launcher ( like nova ) and hide the application from the app drawer . you can download hide it pro and basically you can anything in your phone .
z-device test may show your sensor output : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=zausan.zdevicetest possible reasons : some aftermarket display protectors may cause that an earlier android release only switched the screen off via proximity sensor when held vertically . this would have prevented your described problem . ( see http://www.guytechie.com/articles/2012/1/22/galaxy-nexus-slow-proximity-sensor.html ) . maybe this behaviour has been reverted . if you updated just before noticing this problem , you might have to switch back or wait for another update to fix that again . installing a 3rd party update like cyanogenmod9 might also fix your problem .
the problem ended up being transient ; i rarely restart my phone . somehow it got stuck in ' on call ' mode , so the proximity sensor was enabled despite nothing being running . a reboot resolved the silly issue .
if you are on jelly bean ( mr2 ) or kitkat , you can use my app : override dns for kitkat . for lower versions of android there are tons of free apps which do the same .
after some testing over the weekend with a service provider who provides dc-hsdpa i can confirm that the samsung galaxy s2 does not support the protocol .
they say on the site that it does not support 4g or the faster dc-hsdpa . having an s2 myself , it would be great if we get a hack for it with the the cfw . just gotta have hope .
actually , i believe samsung has suspended the 4.3 update for now . have a look here .
connector a seems a u . fl-r-smt-10 and probably is for an external/additional antenna . u . fl , is a miniature coaxial rf connector for high-frequency signals up to 6 ghz manufactured by hirose electric group in japan . 1 u . fl connectors are commonly used inside laptops and embedded systems to connect the wi-fi antenna to a mini pci card . female u . fl connectors are not designed with reconnection in mind , and they are only rated for a few reconnects before replacement is needed . the female u . fl connectors are generally not sold separately , but rather as part of a pigtail with a high-quality 1.32 mm doubly shielded cable , which allows for a low-loss connection . ( from wikipedia )
as @axeman said , the connector is an ultra small surface mount coaxial connector ( quite a mouthful and still could not get how it was abbreviated as u . fl ) which is a kind of expansion port which could be used for any radio communication , including gsm , wifi , gps . and as @lie ryan said , the fourth terminal in the battery is for connecting the antennae in the battery to nfc circuitry on the motherboard . few searches in google confirmed this and gives raise to following information : those who have nfc in their phones , may lose the nfc capabilities if they try to replace with cheap and duplicate batteries which may not have the nfc antennae as said here . i am summing up all the points to make this question as answered . i was unable to accept @axeman 's answer as complete as it did not answer the nfc part and @lie ryan had added as a comment only . kudos for them both ! update : i happen to get hold of lg p500 's service manual which confirms the rf connector with the following image tagged as sw1001 .
using the trackball or d-pad for this is pretty accurate . you can easily go up , down , left and right with it .
if you use swype you can move the cursor by swyping from the swype symbol to the sym key . that brings up a screen where you can do easy cursor movements and text selection . also , you can correct words easily by double-tapping on a word ; this will bring up the word choice box .
yes - if you touch into the text on a word and hold , you will usually get a small magnifying glass bubble just above your fingertip that will allow you to drag your finger and change the cursor point . i say usually because sometimes pressing and holding will bring up the " edit text " menu that gives you the options to " select all " , " copy " , etc . if this happens , just exit out of the menu and try again .
touchpal input method has a ( similar to swype ) feature to do cursor movement , copy , cut , paste functions . you need to long press on the " edit " key ( that is the one to left of the space button , with the pencil icon ) and you will get cursor movements and edit keys keyboard .
sms works on any phone . on android , your phone will have an sms client built-in ( probably called " messaging " , but it varies between manufacturers ) , and you can also choose from many third-party sms clients . as well as plain old sms , there are many instant-messaging systems that work on android and iphone , and other platforms too . your iphone-using friends may well have one or more of these installed already . some examples are skype , jabber , whatsapp , google hangouts , and facebook chat . what you describe as " apple messaging " is probably what apple calls itext : it is the sms app on iphone . it also has its own closed chat system built-in , so that if it knows the recipient of an sms is an iphone , it'll silently send the message through apple 's servers instead of through the sms system . it still uses sms for people on other phones , so you do not need to worry about being exiled .
you mention imessage , which is important to understand that it is a proprietary solution from apple . there is no way to communicate with imessage from android , and there probably never will be . that said , there are a very large amount of third party cross-platform messaging apps , and if your friends and family would accept getting these ( they might already use them ) , you could communicate via these . there are probably hundreds of them , but some of the most popular ones include whatsapp and viber — both of which offer iphone as well as android versions of their software . the obvious strengths of any kind of im software like this , whether it is imessage , whatsapp or viber , is that all of your data is sent via your data plan , or even via wifi if available . you will be able to send images without paying an mms fee , you will be able to send audio without being charged for a call ( voip ) and you will be able to send text without being charged for an sms ( via e-mail or im ) . there are no drawbacks as i see it , except for maybe backwards compability with non-smartphones , sms definitely has the edge there .
i can not reproduce it . it may have been fixed during an os upgrade . if it comes back i will refresh the question .
sounds just like a simple bug in doubletwist 's app , and you should probably send them an email reporting it . programmers have access to system " events " ( for lack of a better word ) and we use these events in conjunction with the state of our app to trigger certain behaviors . like , if i created an app similar to doubletwist , i would handle the system event of you unplugging your headphones to check if an mp3 is playing , and then i would immediately pause it so that my app does not embarrass you by blasting your music out loud every time you unplug your headphones . they could be performing this type of check ( when receiving an alert from the system that the state of the user 's headphone jack has changed ) and either reading the state of the headphone jack incorrectly or evaluating the " are we playing audio " state of their own application ( or both ) .
have you tried using headset blocker ?
the stock live wallpapers are actually apps found in the /system/apps folder . user installed ones are in /data/app . you will need to be rooted and have a root explorer to access these folders .
you dont need to rig your usb to enter download mode . you just need to hold vol up + home then plug your usb cable to your pc . if you have not started odin in flash mode or did not install bootloader drivers for the mini , download mode will not show up , and you will see only a black screen .
setting the correct system date and time . it turns out authentication requires establishing a secure connection with google’s server . the ssl certificate contains a expiration date which would be compared against the system date of the android system . if the system date is too far in the past or in the future , the validation would be failed , thus the connection cannot be established . this is a security measures of the https connection , so check your system date next time encountering such strange error message . or if that above fix is not working for you then you can try out ‘youtube connection trick’ to rectify this problem . follow the below steps – add youtube app and login into your gmail account . go through the gmail asp and add account if needed . sign in to your gmail account with your user name and the password . go through your login process and now try to check menu > settings > account and sync . select “add account” and add a secondary account . this solution will work out if the above doesn’t works .
in what country is your isp ? here in the phil , its the same problem because of the unreliable network . my workaround is to use some vpn services to remedy frequent disconnects . i currently use droidvpn , free version limited to 100mb a day . try it and comment on the result .
you can not delete it , only hide it . go to the google play website . make sure you are logged in . click the gear icon in the upper right then click settings . your devices should be listed there . uncheck " shown in menus " on the device you do not want to see any more .
yes the xoom should stop transmitting as soon as the headset disconnects . ( although it may start playing out of it is own speaker ) . ( and in this case it would disconnect as it had ran out of battery and turned off ! )
i go running with my motorola droid and a bluetooth set of headphones ( motorola rokr s9-hd ) . when the headphones die , my phone will stop playing the music . so it basically acts the same way as removal of normal headphones . do note , that this does depend on the app 's behavior as the developer has to actually code in the listener for headphone removal . i know this because i have had to do it myself when writing a music app ( radio reddit ) . but most music apps i have seen have implemented this behavior in their apps .
i have a kindle fire i received as a gift and live in canada . the amazon app store is visible but you cannot download anything . it says " this service is unavailable in your region " the web browser works fine , as does downloading books from amazon . ca you can see the content for sale or borrowing in amazon prime , but get the same message .
just got a kindle fire as a gift . so far i have been more than disappointed . no apps no amazon prime membership . no cloud . no mp3 's no storage . yes facebook works . yes i can check my email . yes i can browse the web . bottom line is , if you are in canada , spend a few more bucks and get a tablet that you can use . . .
your external sd card is presumably ( in pretty much every case ) formatted as a fat32 filesystem . fat32 does not support symbolic links . linking from a ext2/3/4 filesystem to a fat32 filesystem would work , iirc , but linking from fat32 is not possible .
it seems like /sdcard is fuse fs " link " for /data/media . try this : ln -s /data/media/external_sd/SD/NaviSEA /data/media/NaviSEA  ( i do not know what " external_sd " means on your device , but if this an external sd card you still can get errors . )
you should try pushing them using adb adb push name_of_the_files_or_directory /sdcard/pictures 
there is an app that allows you to drag and drop file by wifi and should be easier to show picture and play movie on your device : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.filesdnd it is " free " ( with some limitation ) on android , and totally free on pc and mac . there is a paid version without any limitation on android ( you can buy it by in-app payment ) . basically you just need to install the app on your android device and the software from the website : http://www.filesdnd.com on your computer . then drag your files on your device ( the device must be on the wifi network ) , and with the paid version of the android app , it will open automatically . with the free version , it will save it on your device , and then the file will be displayed in the left pane of the android app . if you do not have any application that can read your file , there will be a toast that will say it . then you can uses application like diceplayer for the movie , or quickpic for the picture !
airdroid is a first of its kind to do this hassle free . . . i used to just use a file sharing application like es file explorer and choose " cloud " – but airdroid is a better choice if you want more freedom .
airdroid is great for that . i personally use it for everything . you can drag and drop files from desktop to your android , or vice versa . you can access or modify clipboard , you can view your file browser , music player , you can send sms , track your device and more .
please see that the photo and video formats are supported by default . else you might need to install apps that are available in google play . use a file manager to open the picture by browsing to the location . once you open it , they might start appearing in the gallery automatically .
i know this sounds extremely basic , but . . . i could not drag and drop either . but cut and paste worked for me , as long as i had one window open ( would not work with 2 ) .
for gsm devices , as far as i know , the proxy settings for your mobile data connection are defined in the access point name ( apn ) . go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access Point Names &gt; [Your data APN] ( your device 's menu may differ slightly ) . check the Proxy field - it is possible this got modified somehow . might also be worth snooping around your carrier 's website for the recommended apn settings and double-checking that everything is correct . once finished , press [Menu] &gt; Save and give it a test .
did you switch from " mobile data " to " wlan " ( also " wifi " or " wi-fi " on samsung ) last time for surfing in internet ? if yes , then try this ! sometimes when you enable " wlan " before disabling " mobile data " ( top line , near the battery-charge-state or the current-date/time ) the proxy settings for gsm will stay and be used for you wlan ! all you need to do is : disable " wlan " ( also " wifi " or " wi-fi" ) ! enable " mobile data " ! start chrome and navigate to somewhere or search for something ! can you surf ? if no , switching from " mobile data " to " wlan " was not the issue , else : disable " mobile data " and wait 2 seconds ! enable " wlan " it should work now .
to me this looks like a widget displaying system information . tap-and-hold it , a trashcan icon should appear on your screen ( most likely on the top , and most likely marked red ) . drag the widget onto it , and let it go . this will remove it from the homescreen .
check out your live wallpaper . does restarting help ?
looks like factory test mode . you can remove it , but you need to have root access . if you have root , do these : open a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) type su then enter the following after the # echo -n on > /efs/factoryapp/factorymode yes , on is the correct setting to turn it off . exit the terminal , and reboot the phone . reference . if that does not work , you may need to re-flash the rom .
press and hold ( long press ) on the widget , then drag it to the remove/trash icon that will appear .
use titanium backup pro ( paid ) . it can restore individual apps+data from cwm backups ! it clearly colors data containers with green . and , names of container which keep contacts etc . vary as per android version and manufacturer , but they are generally human readable . keep green color in mind . if you find contacts which is not colored with green , its app . . not data container .
aha ! as edlarerathis commented , you can change this in awd settings . settings -&gt; ADW settings -&gt; system preferences -&gt; Home orientation  change from landscape to auto/sensor .
i think this question on superuser answers your question , i.e. that the fat filesystem on the sd card does not support symlinks . just to clarify ( and as reflected in the su question/answers i linked ) : the android os supports symlinks , but the fat filesystem on the sd card does not .
it is possible to do this via the mount -o bind /old/dir /new/dir command as discussed here http://superuser.com/a/377737/45344 you need root i guess .
android does support symbolic links , but certain file systems ( e . g . fat or rfs ) does not and you cannot create symbolic links in those partitions . if your device uses a filesystem that supports symbolic links ( e . g . ext2 , ext3 , ext4 , yaffs2 ) then you should be able to use ln -s from the terminal emulator .
the radio frequency of a 2g radio operates in the range of 900 and 1800 mhz ( source ) - varying from country to country . the radio frequency of a 3g radio operates in the range of 2100 mhz ( source ) . as far as samsung galaxy nexus lte l700 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is CDMA 800 / 1900 , 3g frequency is CDMA2000 1xEV-DO and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 1900 . as far as samsung galaxy nexus i9250 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is GSM 850/900/1800/1900 , 3g frequency is HSDPA 900/1700/1900/2100 and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 2300/2400 . the above examples clearly means that the phones use different radio frequency for each type of network and hence when switching from one to another it goes into no network mode momentarily and hence the data connection stops .
i have sort of successfully enabled call recording of both inbound and out bound using callrecorder and alsa . the problem i have is callrecorder crashes multiple times during the phone call and restarts another session .
the issue is related to , as far as i know , cyanogenmod policies . . in some countries call recording is illegal and therefore cm team has not implemented this feature . it is really annoying because the issue applies to certain ( but not all ) regions of the world . i do hope that cm developers will come up with some sort of hack in the future . for now i am using auto call recorder ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appstar.callrecorder ) and using mic as a source . the volume of inbound audio is very low unless the mic is turned on during the call . call recording is the only feature i lack in cm . . .
go to the market and search for screen filter . it can get much dimmer than the brightness control by controlling the screen colors rather than just the backlight .
short answer : no . auto brightness is usually a battery waster . i like to use the brightness widget , it will let you turn on/off auto-brightness or with one touch adjust the brightness to one of several presets .
try and clear the app data . settings > play music > clear data . this should re-scan your whole sd card for music . if this does not work , uninstall google play music , remove your mp3 files , the reinstall google play music . if that still fails , try another app like doubletwist .
if the problem is really that rsync renames the files , try rsync --inplace .
no , ram is ram , hard drive space is separate . a smokingly fast ssd would be much slower than typical ram sticks , and it would be impractical to run a system like that . even smartphones have real ram sticks in them ( usually lpddr ) .
as of google+ 4.3 you can select which local folder are included in auto backup .
usually , with the multiuser feature , apps are not downloaded again ( but rather linked ; let 's skip technical details here ) . in your case the trouble is : your apps are not connected to google play , so i am not sure how that would be handled . however , here 's a way you definitely could do so . but it would require you to install one app from google play to handle it : login with your " owner account " get yourself appmonster free backup restore via google play start the appmonster , go into its settings , and check/configure the path it stores the backups to . for your goal , it should preferably be in a location accessible for the other users as well . now " back up " the apps you want to " transfer " . you might wish to include appmonster here as well . login with one of the " target users " use any file manager to navigate to the appmonster backup directory now you can simply " start " the .apk files , and the installer should pop up . as the backup directory structure might be a little confusing , you may wish to first install appmonster that way , and use this app itself to install the other apps ( after having configured the backup directory again ) . be aware this only handles the apps themselves , not their data . another variant , including the app data , could be utilizing adb backup and adb restore . to do this without a computer , you could use helium - app sync and backup . other than above variant , this creates backup archives ( *.ab ) of your apps , which then could be restored using the very same app . i have never tried that amongst multiple accounts , so i cannot guarantee it works . helium is available for android 4.0 and above ; but as you already use the multiuser feature , this should be no show stopper : ) note , however , that you would need to install helium also for the accounts you wish to restore to . and again : while i am pretty sure the appmonster variant will work , i cannot guarantee that helium works in this context . but it might be worth a try if you want to include the data with your transfer .
the error stating that the avd 's config is missing a kernel file is because when i checked the avd manager , the concerned avd had a red cross-mark against it ! once i repaired this avd i found that the error was eliminated !
k9 ( imho the best mail client for android ) currently lacks this feature . if you want this feature , please vote for it without leaving " i want this too comments " i do not know of any other alternatives .
it seems tethering on sgs2 on cm10 is currently broken , according to entropy512 on xda developer : cm10 supports tethering , however wpa/wpa2 tethering was broken on devices with bcmdhd wifi until i fixed it earlier this week . some devices may not have the fix enabled yet ( it has to be enabled on a per-device basis , since the " fix " will break devices that do not need it . )
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
while unlikely , it is possible that the nexus 7 does not support your local lte network . it seems like aero2 only operates lte on 900mhz and 2500mhz ( take that with a grain of salt though ; it may be incorrect or incomplete ) . the nexus 7 2013 apparently does not support either of those frequencies . oddly enough , apparently neither does the ipad mini . you may want to contact aero2 or whatever local providers and find out which frequencies ( or " bands" ) they operate in your area . it does not matter if their network or sim cards are "100% certified for the nexus 7" , they may not operate the appropriate frequencies in your area specifically . rather than ask " do you support the n7 ? " , ask them " what lte bands are operational in the area with the postal code [ your postal code ] ? " if your area should have a band that is listed on the gsmarena page for the nexus 7 , then you may have problems with your device . if not , then you may want to find a carrier that supports lte on the appropriate bands in your area .
there is a setting for lte on a 2013 nexus7 ( 1b32-4g ) . i just found it where you set up the access point name ( apn ) . just go searching . i was surprised to find it . you have to click on a lot of selections to get to it in settings then at the bottom of the first section called wireless and networks click on more . click on mobile networks , then you will see mobile network settings . in that menu list select access point names ( apn ) , you should see your network carrier such as " t-mobile us " and under it mine says "epc.tmobile.com" that was already set up at a t-mobile store when i bought my sim card and registered . then click on the dot to the far right to select your carrier so that the dot turns blue . click on the name of your carrier on the left side of the screen , and on the new menu list , which is called edit access point , scroll down towards bottom , before you edit or add anything , and click/select " bearer " . in that menu list , click and select the choice lte . it may have been selected as unspecified at first . press the " go back " button , and as soon as you complete that the rest of the list of items in field called " edit access points " fills in automatically for what you need , including the name field , which in my case says " t-mobile us " . close all screens as you are done . now it is a matter of finding out if the right " bands " correspond to get the right reception . my own preferred network selections are limited to 2g and 3g , even though it says "4g " on the label with the model name . that is another issue i am taking up with asus right now as two supervisors told me that my model number is 3g/2g , but they also say that asus will not take care of the matter by giving me an actual 4g tablet which is what i paid for on amazon.com. even though i now have the lte setting corrected , it still says hspa in settings> about tablet> network type , which i read is only 3g . i am still baffled .
you would probably wanna : -setup a launcher like nova launcher ( my personal favorite ) solely to setup gestures for daily used tasks like calling and viewing smss . -with nova launcher change the icon size to maximum ( 130% i guess ) to make icons more visible . -go to accessibility and change the text size . since it varies from manufacturer to manufacturer , the customizability may be different . tinker around in the accessibility settings to find something useful . -change ringtone , notification sound and alarm to something loud and distinct . -turn on haptic feedback in sound settings ( varies from manufacturer to manufacturer again ) -de-clutter the home screen ! may even want to sort them by folders ( drag an app over the other )
restart your phone in odin mode by pressing volume down + home + power register and download your stock firmware from sammobile . com unzip the downloaded firmware download odin from xda-developers do not uninstall kies as you will need the driver open odin and connect your phone to computer ( phone should be in odin mode ) when your phone is detected it will be listed under comx under pda select the extracted firmware you downloaded ( select the file with . tar . md5 ) only the checkbox for pda , auto reboot and f . reset time should be checked click start to start your flashing your phone should reboot with stock firmware note : you will lose all the offline content from your phone
download a n900-cwm-recovery-6.0.4.7-kk(0125).tar open odin add the file from step #1 and click start wait till pass##
here is a ( mostly ) non-android solution for you . you will need to ( sign up for and ) use if this then that . create a recipe . 1 your this will be the gmail channel , specifically the any new email trigger . 2 your that will be however you had like to be notified . i like pushover but sms will work just as well . you will use the send me an sms action ( or send a notification for pushover ) . 3 now you can be notified of new messages in your gmail without even actually having gmail on your phone . 4 1 if you prefer , you can just use this recipe ( sms ) or this recipe ( pushover ) . 2 if you do not want to be notified on every new message , there are other triggers you can use , like " new email from " or " new email from search " that can be more specific . 3 unfortunately there is no google+ channel . there a lots of other channels for lots of other services . 4 ifttt triggers usually do not go off more than every fifteen minutes , so do not expect your notification to be instantaneous .
i gave the answer to al e . for taking the time to help me and provide a great working solution . ( though not the solution i ended up going with as 1 ) i did not want to fork over $5 for the pushover app or 2 ) i would already implemented another solution that works great as well . the solution i went with was this https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.shapeservices.impluslite the app is called im+ it is free to use and install with ads . set it up with your email accounts and go into settings and switch on " google push mode " in " push settings " turn off or even disable the gmail app and voila -- gmail push settings without syncing . the great thing about the xmpp network is , there are a lot of other services you can get push notifications for for free . thanks to everyone who helped out with this .
this is samsung 's " quick glance " feature , which triggers when a hand is waved over your sleeping phone . you can turn it off in settings -> my device -> motions and gestures -> air gesture -> quick glance .
i had similar prob . the solutoin is very easy . try these three alternatives . 1 . stop running apps which are not just using . you have to stop them from setting then apps manager . now try to open your gallery . 2 . if one does not work , simply reboot your phone and open your gallery to delete files . 3 . if these two does not work take backup of ur phone . , better to pc and restore the phone to factory setting .
an alternative way is to uninstall some applications that are huge in size . in this way the internal storage can be freed enough to open the gallery app without insufficient memory error .
if you go into your files , you will see a photos and videos sign . click on that and it should say delete . if it does , click it and choose which ones you would like to delete .
while several hints can be found in the insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you case seems a little special ­– as you report to still have ~75 mb free ( 3 times the limit this error should be triggered ) . this should even enable you to install a file manager ( if you have not already done so , or a useful file manager was pre-installed ) . so in order to remove some photos/videos , you could start the file manager and look into the " usual locations " . i have put that terminus in quotes , as different apps seem to place them into different locations . most photo apps save their images below /sdcard/DCIM , many use their own folders here . but as that is not related to your " phone storage " ( sdcard , whether internal or external , should never trigger that issue ) , there might be a similar folder on phone storage . irritates me a little , but i have read that before a few times . so make sure to use a file manager supporting this ( alternatives below ) . next to the DCIM folder , also check Pictures , Photos , Video , media , Music , and Documents , if they exist . a good alternative to " local " file managers ( apps that is ) , there is always the option of using adb ( if you have not yet installed it , check out is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . in case you are not used to the unix/linux command line , tools like qtadb might come in handy , offering a graphical file manager ( amongst other things ) . on a rooted device , and with the help of adbd insecure , you could even access the entire file system this way ( careful ! ) .
the disclaimer appears on the splash screen after rebooting . you will not get any notification during the unlock process . here 's a picture of what you should see .
after relocking and unlocking again , it worked for me .
is SPR-L720VPUEMJA-20131030154609.zip stock rom ? if yes , you can use the odin tool to flash that rom . i assume have already installed samsung kies ( so phone drivers are installed ) . with this done , open odin ( do not change any settings ) . load L720VPUEMJA_L720SPTEMJA_L720VPUEMJA_HOME.tar.md5 into the pda section into the rom . put your phone into download mode ( vol down + home + power ) , and plug it into odin . odin should be able to detect that phone . when it does , start the flashing process .
you should never mess with the system without having a backup . to get root back you can just re-flash the rom that you are using without wiping anything . this will remove whatever happened with your busybox .
it is easy . go to settings , and then tap backup and reset . tap reset phone . if you also want to delete media and other data on htc one , select erase all data . tap ok . you can check htc website also
the actual setting is : settings storage towards the bottom is the factory reset option
settings> accounts> backup and reset> factory data reset
is it a primary google account ? - if it is , a factory reset would be needed , meaning a wipe unfortunately . . .
try call log monitor app . this is free app . call log master is another great free app but it will only work for call logs .
you can download the tool minitool partition wizard home edition and make a fresh format of the memory card . here is a guide you can follow to complete this task . n . b just ignore the steps about ext2 etc . and format using your desired file system . ensure that you create as primary .
i had the same problem . . . new 32gig sd card works just fine with windows , but in my samsung s2 , s3 , and evo it says damaged , or unsupported , etc . i then read on another droid forum about this issue , and here is the easy fix : put your sd card into a usb reader for mem cards etc . you will notice that your card reader has a drive number like g : , or h : , etc . make a shortcut on your windows desktop and make the shortcut location as ( cmd ) . you may remember that cmd is the dos-box command line prompt . now your shortcut to cmd is on your desktop . right click that shortcut and select " run as administrator " . now at the dos prompt type chkdsk &lt;drive letter of the sd&gt;: /r  let it run through it is checks , etc . once done just pop your sd card back into your phone and enjoy !
for reference . i was able to fix the issue by turning off password unlock in security . i went back to pattern unlock . i was able to reproduce the the issue again . as soon as i enabled sd encryption the card becomes " blank " and android refused to use it , format does nothing . card is not mountable so it seems there is a issue possibly limited to the s3/64gb card with sd card encryption . i have not been able to find any reference to this issue else where . its not a show stopper so i will continue without sd encryption .
in ICS 4.0.4: open stock browser , click menu , click settings , from the list , got to advanced section , about middle of page , click on default zoom and select medium . in other versions , if available , it is somewhere near that !
as the error says , you have got 2 options use kies to install the upgrade . wait until your carrier 's wind-up toy servers get un-overloaded . a third option would be to obtain an image of the appropriate firmware ( e . g . from samfirmware ) and flash it via odin , though this is slightly more involved . as an addendum , i was getting this myself with my own gs3 on virgin mobile canada ( aka bell canada ) and i ended up waiting just about 2 days , from the initial reports of people upgrading on sunday until i got it late tuesday evening .
the solution is pretty simple , far more easier than i anticipated : partition your usb drive/sdcard , into two partitions , using this easeus partition master , which is what i used . partition layout needs to be one with 1gb of space with fat32 filesystem , that is for the installer . remaining partition of type ext3 ( linux partition ) . the installer , when live-booting from the usb drive/sdcard , will show the just-created partition on the usb/sdcard , just select that partition to install on it and its done .
you might want to take a closer look into adb , which gives you a command shell directly on the device . using adb , you could do the following : in above example , you need of course to replace my.apk with the correct name . same applies to the mount data : the line starting with &gt; is just an example , which might ( and most likely will ) not match your device . so carefully check the output of mount | grep system to use the correct values here . if you do not have adb installed yet , please follow the information given in the adb tag-wiki , which also points to installation instructions and more .
have you explored the layers option in your maps app ? your saved maps can be shown as a layer . in the following image ( courtsey : howto.cnet.com ) you can see the " my maps " section . expanding my maps will show all your saved maps . it requires a data connection to use this feature . update : while composing this reply , i cross checked my input with the google maps app in my mobile . my mobile is running v2.3.3 and having google maps of version 6 . x . i could see the " my maps " section in the layer and i could overlay one of my saved maps . when i saw op 's comment that " my maps " was not found , i cross checked it with my nexus 7 running 4.3.3 and google maps v7.3.3 . it has indeed no " my maps " at all . after some search , i understood from this page that " my maps " has been removed - may be in favour of google maps for business . update : i just found a new app from google at its play store named " google maps engine " which seems to overlay the stored ( though not the old ones , but only the ones that were created with new google maps for desktop ) maps .
google finally offers the solutions : google maps engine can solve the problem and is free available in the play store
there is epub3 reader available on f-droid and github ( not on google play – though an app using the same package name exists there , it is not the same , but obviously based on the original developers engine ; long story behind that , not fitting here ) . its app description explicitely mentions this feature : parallel texts ( e . g . , original text and its translation into another language ) . find some screenshots here . picking one example : looks exactly like what you are after .
you probably want to install a script like int2ext or mounts2sd . note that these use a second partition on your sd card ( generally ext2/3/4 formatted ) rather than the main sd card partition . you can also move apps to the sd card ( settings -> apps -> " on sd card" ) .
try sending a text message " vl " to 52586 . if you get the same error message as a reply , you will have to call the customer care and they will guide you to set up gprs on your phone manually . this happened to a friend of mine and he fixed it by calling the cc .
hold Power and V- for 10+ seconds . release . press the Power and Home buttons for several seconds , you should see a samsung logo , entering your device into recovery mode . if you can get to this point , the display is function properly . if issues persist , plug in the device and let it charge completely , and then remove the batter , giving it time to discharge completely .
usually when this happens to me , my battery is dead and has really zero power to even turn on . give it some time in the charger .
the bad news : you very probably can not . if the manufacturer decides to backdoor your phone 's firmware , it is hardly detectable by individuals . phones consist of many components of which only a tiny fraction is really authored by the manufacturer . think of drivers and firmwares for various chips like the baseband , wifi , sensors , the various open source parts like the linux kernel , the android system itself , the closed source google apps and additional 3rd party packages from other other companies , that are preloaded . to be sure , you would need all of the firmwares ' source code and a way to compile it in a way such that the official builds and your build match bit by bit to prove that the source code matches the firmware ( and nothing was secretely altered ) . now one still needed to audit all the source and scan it for backdoors/vulnerabilities . to get an idea : truecrypt is a popular disk encryption software for many operating systems . in the wake of the nsa scandal its sources have recently been binary matched with the official windows releases which was a very tedious process ( report here ) . a source code audit has not been conducted yet , but there is a ( now ) still running indiegogo project for funding that audit with currently ~35k us$ pledged for doing it .
opera mini 5 also includes the ability to save / remember a user 's login credentials . lastpass and keepass also have android editions that remember your logins / passwords , although they are not browsers .
the standard android browser does this for me on most ( non-banking type ) websites . when i start typing my username into the login box it shows a drop down of names used in that login box before . selecting one of those fills the password box in too . if you go into the browser and press menu -> more -> settings and then scroll down the settings window to the privacy settings section , there is a tick-box there for remember form data , then if you scroll down a bit further to security settings , there is a tickbox for remember passwords . make sure that both of those are ticked and you should be ok . i am on a galaxy s running the official samsung froyo 2.2 release , and i am sure my old htc magic running stock android donut 1.6 did this too .
there is a lastpass plugin for dolphin browser that is great . it will remember all of your passwords and sync with the desktop if you use lastpass there as well . personally i also prefer the look and performance of the dolphin browser to the stock android one .
this worked for me . try to go to settings> apps> all apps> contacts ( not contact storage ) and clear data . also try to combine all the suggestions : cleared data in contacts app as written above selected the display only contacts from whatever you want made a dummy contact , selecting the desired store location reboot i basically tried all the solutions , so it is a little hard to give the exact way to go about this . hope this helps .
turn off 3g when i have got wifi on . i only need the mobile networks for phone calls when i have got wifi so i would prefer not to have 3g on . 3g and mobile data are two separate things . when wifi is enabled , mobile data no longer goes through the cellular connection , but it does remain connected to the 3g network ( otherwise it could not receive calls or sms/mms ) . i know older versions of cyanogenmod included a highly customizable power control widget that had options that when wifi is enabled ( not necessarily connected ) , it switches to 2g/edge . but there are some downsides with this . switching from 2g to 3g ( and vice versa ) require completely losing phone signal as it shuts down the connection and then searches for the other network . in doing this , you are probably looking at at least 30 seconds of being without a signal when this occurs . one very bad thing i can see with this is if you are on a phone call when you enter or leave a wireless network , it will most likely get disconnected and you will not be able to call them back until you are reconnected . in my experience , switching to 2g-only really is not as big of a battery saver as it was a few years ago . 3g modems have gotten a lot better with power consumption . turn off 3g if i am in a low signal area - i hear if you are on the edge of 3g connectivity , it'll use lots of power constantly connecting to 3g . does android have a way to stop that from running the battery down or should i create a tasker profile for it ? you can adjust the preferred networks under the phone information section , which can be accessed by typing the following into your dialer *#*#4636#*#* and then going down to the set preferred network type section . most likely your phone is on wcmda preferred . this seeks out a 3g/hspa signal and tries to keep it active and only falls back when the signal is really poor . if i remember right , you can set it to gsm/cdma auto ( prl ) and it will pick the one with the best signal . but i read this a while back and have not been able to find the reference again . power saving mode on when the screen is not on . there is not much the phone needs to do when i am not using it so are there already processes built into android to turn the cpu down etc . or do i need to create a tasker profile for it ? it can chew up to 25% of my battery life overnight sometimes . samsung is the only device that i know of that includes a power saving mode . android is actually pretty good about being easy on the battery , but apps that we install are typically the culprits of our poor battery life . a device should be in deep sleep mode well over half the time it is off the charger ( i tend to notice mine around 65%-75% deep sleep ) . this can be checked using cpu stats . unfortunately , to get more information about what is causing your problems , you most likely need root . the app i typically recommend to people on the cyanogenmod forum is betterbatterystats ( which is free on xda for memebers ) . this will actually tell you exactly what in an app is keeping the device from entering deep sleep . this app may still have some functionality without root , but i have never tested it ( i always put a custom rom on my phone , so i am never using it long without root ) . finding out what apps are keeping your phone from entering android 's low power " deep sleep " when the screen is off will save you more on battery than samsung 's power saving mode probably could . as i mentioned above , android already does a great job with trying to minimize power consumption . all phones support cpu stepping , which basically will lower the speed of your processor in various steps until it enters the deep sleep mode . the range of the processor speeds vary from device and kernel ( 3rd-party custom kernels can modify quite a bit ) . when the screen is turned off , android automatically tries to enter deep sleep mode . the only way this does not happen is if something is holding a wakelock . a wakelock is designed to allow an app to finish something before entering the low power state . this could be anything from sending a text message , to being on a phone call , to syncing email . ideally , these should only hold wakelocks for as long as needed , but occasionally they get buggy . this is where the above app i mention comes into play . it can determine what apps are holding those wakelocks , and if they are excessive , you can check the settings of the app to try and minimize it or try uninstalling/reinstalling the app to see if it is a glitch or corrupted somehow . the other option comes with rooting and custom kernels . i give this only as general information . with custom kernels , they can significantly change how the processor operates . everything from lowering the max speed of the processor , to actually sending less voltage to the processor , to severely limiting how high of speed the processor can get while the screen is off . this is part of the reason why a lot of people run custom kernels . the battery savings from undervolting the processor can be quite substantial . also , when running a custom rom , you can remove a lot of the bloat that carriers and/or manufacturers add to the rom , all of which can increase battery consumption . that being said , if you are noticing certain apps are using a large amount of battery or hold large wakelocks , but they are system apps , with newer versions of android , you can still disable those apps ( even if you can not remove them ) . you can do this under settings -> apps -> all -> app name -> disable . if you want to reenable it , it can be found at the bottom of the list alphabetized with all other disabled apps ( if any ) .
i would not bother with any of those optimisations , mostly for the reasons that others have already stated . optimisations i do use ( with llama , but i am sure they are just as easy to do in tasker ) : turn off wifi when not at home . otherwise it will use power looking for wifi hotspots you will not use . turn off sync when at low power , and turn it on again when charging .
turn off 3g when i have got wifi on . i only need the mobile networks for phone calls when i have got wifi so i would prefer not to have 3g on . already done by default , unless you use certain apps that try to force 3g when wifi is on . ( certain older versions of skype come to mind . ) though you might want to check the advanced options in wifi to see if wifi sleep policy is set to " never " , since it'll revert to 3g when the phone is asleep elsewise . turn off 3g if i am in a low signal area - i hear if you are on the edge of 3g connectivity , it'll use lots of power constantly connecting to 3g . does android have a way to stop that from running the battery down or should i create a tasker profile for it ? knock yourself out on that one . but you might want to consider how you will know when to turn 3g back on . power saving mode on when the screen is not on . there is not much the phone needs to do when i am not using it so are there already processes built into android to turn the cpu down etc . or do i need to create a tasker profile for it ? it can chew up to 25% of my battery life overnight sometimes . first : why do you not plug your phone in at night ? second , this varies on a phone-by-phone basis .
i belive it is because you gained the data during the period wi-fi was activated , so when you swithced off your wi-fi , there was still some unread data you had not seen ( in the form of mail and g+ notifications ) . also i recomed , if you are seriously worried about this , and it perseveres , to turn off wi-fi via wireless communications in the settings app .
if you turn off wi-fi , but you have a data plan with your carrier , you will still be accessing the internet using your cellular mobile radio . opening the app and having it say that it is not connected to the internet could thus be because you have poor signal , or you have not used your phone in a while and it is been auto-disconnected from the mobile network to save battery/bandwidth by either the phone or your carrier . you can use airplane mode to turn off both cellular and wi-fi radios .
my apologies , i just found it . for the benefit of those who have the same problem : it should apply to the other galaxy tab 2 models , too .
in dropbox 2.0.1 ( and in pre-2.0 versions , iirc ) , you can tap on a text file and it can offer to open it in " db text editor " which comes with the app ( or some other editor which has been assigned to open files with . txt extension ) . note that this will not work on just about any other file -- dropbox does not recognize mime types , but rather uses the extension to pick a program to open a file with , even if the file in question contains text . this also works with other file types -- for example , i am able to open my password database from keepassdroid ( extension . kbdx ) .
it is about 290 dpi ( just crunch the numbers : use the pythagorean equation to get the " pixels " diagonally , then divide by the screen diagonal ) .
make sure your google acct does not sync picasa photos . . . then go to settings > application manager > all apps > gallery > clear data and cache . deletes the synced album . similarly you can clear all synchronised data from gmail also . in settings-> accounts-> google-> your account , you can uncheck all options . so your google details will not get synchronised . . .
when you set up synchronization , it sets up sync with picasa and other services . you can go in to the settings and accounts and unselect specific services , like picasa . that should remove the images from being synced to the phone .
remove your google account and make sure you are checking off google backup when you add in your account for the second time , this will work !
digital clock does almost everything you ask . ignore the rubbish picture from the page , it is a full-screen clock with white text on black and it is free . to configure it as you need , launch the app , then open the settings ( tap the screen to open the options then tap settings ) then set : clock -> screen timeout to unchecked . clock -> orientation to landscape . time and date -> show date to unchecked . you can also adjust the time format and colour if you wish . the time is about half the screen height , but i can easily read it on my phone from more than 20ft away so that may not be a problem .
i use stopwatch and timer goes full screen when you change into landscape orientation , also i used the lap times when we had to give a team presentation .
i use ovo timer : a minimalist app to set your timer by dragging an arc on your screen . also , you can set time by voice ( it needs internet connection for this ) . it runs on android 2.1 and up . the only con i have found is that it only supports times not greater than 1 hour . about what you are asking for : just display the time ( for example 14:28 ) . check . not go into standby mode . check : you can configure it to do so via preferences . hugest font possible , black on white , landscape . close enough : it rotates as your device does . also the red/white arc animation gives you a clue about remaining time . free app . check . open source app . i think not .
i use flow timer for this , it displays the ( countdown ) time in the largest possible width in black on white ( default ) . furthermore by default it just dims the screen but does not turn it off ( in the settings there is a choice to keep it at " bright " , that is , to not even dim the screen a bit ) . landscape mode ( even tablet ) as well . you can also add several timers after each other for different parts of the presentation . no interaction required , it just makes a small beep ( configurable ) and continues/finishes . full disclosure : i am the author
you need to put the headset into a pairing mode . according to the manual , the procedure is as follows : turn the headset off press and hold the mfb ( multi-function button ) for 6 seconds until the led flashes red and blue alternatively and you hear a beep search for bluetooth devices on your phone and select the phbt5 enter 0000 as the pin if asked when the pairing is successful and active the led will flash only blue regularly
yes . if an app does not work the way you want , or you can not work out how to make it do what you want , it is always appropriate to contact the developer . you can do this via google play : every app has to have an email address or phone number for support , which you can find on that app 's page . many apps also have a " support " or " feedback " option inside the app too . even if the answer is that there is no way to do this and they do not intend to add it , at least you know that from the horse 's mouth , and of course if they get enough requests they may change their mind and add it . and going the other way , even if there was already a really simple way to do it , and they just tell you how to do it , it lets them know that they need to make it easier to find in future .
your usb port is bad - this is a hardware issue . take the phone in for warranty service . edit : i had this happen on my nexus s as it came out of the box today . i flashed the latest stock rom , then re-installed cyanogenmod over top ( and restored my data ) . it seems to be a little less flaky . you may not be able to do anything of the sort , but it may help others .
i have one thing to say . before even concluding it as a hardware issue , you can do one more thing . go to Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Settings Reset -&gt; Reset Phone it does not remove any personal data on the phone and resets the settings only . the phone restarts itself . now plug in your cable to the pc and see if the same issue continues to happen . if it happens again then it is purely hardware issue .
i think the code is 000000 but not certain . i read it somewhere .
can you leave the code blank ? i can . if not , the wii stuff controlling app can start a pairing without key from within .
i do not think it'll work out of the box , you will need an app that has the required code to work around the default bluetooth protocol of requiring a pin for devices to be paired securely . there is an app called wiiscale which allows a user to link the wii balance board with their android device , provided they are rooted . the plus point of course is that it is compatible with cm which you are running . :- ) alternate app : fitscales
i found a hidden ee/orange portal where you can enter your model details and phone number and it sends an sms update .
found it . . . . message board service started bluelocate service started here is the app causing theses messages : connectdroid
if you are rooted , install rom toolbox pro . go to its Interface section where you can find Icon Changer . its what you are looking for . using it , you can change notification bar color as well as icons appear on it . while the app makes backup of relevant system files before change , you should always be prepared for disaster with nandroid backup .
i was under the impression ( before stumbling upon this solution ) that the notification system was a part of the secured android system , and would only be available for modification while rooted or modded . this little application , notification toggle , gives you the power of notification power widgets without root privileges ! as far as graphical and design changes , the most likely solution is a custom rom , and you will most likely not be able to do this without rooting and flashing a rom . note : this app does not seem to enable you to change the lookout of the notification bar , which , upon second reading of the question , sounds like most of what you are looking for . i was excited about this app , so i felt compelled to share it , but i do not believe it allows for cosmetic changes to the notification bar :/ sorry !
i use the tasker application to change the screen timeout and brightness ( as well as the gps ) when i use maps or navigation . i turn on gps and disable timeout when starting maps/navigation and turn them off on exiting . tasker allows you to specify certain tasks that are activated when opening/closing and application . it has several other features and uses , but i find it works well for the problem you are having .
no . my friend got an extended battery so i tried my case with his phone -- the extended battery is really large , so it will not work . which is a shame , because the otterbox defender case is so large that a hypothetical extended battery otterbox defender would not be significantly bulkier than the current otterbox defender ( regular battery ) . if otterbox made a defender case specifically for the bionic with the extended battery , i would buy both that case and an extended battery . i guess that the market for that specific case is just too small .
generally bluetooth uses less power . on my htc desire , i use bluetooth because it lasts longer and consumes much less power compared to wi-fi hotspot when connection is idle .
the way i generally deal with truculent apps is by following each of these steps until it starts working again . force stop clear cache clear app data restart the device uninstall/reinstall ( this may be tricky with the market app )
you can use changelog droid app which featured one touch functionality to import your complete wish list into so called observed apps category and then you can export your observed apps to sd card ( preferences , export/import , export/import observed apps ) and sent this file ( /sdcard/cd_observed . json ) to your friends which can import your observed list into their changelog droid . yes they should install this app too , but this app is so good that they will be glad to use it anyway : ) for a few items in a wish list it is an overkill , but i have over one hundred apps in my wish list so in such a situation changelog droid is the acceptable way to realize sharing my complete wish list .
actually , it should not be necessary to connect the tablet to your desktop . all you need to do is to log into google play on your desktop with the same account that is registered on the tablet . then navigate to an app and press the Install button ( or Installed if it is already installed on one of your other devices ) : once you click Install , a dialog will appear which allows you to select the device to install to : after clicking Install , click OK on the next dialog that pops up . then connect your tablet via wifi , wait a bit , and the app will be installed !
goto settings--> apps--> all--> ( you can find Settings App ) click on settings--> clear data and cache
unfortunately , i do not think there is a simple solution . your simple options seem to be : use google music and select a subset of music to keep offline do not use google music for offline tracks ; instead sync them yourself use the " fix incorrect match " button on the web interface to force your low-quality songs to be uploaded ( you can use gmusicapi to automate the process ) make enough noise that google devs take notice ( i am willing to bet their servers support this feature ) one last thing : i was under the impression that matching a song did not automatically get you access to a 320kbs copy . when uploading , the music manager actually provides the bitrate of your copy of the song ( here 's my code ) ; i have seen low quality ( eg 128kbs ) local copies matched and then produce a &lt ; 320kbs copy when redownloaded . so , if you have got time to burn , you could conceivably use this to your advantage : re-encoding to poor quality locally and reuploading may result in lower-quality server matches .
google officially renamed the market ( and its associated products ) to google play , which they announced on march 6th . google play encompasses all of the content distribution/sales services previously provided by google such as music , movies , and apps . due to this rebranding , the various android apps have also been renamed : google music is now play music google books is now play books google movies/videos is now play movies the market is now the play store the last one i have bolded because it will update itself , meaning that the market will suddenly seem to " disappear " . in reality , the application has simply been renamed , so open your app drawer and look for the " play store " app instead of the " market " app . the icon will resemble the same shopping bag as the market icon , but it will be white : the other three will not update on their own , but can be updated from within the play store as per usual . the functionality and visual design of the play store app is almost identical to that of the most recent market app versions ( 3.4+ or so ) . again , it is simply a renaming/rebranding of the original market app . however , if the market did get completely uninstalled for some other reason ( not associated with the play store update ) , you may need to look at android market disappeared ! how do i get it back ? which also discusses how to re-install the market .
if you still want them to show up in your inbox , things get complicated . you would have to create filters to label every kind of message you do want notifications for , and then in the gmail app you would turn off notifications for the inbox , followed by syncing and turning on notifications for the label you just created . if you do not care if they show in your inbox , do the following from the web gmail : go to Mail Settings -&gt; Filters -&gt; Create new filter put youraddress@gmail.com in the to field put Chat with in the subject field hit next check Skip the inbox hit create filter alternatively you could turn off the saving of chat history , which disables offline messages , but that has its own downsides .
you should set some things on your phone : go to " settings " page , select " accounts and sync " unselect " background data " you can not receive any gmail messages , since you stop connecting with google server . if you want receive gmail messages , reselect " background data " .
use a file manager such as astro file manager . i will use my file manager quick to check though . edit : so on my galaxy s2 the directory is /sdcard/download . /sdcard is the root directory on my phone and not actually an sd card . it is the 2gb of app storage on my phone
you could try homesmack or home2 shortcut . these apps can remap the functionality of the home button to any app . with the second you can also set up combinations like Home key followed by Search key , Back key , etc . to launch an app .
from the description , it seems like button savior non root can do this ( and button savior ( root ) even more ) . i did not try it , and the description is slightly unclear whether it only emulates hardware keys using a floating menu , or you can re-map hardware keys ; so your feedback is welcome if you try it . alternatively , the xda developers offer an app called buttonremapper . while this explicitly states tool to remap the hardware buttons , it requires root . last partly alternative i can name is tasker . here i know for sure you can remap at least the camera button . not sure about others .
the superoneclick dev 's website http://shortfuse.org/ states on their august compatibility list : all 2.3.4 devices need a custom root method . looking around , there does not seem to be a universal one click root method for 2.3.4 yet , most of the root methods for the later gingerbreads involve flashing custom firmware , etc which is more involved .
looks like the latest version is 1.9.2 . i found a rom in xda developers miui 1.9.2 sd here instructions of how to update miui sd are in the thread hope this helps .
i take it that your phone/tablet does not have google play . to directly download apps why not use amazon market to download apps from your phone . other than this , i would recommend you to google out individual apps by name for their apk or wait for the service to return .
if you view a chat and open the overflow menu ( the three dots ) . click " people and options " you should see the " people in this hangout " . if you then click on the person you should be prompted to add them to your contacts .
as far i know you can not add people directly from a hangouts chat . you will need their email atleast . if you have their email id , open gmail and open contcts . then click " add contact " and add people with their appropriate emails .
i am not sure if this is htc specific , but this is what i need to do to get a " direct dial " icon on my htc desire . long press on where you want to add the icon hit ' shortcut ' hit ' direct dial ' select the contact you want to use ( if the contact has more than one number , you will need to pick which one ) there should now be an icon that will have that contact 's photo and a small phone symbol on the bottom right . if you hit the icon , you will immediately dial the contact .
there are too many 3rd-party apps and widgets that allow you to place " direct dial " type of widgets and/or shortcuts on the home screen . have you installed this from android market ? in that case you should be able to browse through your installed apps in market -> my apps section . you can then look up each app 's description to see if that is the one that gave you this functionality .
there is no file that i know of for changeing keyboard layout . you might want to try to change the settings for your phone to english and then back to german . that might help reseting the keyboard layout , depending how htc have set up the firmware the you used when you reinstalled the phone . if that does not work , you could try to use adb from googles android developer site . there you can set localization for your phone without using the menu in settings . that should be the same thing though . tells how to change localization on a device through menu and using adb command ( which is advanced ! ) . android developers dev guide , device also some instructions how to change/test localization on an android device when you test their tutorial program on localization . android developers resources , test localized if this does not work , you could always try to install another software keyboard from the market or reinstall the android firmware in the phone .
i think the easiest way would be to flash a stock german rom , and completely wipe out the broken settings .
i solved this by overwriting keyboard layout in my rom backup file from stock german rom , and flashing the new " backup " back .
official ota 's from htc could only be installed if you posses the stock recovery . you can download the right one for you from xda here . when you have downloaded it you can just flash it by typing this ( with your phone connected in fastboot mode ) : fastboot flash recovery path/to/recovery.img disclaimer : probably the update will not work if you have a custom rom installed on it ( custom roms sometimes have different packages that the ota will corrupt ) . if you want to update via ota you should first install a stock htc rom too .
manufacturer otas can only be flashed using the recovery that came with your device , which is ( more often than not ) 3e recovery . i would recommend that you find a stock recovery . img , fastboot flash recovery recovery.img , then apply the ota .
looking at your file permissions , it looks like a simple permissions problem . the file does not have execution permissions for any users . you can use many different options to set permissions : chmod should work on most cases . you can also use many file managers to set file permissions individually . the option you wound up using , es file explorer , is an excellent example of such . you should also read up on unix permissions if you are not already familiar with the subject . it'll be a great help in the future .
i assume you are referring to the htc sense clock widget that appears on the home screen ? it looks like this : if so , it is important to note that the location listed there is indicating what location the weather refers to , not the time . htc 's support site has an explanation of how to work with the widget , including editing settings . it sounds like you added a new location to the weather configuration ( which is why it separates it into " home " and " current location" ) , but it is still showing some other , non-current , and non-"home " weather forecast . for that , you will want to read checking weather , also on htc 's support website . it explains how to add new cities to the list , how to rearrange the order of the cities ( e . g . , so that the important one shows up first ) , and most important : how to delete one ; ) do not worry about it being for the htc desire s -- both phones run android with htc sense , so the steps will be the same for both .
screen protector might help protect your fingers , if glass is even and no missing pieces
vibration on my samsung , which is a galaxy s3 , is controlled from within the messaging app itself . start the app . settings > notifications > vibrate . uncheck .
answering your second question : google voice does not currently allow forwarding to another google voice number :
if you are rooted , you can push this collection of media files to /system/media/ without root , android should still locate the files if you place them in a folder on your sd card called " media " and retain the rest of the file structure from the zip .
yes , it uses the light sensor , and yes most of the smartphones support it . as for how does it work ; smartphones , generally , have a light sensor located in the bezel right next to the screen that measures the ambient light together with control software that appropriately raises or lowers the screen brightness based on the measured light level . if you are watching in the dark the screen should be appropriately dim . when the ambient light level is higher the screen needs to be made appropriately brighter for two reasons : because of glare from ambient light reflected off the screen , which washes out the image , and because the eye 's light sensitivity decreases substantially as the ambient light level increases .
yes , as you have guessed on devices that support automatic screen brightness , there is a light sensor , it is typically a small hole on the side of the screen . not all phones have a light sensor ; for example samsung spica lacks one , though you can use the power control widget to quickly change the brightness .
quick notes is alright .
go to : Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All -&gt; Web [or Internet]  hit " clear defaults " and that will change it to again ask every time .
for information about seeing log messages , look at the answers to how can i view and examine the android log ? note that the behaviour is different between 4.1-jelly-bean and prior versions . android users do not work like users on a normal gnu/linux system , so unlocking the lock screen is not a " login " in the same way that logging into a terminal session , through an x display manager , or via the network are on a gnu/linux box . failed attempts to unlock the lock screen are not logged . the log is meant as a debugging aid , and log messages are not stored forever , so the lock screen application would have its own way of storing failed attempts . in general , the android engineers at google like to keep the logs quiet on production devices , so system apps have a lot of logging that is turned off in the official build . there is nothing to stop a device oem , or an unofficial rom , having more logging for failed unlocks ( or any other events ) . you could compile your own rom to achieve this , but doing so is way beyond the scope of this site .
if the application has been downloaded previously , and the certificates does not match , android will display the same error . make sure you have uninstalled any previous versions of the application and then reinstall the application . if you can not find your application in the app drawer , you should go into setting-> application manager and then uninstall the application . or the second reason may be that the app is not compatible with your android version .
the usual way of fixing bootloops is doing a factory reset ( via recovery mode ) . of course , you will lose your data . but seeing that you have a custom recovery , do you also have a custom rom installed ? if yes , try ( dirty ) flashing the custom rom via custom recovery . do not forget to wipe cache and dalvik cache .
fwiw i have been having a similar problem , but without the modifications you mention . my process was to root , install supersu , titanium backup and then restore a bunch of apps . the first time i got the problem , i thought i had restored some system apps or something , so i reverted to stock , and tried again , but being more careful to only restore apps and stuff like wifi access points . this suffered the same problem ( but possibly less so ) . i have gone back to stock again , and i am going to try it to see whether i get similar behaviour without rooting . if all is well for a day or so , then i will root , and see if anything changes . if it is still stable , i will start using apps that utilise root and see what happens .
the crashes are caused by poweramp 2.0.9 build 529 . how i found out : the player was freezing at the beginning of songs every once in a while and uninstalling it solved the problem . no more restarts : ) maybe the crashes are caused by play store via apps that are utilizing the modded licence check of play store ( poweramp is one of them ) . but i cannot be sure since i do not have any other app that requires licence control . just wanted to say that if anyone else is having the same issue with modded play store , removing your licence requiring app ( be it poweramp or sth else ) may be your solution . edit : false alarm . the restarts have started after a couple of days , and now more often than ever .
use titanium or any other app that can delete system apps and then delete everything related to knox ( samsung protection crap ) . the freeze is caused because knox keeps trying to block su access and somehow the system crashed and it reboots . i had the same problem and doing this completely stopped both the freezes and the reboots . of course , make sure to backup everything before . from system to apps ( use titanium aswell ) .
did you try whatsapp ? it is available on both ios and android . google voice is the best option though if available in your country .
two ex-googlers created the app mightytext . give it a try : " send and receive sms and mms from your computer or tablet , using your current android phone number . messages stay in sync with your phone 's sms inbox . " " sms directly from gmail on your computer . " " text from [ your ] phone as [ you ] normally would . . . in the u.s. or international . " disclaimer : i have not actually tested it in australia ; ) but i would be happy to hear if it works for you !
since you are in australia , i would suggest trying t0mm13b 's suggestion of viber . you will have to " validate " your account with viber in a location that you have mobile data connection , according to this article , first , but then you should be able to use the service just fine on wifi . if available , google voice is a good option . you will be able to send and receive sms from it on both mobile network and wifi . it is probably your best option as it does not require the other person to have a different application to be able to receive the messages . most of them will require the person receiving the message to have the same application . google voice does not require the other person to have a special application . it will send the messages as sms . it will , however , require you to use the google voice application to send the messages .
try bluestacks app player on your computer . you can download any android app in it and use it on computer .
in your keyboard settings there should be a " my dictionary " or " my words " or something similar , in there should be all of the words you have added to autocorrect , if " was " is there , delete it , if not add " was " .
you should be able to execute the df command from within any terminal app or via adb shell . it would list up all available file systems and their " free space " ( df stands for " disk free" ) . but you would need to know what is what there . to give you an example from one of my tablets : so just like cinderella you have to pick out the good ones , but simply can ignore the rest ( or you can take a look at android folder hiearchy to learn the important ones ) : /system is where your os and its system apps reside . rarely interesting to the end user , as it is not writable ( except you can make it such on rooted devices ) /data is your " internal storage " */sdcard* ( differs between devices and android versions ) your internal or external sdcard ( see next item ) *external* ( may be external_sd , external_sdcard , ext_sd , . . . ) is your external sdcard . if that entry exists , the one mentioned with previous item for sure is the internal one . so in my example there is enough free space available : 1 gb on /data ( internal storage ) , 3 gb on internal sd , and 26 gb on the external . as these values are yielded by the system itself , one should be able to trust them : ) remark : i ommitted some of the df output to make it better readable .
there is no way to resume a cancelled download queue in the play store . you will have to trigger a restore again . the only way to initialise a restore is via the setup app , so you would have to wipe again , and then let it restore . make sure you connect to wifi in the setup this time however .
if you go into play store app , tap on menu > settings , there is the option to ' auto update apps ' and also , ' update over wi-fi only ' ( this is important so not to chew up your data plan and end up with a massive phone bill ) , it should be noted that this is in play store version 3.10.10 . in that way , it will only do it over the wifi network , and update automatically . unfortunately , there is no way to do a mass-resume of apps in bulk , the alternative solution is to use titanium backup and backup the apps to the cloud or dropbox , and let titanium backup do its magic in restoring from there onto the new handset , which has resumable download feature .
switching the primary account on google play seems to continue the auto-update process
it seems to be possible to re-trigger the app sync by going to accounts in settings , then removing your google account and adding it again from the same menu .
System Settings-&gt;Select your Google account-&gt;Search-&gt;Near the bottom .
if you are rooted , then use an app to freeze the MarketUpdater.apk app . you can also remove that app from the /system/app directory . without that app , the market/google play will not automatically update . there is no way to prevent market updates without root .
look up your phone 's pit in google and put it in pit in odin . flash it , then flash your rom . in case your battery is not charging : look for someone to charge it for you in his device before you do this as it consumes battery power with the constant rebooting of the yellow triangle .
check out http://www.samsunggalaxysforum.com/tutorials/unbrick-you-phone-in-minute/
now , the only option you have left is to flash your rom . flash any one of official firmware from below : gingerbread 2.3.5 xfjva gingerbread 2.3.5 xxjvt follow the links and do exactly what it says . it'll take less that half an hour . just , do it . . nothing more ! do not do any experiment before you boot your device . plus , do not follow any non-matured instructions from forums etc .
from http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/mobile/android/market-policies.html , product removals : from time to time , google may discover a product on the market that violates the android market developer distribution agreement or other legal agreements , laws , regulations or policies . in such an instance , google retains the right to remove those applications from your device remotely , at its sole discretion . if that occurs , google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of the product , if any , from the originating developer on your behalf . if google is unable to recover the full amount of the purchase price , it will divide any recovered amounts between the affected users on a pro rata basis . from what i can gather from above , it seems that the app in question will be removed from your device and you will be entitled for a refund . ( not strictly a full refund sometimes ) the app fails to be removed from the device and you may not get a refund . ( though i suggest you can contact google in this case ) if the app exists on your device , you can use it any how and it is not under jurisdiction of google anymore . and answer to you alternate situation , again , yes google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of product and the refund option will probably work .
first remove the network from known list . then when you are adding that wi-fi network on your tablet use manual dhcp and enter the details from your phone . . . this should work without issues . .
ps . i tried to rename the file to pb32img . zip and use the update from zip option but it does not work . how does it not work ? please provide details . the general procedure for installing a new rom would be : download rom . zip file to sd card . back up current rom in case new rom does not work : boot to recovery mode ( hold down the power and volume down ( vol - ) keys at the same time under boot ) select ' backup and restore ' select ' backup ' and confirm wait for process to finish and go back to recovery main screen wipe and factory reset ( this is important for stability ! especially when installing a different rom , and not just an update . with an update you can usually skip factory reset ) : select “wipe data/factory reset” and confirm select “advanced” then “wipe dalvik cache” and confirm wait for process to finish and go back to recovery main screen install rom . select “install zip from sd card“ select “choose zip from sdcard“ select the . zip file you downloaded to the sd card in step 1 . wait for process to finish , go back to recovery main screen and select reboot . where in the above process do you get stuck ?
nope you can not . android phones are a bit " blocked " for other oses to be run and installed on the device . . . by the way the first approach for this can be found at hd2 toolbox and hot bootloader , which may help developers to build boot some other oses on top of android . different from the windows mobile era , that for example my htc touch pro2 can run android ( fully featured ) and ubuntu ( with some restrictions ) , not to mention al those oses that have been ported to the htc leo ( hd2 ) .
remove the sd card and the sim card . restart the phone and only plug it in when its restarted completely . make sure the phone is set to usb kies . check the cables too !
try to disable usb debugging . when you connect you will then have a button labelled " connect usb " on the phone . press it and it will install itself . it worked for me .
i had this problem with ubuntu and windows . just today after installing dropbox ( which is a good workaround btw ) after the following steps , my phone was recognized as if it were a flash drive : power off . connect usb to pc . charge for a while ( irrelevant i assume ) power on while connected . i do not know whether dropbox changed some setting or permission , whether something else i played with did , or the power-off-on sequence fixed it .
try to uninstall the galaxy s drivers from the device manager in windows while it is plugged in , and then reconnect the phone to the computer .
my answer on that other question was not quite right -- i have a us variant on the galaxy s , and the process to get into download mode is not exactly the same . i will update that answer shortly , in the meantime here are the odin instructions : go to this xda thread and download the newest firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
oh , i found how languages may be switched : ) . there is a small keyboard icon in the notification area which allows to do that .
to change languages , layouts and keyboard apps you can always tap on a text field ( the keyboard must be active ) , then drag down the notification bar and tap aon keyboard settings/input methods . now you chose the keyboard application or configure it to change its language .
i am assuming you are using the menu found under settings when the phone is fully booted . doing a factory reset from clockworkmod recovery should not make the phone vibrate . boot to recovery and choose wipe data/factory reset . the effect is the same as the menu in the settings .
when you are in the browser , open the menu , choose More | Settings and select " set home page " .
not a direct answer , but there is an effort underway to improve the mobile versions of the stack exchange sites . stackexchange-url i have used my android browser to interact with the stack exchange sites and it works pretty well .
there is " droidstack " which allows to browse the questions , users , tags and monitor for statuschanges , but it does not allow you to question yourself or write an answer . but you can open the current question , user , whatever in your favorite browser anytime . this comes closest to writing . there are other tools , with similar restrictions , but i think droidstack is the best of the ones i tested so far . the problem is , that writing to any se-site is ( currently ) not allowed via api , only via webinterface . writesupport is planned for api-version 3.0 , and will be bound to other reputationlevels then via web as stated in " announcing api version 1.1" on stackapps.com?
stack exchange app is there in google play . you can ask question using this app .
yes it is possible with tasker + secure settings plugin . i dit it in a harder scenario ( altough i am an sk17i owner too ) i used the above combination to unlock , force landscape , and wake up an alcatel dual sim phone paired with a nuu minikey sliding bluetooth keyboard .
investigating in this issue , we already have a lot of broken screen questions providing some clues : you could hook your device to your tv screen via hdmi . this should mirror its ( invisible ) screen . of course this would require your screen at least to respond to touch events . airdroid might provide some help , as it allows to manage your device for many things , and also advertizes to stream the screen of your android in nearly real-time you could use some vnc server , and start it via adb as described in broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server the latter obviously was the solution fitting you best , as you reported having done exactly that with vmlite vnc server . not the cheapest solution ( this app comes for about us$ 8 ) – but certainly cheaper than paying off a tech : )
once the tunnel is created , you should connect to mysql using localhost:1234 .
almost every android file manager or music player has option to set song ( not only mp3 ) as ringtone - so just use it . this video may be helpful .
you need to download third party apps for it , just search for it on google search . e.g. " read out text messages android " vote up if i helped . ; )
it sounds like you talking about talkback , the accessibility program that comes with a lot of android devices . in order to activate talkback ( assuming it is installed ) , open your phone settings , then go to the accessibility section . select talkback and enable it ( and accept the warning that talkback will be able to see sensitive information ) . after it is enabled , you should look through the settings for talkback and configure it to your needs .
stephen is wrong in a way , actually talkback is for differently abled people , or the one 's weak at vision , it will read out loud everything , its not what the questioner means . it will not specifically read out elements , and that would be very irritating .
i agree with stephen schrauger . you can use talkback . if you do not have it then you can download it or some better alternative
it may be your file explorer is not written well . you could try to use a different file explorer , such as es file explorer . or , try going about it from a different way . instead of using your email program to look for an attachment , use your file explorer to ' share ' the attachment , and choose to share it via your email app . it will add the file as an attachment and open your email app . as long as your email client is listed as a possible ' share ' app , this should work . if neither of those work , try getting a new email client . since the email client is not showing all of your file explorer apps when selecting to add an attachment , it may have written its own ( poorly designed ) app selector .
strange issue , due the fact you have a custom kernel it might be a better plan ( hope you do not have any important things on your phone ) to completely wipe your phone and reset to stock . so from cwm just wipe system , ( dalvik ) cache , install fresh . zip from the internal sd ( suppose you can mount the usb in cwm ) and ( re ) install a clean rom , install gapps and modem [ optional ] , fix permissions , boot phone , good to go . if you can not grab a proper logcat/last_kmsg it is difficult solving this issue to be honest . if it is solved just be sure to make a nandroid backup and then flash a custom kernel , if something goes wrong you can just reset it back to the current ( working ) state .
the component name is specified as the package name , then a slash , then the name of the class . so in this case , the command you want is:- am startservice --es toggle toggle com.urbandroid.lux/.TwilightService  for future reference , and to help avoid confusion : the intent is the name of the message you are sending to start the service . the thing that you want to start is a service , not a " service intent " , and the thing you found in the manifest is a service , not an intent .
" fake flash " when you boot into recovery via vol-down at power up , you get stock when you boot into recovery using rm you get update . zip you need to flash permanently eg via alpha rev , unrevoked or via adb . i have a desire so what i used may not work for you .
i cant find that option in my nexus 7 . it seems they have removed this in jellybean or kitkat . this is what i do . settings> apps> all> contacts> clear data , clear cache settings> apps> all> contacts storage > clear data , clear cache this will clear all the database of the people app .
does this work for you ? contacts -> menu -> delete -> select all -> delete if not there are apps " delete contacts " in the market you could try .
i would say this is solvable with an automation tool like tasker , llama and co . rawly described profile : condition : headphones plugged action : set audio level to x where " audio level " in many cases ( at least with tasker ) can be defined more specific ( e . g . different levels for notification , alert , incoming call . . . ) -- and " x " being the specific level you had like it to have . this done , everytime you plug your headphones in , you will have the same media volume you have defined .
there is an xposed module to fix that : http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.pyler.nosafevolumewarning it does the trick for me on the galaxy nexus i have plugged into my sound system .
the stock android browser , as long as the website uses a file upload control it can . i just used the upload tool on twitpic , which uses flash , allows me to select audio , video or image files , and uploads them to twitpic .
the apps will disappear from your home screen if your sd card is unmounted from the phone for any reason , they will not automatically come back on their own . the most likely reason is that the sd card can not be mounted to both your phone and your pc at the same time , so if you plug your phone into a pc , and your sd card is mounted as a drive so you can copy files to and fro , etc then that dismounts the card from your phone temporarily and you will lose the home screen icons . the apps should still be in your applications list and you should be able to add them back onto the home screen the same way that you did it when you installed them . this is a combined limitation of the way that the android os handles sd cards , and the way that most home screen launchers ( like samsung 's touchwiz that you are using ) cope with apps moved to sd .
i have an evo and had this problem as soon as i started moving a lot of apps to my sd card . basically , apps moved to an sd card are stored in a secure area and it apparently takes android a while to make this " secure " area available at boot , and this may not happen before your launcher starts . the more apps you have , the longer it takes to do whatever it is doing , and at some point you will find none of the sd card apps available at boot . restarting your launcher may or may not be necessary ; the one i use , tag home , does seem to notice apps becoming available on the sd card . . . sometimes . i found that a hot reboot ( a partial restart that only reloads the phone 's ui ; you can find apps that do this in the market , though you need to have rooted the phone ) would usually help , but i had to time it properly , or do it multiple times . i read somewhere that gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) makes this better . the evo came with 2.2 and recently a 2.3 ota upgrade appeared for it . i have not yet installed that for a couple of reasons : first , as i said , i rooted my phone and need to be cautious with this , and second , there were some bugs reported in the upgrade which will be fixed later this month . so i do not yet know firsthand if this is true . i have had much better luck partitioning my sd card ( adding a dedicated 1gb partition for apps ) and using an app from the market called link2sd . not only do the apps usually seem to be available by the time the launcher loads , you can move the entire app to the card ( did you ever notice that apps take some internal memory even after moving them to sd ? ) and even moves apps that can not be moved the usual way . ( hbo go wants 15 mb of my internal memory ? not anymore ! i even moved adobe flash to sd and it continues to work fine . ) however , you have to root your phone to do all this and it is fairly advanced .
i have the same problem , the partial solution is open the task manager and clear the " level 2" ram memory , this will close and relaunch everything and the apps in the sd reappears .
i had this kind of problem and solved it this way : why my app disappear at reboot ?
the answer to both questions turned out to be force to stop the app twlauncher . then when i close the apps management it started again and i get all my icons ( and shortcuts ) back . so now when i have my sd card unmounted i can not see the icons . when it is mounted back , i have to restart twlauncher . it is very annoying but at least i know i have not lost all my apps .
i do not know for sure if this is your only problem , but i am posting it as an answer just in case . you seem to be confused about adb commands . adb shell foo  is a command that tells adb to open a shell on the device , and run the command foo on the device , whatever you say there for foo . therefore , the command you have been running , adb shell recovery  does not tell the device to go into recovery mode : it tells the device to run a command named recovery , while android 's still running . from your description , it sounds like this is the same program that the recovery mode uses , but it is not intended to be run while android is running . it is writing to the screen directly , without going through android , which is why it keeps disappearing and can not accept input . it is actually pretty sloppy work on the part of the manufacturer that you can run this program at all from within android . in the same way , the command you want to use to reboot into the bootloader is adb reboot-bootloader  ( on newer adb versions you can replace the hyphen with a space if you like . ) there is no shell in the command , because this is an instruction to adb , not a command to run on the device .
effectively nothing . the two desktop torrent clients , utorrent and bittorrent used to be developed by two separate groups . late 2006 , µtorrent was purchased by bittorrent inc . since then , they started shipping bittorrent as a re-branded utorrent , but also kept utorrent around . wikipedia because of this , they maintain one program , but have two versions separated only by name , and it seems as though they carried this over to their android apps as well .
the lock icon when you turn on your phone shows that the phone 's bootloader is unlocked and does not show if it is rooted or not . just use the tool to you used to root and unlock the bootloader to unroot and re-lock the bootloader it . for info about the razr xt910 have a look at this link by flashing a rom or rooting your razr voids motorola warranty terms . even if you flash the same rom your razr came with . 3 . all the devices are divided by regions . this means you can only flash a stock rom designated for your razr region . common regions are : latam ( latim america ' n canada ) - europe - asia - pshasia - me - china - korea - japan ( *
i think the easiest way would be to find a textarea where you can input big text , and then just take a screenshot and upload it to what the font . that is probably the easiest way .
the default font in android devices is called droid . i think droid sans might be what you are looking for .
if you are looking for the name of the font you have changed to , you can use the website what the font .
mobile data does not have anything to do with the gps . go to your settings , then go to location access under Personal , and then turn both " wifi and mobile network location " and " gps satellites " off . that should turn your gps on the phone completely off . you can also look in your settings to see if you can set up a toggle to quickly turn the gps , as well as many other services on or off just by swiping down from the top notification bar .
if all you did is download an . exe file , you have nothing to worry about . it is a program for windows , and it can not run on your android phone . just delete the file you downloaded to make sure no one copies it to a windows computer by accident . but if your router is infected by malware , do not use it at all . it can intercept and impersonate every website you use and visit . it can steal any login details you enter on websites and pretend to be you .
it might be due to a problem with the seating of the sd card in the slot . if you are sure it is firmly seated in the slot and the problem still exists , then your slot may be broken , per se . send it in for repair .
the problem you mentioned can be caused by the following : your micro usb port in the phone has some moisture . your micro usb port connection is loose . if it happens normally which is not your case , it can be caused if there is moisture on your screen or droplets of water . try testing if this happens while using the mobile with charger connected . if it does , it is definitely the micro usb issue .
1:you could try to use a different usb cable , as this will sometimes interfere with the hardware . 2:try connecting on a different usb post ; the individual port could be malfunctioning 3: have your phone already unlocked and turn off the screen sleep : go to > settings | then either > display settings > sleep > never turn off screen general settings > sleep > never turn off screen
i have htc desire too . i do not know what causes this problem , but i fixed it by mounting it on a windows computer and checking the filesystem on the card . i tried it on a mac first , but osx disk utility could not fix the problems it found .
i had the same problem with stock 2.1 rom . after the ota update to 2.2 , the problem vanished .
if you are looking for adb logcat output , it is not necessarily stored on a file in the android sdk directory . in order to access it , follow the following steps ( assuming you have the sdk installed correctly ) : 1: plug in your phone . 2: type adb devices in your terminal or cmd prompt if you get a result like " command not found " , you may need to navigate to the platform-tools/ directory inside the sdk folder using the cd [directory] command . if you get a " list of connected devices " result , but the list is empty , then you have a configuration error . you may need drivers for your phone , etc . . . 3: type adb logcat . the terminal/cmd prompt will begin to output logcat messages in real time . you can do what you want with the output , including save it to a file .
i used a wrong driver . h9000+ means you need zopo mtk6577 driver from http://zopomobile.cn
in my experience as a phone technician , that kind of issue is most often the battery . there will usually be a 0-2% drop after a bat pull because of the required power for boot up . does the battery have any sort of swelling to it ? if so then it is undoubtedly the battery .
please erase all data and the dalvik-cache ( if you have recovery ) . are you using the stock or custom rom ? this looks to me like a bug in the rom to do with nfc - this is the only reason the device would lock up like that . if you are using a custom rom , i suggest you contact the rom developer with the logs , if not , check for a software update . edit : the nfc service will only run if nfc is enabled - if you disable it , and then reboot , it should no longer be active . if it is you can kill it via Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running .
you can not do it with the same google account that is made to sync with other clients . only alternative is use a separate google a/c imo .
you could try to disable google people ( contacts ) sync application using storage/apps menu item and then disable contacts sync option for google account . after that you should be able to add contact which is marked as phone only - not synced . hope this helps . . .
go to settings→storage→apps scroll to google contacts sync open this app select disable you can now add contacts without the pop up saying it will sync with google . it will say phone-only unsynced contact . also when disabling google contacts sync , a warning will say " may affect other apps" ; click ok anyway . when done adding contacts go back to storage→apps , select disabled ( top right ) : google contacts sync will be there re-enabled , and your good to go .
i do not know sogo-connector and synthesis sync clients , but i am sure it is possible to select an account for synchronization . look for mylocalaccount in google play store . this allows to create a local account . once the app is installed nothing happened . even you will not find this app in your list . but now you are able to create an account which is a local one . you have to go to system settings -> accounts and create a new one . now you see a new account and you are also able to add contacts to this account . of course you have to configure your connector to add this account for sync operation . i am using myphoneexplorer to sync ( in combination with mylocalaccount ) all these things with success since almost 3 years . generally it does almost all i want to do . i can sync from different pc 's ( home and office ) . what i cannot do is to sync to different devices , for example to phone and to tablet with the same database on the pc . do you know , is this possible with your solution ?
a work around is to go via the phone dialler icon , click the three pips on the bottom right for options and select new contact . this will allow you to create a local contact , but no need to add the number here , just add the name . once your done , go back to your message , click the options button and select ' add people ' . it will allow you to add the number to an existing contact , so pick the contact you created a moment ago , selecting the device type . hope this helps .
the stock android keyboard does not have abc layout . however , there are some keyboard apps which have abc layout . slideit english - abc pack is an example . you can find some more if you search for " abc keyboard " on google play .
i published an alphabetical keyboard that is now available on google play and androidfreeware .net.
the stock , aosp android keyboard does not have the abc ' old fashioned ' keyboard layout , however some manufacturers package their own ime ( keyboard ) , that comes with this feature . some manufactures are lg , and sony ericsson that do this ( sony ericsson xperia devices do ) . afaik the stock samsung ime does not come with this option - however , you can download 3rd-party ime 's that have this layout format .
there is a keyboard available that is on the app store , it is designed for dyslexics who have difficulty in recognizing the letters , the problem with the qwerty layout is that dyslexics cannot " see " the letters and looking all over the keyboard for it , have a mate who suffers from it , and this was born out of the idea when i watched him struggle with the touch keyboard . this keyboard is actually from stock aosp gingerbread source , with letters re-arranged into abc layout . it is available here on play store . edit : disclosure , i am the person responsible for the aforementioned app .
unfortunately , as the comments state , there is currently no way to automate this - and i for one wish there was , as i find myself deleting loads of folders as well . you should do it manually - but methodically , and it starts to seem to take a lot less time , as you start to think about it . one thing to look out for is folders for game apps that you installed , as they may contain the downloaded game data - which can be quite large , which you may wish to keep incase you want to install and play the game again . like izzy mentioned , sd maid finds some of the orphan files for you - but not all .
there is a default aosp email . apk that is easy to setup with exchange--- i suppose you would have to be rooted in order to get the email . apk into your /system/app but you can get one from : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/latest_version/google_apps and http://goo.im/gapps/ but you do not necessarily have to be running cm-- just make sure the base version matches up to yours . most rooted roms come with a good exchange app--- if you prod around forum . xda-developers . com , you could probably find one that does not require root access to install .
the stock email cient is not working after i updated ics 4.1.2 cyanogenmod 10 . i am using nito desk touchdown and its very reliable .
im able to get samsung apps market app on my phone with no sim card it can etect country via wifi , works on galaxy s3
no , the samsung apps market will not start without a sim card , because the card is used to determine the country of the user . there is an app called " kies air " which allows you to connect your device to the kies app installed on your pc over wifi . but i doubt that you are able to upgrade the os this way . it is more meant for synchronization ( calendar , email , . . . ) use . imho you need a usb cable to update the sgs , either with kies or odin/heimdall .
there is probably no kies app for android , as @onik notes in the comments . i was mistaken probably when i thought that there is one .
technically , its possible . you can visualize it with play store scene : play store can silently install ( when you send signal from web interface ) and update apps without owner 's knowledge . mobile providers can also do this as long as their trojan app comes pre-installed with device . they can push and install an app to listen your voices . how to block it ? root your device and hunt down all apps from mobile providers which could do such nasty things . google can help . either remove them from system or block their access to internet using firewall ( there're many firewall apps in play store ) . flash a fresh new custom rom like cyanogenmod etc .
yes . carrieriq , smithlogger , htc logger , and a couple of other things are installed onto the device by the carriers . iphones are stuck with ciq , with nothing more than the mere delusion it is not there or that they can get rid of it when , in fact , they cannot however , you can get this , which is more helpful if you are rooted , but even without root privileges , it can point you to the opt-out screen for any logging service that may be on your phone . furthermore , all this news talk about malware on androids is crap . you have to install said " malware " - but the " malware " barely even exists . so long as you pay attention to what permissions each app you are installing has , you have no chance of anyone leveraging your phone to spy on you .
ahh , schneier on security , unvy gb gur xvat . :- ) tl ; dr it may be possible , no one can say for sure . and since no one knows if it is possible you can not block it , because you do not know what and therefore how to block . but first , let use investigate the statement step by step : note that the article is from 2006 . . . said mobile providers can . . . google is certainly able to do so , if you are using a google services enabled device ( usually the ones with " by google " on the back ) . but basically every hardware/software manufacturer , whose parts are placed within smartphone ( or traditional mobile phone ) , is able to install backdoors in his products , which could by used third parties to manipulate the device . either because they bought this access or because the manufacturer is forced to , for example by a ( secret ) government regulation . . . . " remotely install a piece of software on to any handset , . . that is possible and every time you install an app over the play store web interface you use this technique . . . without the owner 's knowledge , . . usually you will see visual feedback about the installation process , at least until it is running . but the notification about the new app stays in the notification bar . but no one can rule out that there is a silent install method too . . . which will activate the microphone even when its owner is not making a call . . . android apps are able to activiate the microphone if they have the permission to to so . but if the app came with a silent install method , who knows if the permission for the microphone was also silently given ? and now , how can i protect my privacy ? as soon as you buy a piece of hardware/software without having the ability to verify the hardware and software components for surveillance backdoors , you are lost . but there are alternatives . there have been attempts to create open source hardware and software for smartphones . therefore allowing you to review the components for unwanted modules . see for example opoenmoko .
to answer this question : is this possible one android phones and is there a way to block it ? recently , as far back as the start of this year , there was uproar over a small piece of software which was hidden in certain handsets , and was able to monitor everything - the infamous carrier-iq . a bit about the carrier-iq as quoted from wikipedia it provides diagnostic analysis of smartphones to the wireless industry . the company says that its software is deployed in over 150 million devices worldwide . thing is , no one really know for certain if they actually did , as the security world got " excited " about it and started to slam-back on the manufacturers - apple , htc , samsung , sony , to name but a few . and exposed the ruse behind it , all of a sudden that hype fed its way into the android world , and guess what happened - an app appeared on the google play store , carrier-iq detector . what i was emphasizing , is how the paranoia made its way into the norms of human emotions - yes , a lot of people were really mad and demanded to know - was there a breach of privacy ? by the way , if you look on the main carrier-iq site here , there is a ticker that states as of now , 147,918,175 handsets deployed . . . . ( ok , am not really sure if they are trolling us with that ticker but questionable as it was stated on the wikipedia that is " deployed in over 150million devices " heck it aint even there ! ! ! ) yes it is quite possible that there are back-doors available to do just that kind of thing , and is commonly associated with stock roms straight from the factory ! zte had one , and was reported a while ago and its publicly available on pastebin . for the sake of historical information , i will quote it here in case it gets lost . the zte score m is an android 2.3.4 ( gingerbread ) phone available in the united states on metropcs , made by chinese telecom zte corporation . there is a setuid-root application at /system/bin/sync_agent that serves no function besides providing a root shell backdoor on the device . just give the magic , hard-coded password to get a root shell : $ sync_agent ztex1609523 id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) nice backdoor , zte . it does show one thing and one thing alone , stock roms ! all too often people can be naive in thinking that just because its " stock rom " , it does its job . now , not to induce fear or paranoia into anyone , which i certainly would not wish to do so , it helps to have a cool collected thoughts about this . the dose of reality will hit home , once you realize how , custom roms have a better advantage over stock roms , they are compiled from source code and is publicly available , such as cyanogenmod , aosp , caf , aokp ; rest assured , you will be equally better off with those roms in the long term . why ? for the most part those custom roms would be rooted anyway , which will enable you as a user , to have a tight rein on the handset in the way you want it , not some fancy-schmancy stock skin on top of the rom , such as htc sense , samsung touchwiz , sony timescape etc . and if the developer of said rom is trusted to be good , i.e. good community feedback , then yes you would be pretty safe . what you can do to re-inforce the belief that a custom rom is better than stock any day is this , knowing that the rom is rooted , you can use droidwall/hi-surfing , or another type of firewall , to block access to those " sneaky " apps like that . that will put in a level of assurance , but having said that , its not about justifying why having a rooted rom in the first place , rather its , to empower yourself over the handset and use it in the way you want . if you do not like an app , uninstall it , if an app requires root - then so be it . it does make you think and ponder for a bit in why carriers would rather have you to be stuck with a stock rom , and a locked bootloader i.e. " rooting will void the warranty " , " unlock the bootloader - you are on your own " , but there is always two sides to the same coin , if anyone can get their hands on a handset , and unlock the bootloader , it will simply factory reset and wipe the data upon unlocking and reboot ! so you can see how , from a security viewpoint in what is going on and the decisions involved . i know , when i made a rom for zte blade , i was trusting that the source does not have any malicious code , well , it was coming from aosp source on google and yes , its rooted , and users feedback is good . there is a lot of thought in what was said , and yes , that kind of thing can be blocked - if you want to be really secure - block the following under droidwall here , download manager , downloads , drm protected content storage , media storage . google services framework , network location , google calendar sync , google contacts sync . and finally , block the linux kernel as well . with those criteria selected , you will most certainly not be able to download remotely nor sync either . also , pay attention to the permissions that is asked for by the app on google play store , be prudent and you will have nothing to fear .
i guess there must be a backdoor for this because i have read in a news article that it will be possible to upgrade ( officially ) the os on samsung galaxy without connecting it with a usb cable to another computer by means of a new " kies " app from samsung . so , it is possible for an app ( in this case , at least the kies app ) to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well-protected ( requiring cryptographic signatures from samsung perhaps -- just a guess ) . and the article told that one should install the " kies " app ( if it is not present ) through the " samsung apps " app . ( i have not tested this myself because i have been using the device without a sim-card , but the " samsung app " app wants a sim-card . . . ) so , it is possible to install an app that will be able to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well protected ( perhaps , only an app from samsung can do this ) .
use rom manager app . it can install roms from sd card . you can download your favorite roms using it , too . and , samsung galaxy s is officially supported by it .
( i have read it must be possible to flash an update stored as a file on the device in a recovery mode . ) indeed , " procedure b : ( does not require adb ) " from galaxy s i9000 howto section ( on forum . xda-developers ) must enable me to re-install the os without a usb cable on a non-rooted samsung galaxy s : copy the customrom/root file to the "/sdcard/" folder on the phone and ( if not already the case ) rename to " update . zip " restart in recovery mode by pressing an holding volumeup+home+power . wait for the recovery screen en select " apply : /sdcard/update . zip " wait for it to finish and reboot .
facebook does indeed update pretty often with random bug fixes as well as security , performance and stability updates . often this depends on the company as well as the urgency of the update . security updates tend to be urgent and are often shipped as quickly as the exploits are patched whilst minor bug fixes might be accumulated first and shipped as a larger update later on . automatic updates means less savvy users always have the latest version of the facebook app and the relevant bug fixes and security patches . if this bothers you , consider disabling automatic updates . edit this is the facebook changelog taken from changelog droid
i was surprised there was no official google app . i am using cloud print on my galaxy s3 .
sony has software on their android devices , called timescape ui , which does what you are looking for , unfortunately it is only for their phones . i have had a look around and can not find any alternatives . if you look in the market , timescape has a load of plugins - it is such a shame they do not open it up to the android community as a whole .
idk if wp8s have this feature , but is there a way to save your messages to the sim ? that is assuming you will be keeping the sim .
as the op found a solution , but missed to make it an answer , let me transfer it here : i solved my problem exporting sms to csv by nokia suite and then importing it to my device using sms tools - all in one application .
i had an issue connecting with esfe to a win7 pc . this did the trick for me : go to network adapter configuration -> tcp ip 4 settins -> wins -> enable netbios over tcp/ip . esfe is looking for netbios over tcp/ip because android probably does not natively run netbios protocol .
when you input the username , use host\shashi where host is the netbios of the windows machine you are trying to connect to : that is , the name that it is listed under after you scan for machines to connect to .
the only apps shown there are the ones using significant ( > =1% ) battery . if the app is not particularly resource intensive , it will not show up there .
how do you know it is not a driver problem ? you have tried different cables ? hopefully one that is confirmed to work with another phone . have you tried a different computer ? if its still dead to usb- then it sounds like a hardware issue with the phone , if you are under warranty then take it back !
i hear these symptoms quite a lot from the galaxy s : usb charging does work , but the galaxy s does not get recognized and no usb data connection ( mass storage , debug , etc . ) is established . this seems like a hardware design flaw , which hopefully got fixed with newer models . i think you should return your phone and have it repaired .
maybe this will help you thanks , to my samsung galaxy 3 ( gt-i5801 ) is not being detected in my pc -- what should i do ? : unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the following number : *#7284# once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . plug the usb cable .
turns out my center pins ( 2 and 3 ) on my galaxy s were dirty . try cleaning the port ( or plugging in the cable many , many times ) see this question for the description of the pins micro usb cables that only charge but no data , no mounting etc ( samsung galaxy s )
note : techicnally you probably couled use a fat32 partition but i have had issues on several devices . for Link2SD you need 2 partitions : 1 ) fat32 this is your file storage , photos , media etc . 2 ) ext3 ( or ext2 or ext4 , but 3 has always worked for me ) partition . this is the part this will be recognised as new ' internal memory ' . there is a full tutorial on xda here and the keypoints are : next , create an ext2/ext3/ext4 partition ( i suggest ext2 cause it works on all roms and kernels ) . this is where your apps will go . i suggest a value of 512mb would be big enough . personally i use 1024 mb . open link2sd . you will be prompted to choose between ext2 , ext3 , ext4 and fat32 . select the one you used . it will say mount script created . reboot your phone now go to Link2sd &gt; Settings &gt; Check the autolink ( to automatically move apps upon installation ) to check your memory , select “storage info” . this will show you the current state of your internal memory , fat32 , and ext# partition .
i had a similar issue right after the update . my situation was far worse . if i were to receive a call from ' specific ' contacts , the phone would crash ( com . android . phone module ) and i would not be able to answer it , let alone identify who was calling . the simple solution for this problem is to export all your contacts onto your internal sd card . transfer them over to your computer and import them by kies . ( this method solved my issue . maybe it will help you too . regards , sterex
yes , such apps are genuine . i am not familiar with kik , but assuming it is similar to way2sms , they gain advertising revenue from page views . kik mentions having over 120 million users and way2sms has 40 million+ users . for example for the 40 million users of way2sms , assuming that the advertising rate is $0.01 per 1000 page views ( i am not sure about the actual rates ) . and assuming an average of 10 page views per user per week . which gives 400 million page views a week . then the advertising earnings will be $4000 per week . ( the above is just an example , i am sure i made a lot of wrong assumptions ) so the way2sms business model is to buy messages from network operators and give these messages free to the users , and recoup the cost from advertising revenue gained from page views . i am assuming kik does somethig similar . a brief interview with the founder of way2sms can be found here . and another article here . edit : i did some reading up on kik , i did not find much but i think they use a freemium model where their app and basic services are free but they charge for some additional services . for example , they charge money for some stickers .
on the htc incredible i just searched for the particular app in the market , selected it and unchecked " allow automatic updating " from there . hopefully it works that way on your phone ( and others ) .
i just went to market | downloads and selected the app . the " allow automatic updates " checkbox is at the top of the page and checked , allowing me to uncheck it . i also have a motorola droid running 2.2 . is there a particular app with this behavior ? maybe it is a system app that requires automatic updating .
i just had this happen to me ( htc incredible , android 2.2 ) . an app updated automatically , i decided to turn auto updates off , and the checkbox was gone . happened with two happens , my tracks and maps , both from google . i found that if i pulled down the notifications panel and tapped on the " successfully updated " message for the app to make it go away , then returned to the market page for the app , the checkbox had reappeared and i could disable automatic updates . tapping the notification also starts the app , so it could be either removing the notification or opening the app once after the update that made the checkbox reappear .
i had the same problem and found this post . the check box finally came back after i force closed the market and reopened it . i think this is the primary reason it will not let you change the " automatic update " option . hope this helps : ) epsilon
pop off the back cover and make sure there is not a sticker or anything over the speaker or mic . you could try voodoo sound . it is a custom kernel for sgs devices but if you do not want to mess around with that you could just try the voodoo control app , it can do some improvements without the kernel . ( if you do use the kernel you really need the app as well . ) otherwise , i would assume it is a hardware problem and you should get a replacement .
i had the same issue this week . did the switching off of noise reduction and finally rebooted completely but still same problem . in desperation i stuck a pin in the tiny mic hole at the bottom of the phone and waggled it about . . . hey presto ! all sorted !
some sim cards have puk codes printed on the punch out cards that the sim card came from . t-mobile for example has puk code printed on the plastic punch out .
no you can not flash an international rom on your device . because your phone 's configuration is different than international version . details are given below : chipset : qualcomm msm8960 snapdragon ( at and t ) ----- nvidia tegra 3 ( international ) cpu : dual-core 1.5 ghz krait ( at and t ) ----- quad-core 1.5 ghz ( international ) gpu : adreno 225 ( at and t ) --------- ulp geforce ( international ) if you flash this , it may brick your phone . see this
basically your options are to find a rom to flash for that device and flash it . or find the apk that you removed and re-add it . you will probably need either a custom recovery , like clockworkmod , or you may be able to put the apk back on the device using adb from the android sdk . i am not sure what the custom rom state is for this device , so it may be easier to find the apk that you need . if you can not find the apk , but can find a custom rom , you could pull the apk from the rom package .
two things in advance for future actions : always make a backup first before fiddling around with system stuff ( does not hurt in other cases either ) . as you did this , you can simply restore this ( and do not need to read the following stuff -- which i still include for future readers with a similar problem ) before you go ahead and uninstall a system app , check for dependencies . you can do so by first freezing the app ( which makes in unavailable , but is easily revertible by un-freezing -- titanium backup includes this feature as well ) you did this , too -- so you should have noticed before . as you removed/uninstalled the app afterwards , the " frozen yog . . . ahem , stuff " is no longer available now to the current situation : as you made a backup with tb , you can simply restore it . if the described " endless loop " does not permit you to do so : there are some tools available permitting this from the recovery console ( check e.g. xda for aroma , which simply can be flashed from recovery and then is available from there ) if you still have the image.zip from your current rom , you can simply extract it to an empty folder , go to the system/apps subfolder , pick the corresponding .apk , and side-load it to your device . if you have a second similar device running the same rom ( maybe a friends device ) , you can use titanium backup to make a transportable backup ( .tbk ) of the app ( for most apps , in this special case better exclude its data ) , and use tb to restore this .tbk to your " broken device "
the transfer of energy in a lithium ion battery generates heat . the components in the phone generate heat . charging with gps will generate the most heat as the gps , cell radio and battery are all being used , while charging . anything you do while charging will cause the phone to get hotter than if it were running on battery alone . also , the heat while on battery will come from a few sources . first , the more power it is using ( gps , cpu intensive apps , large downloads , hotspot mode , high screen brightness , etc . ) , the more heat will be released from the battery . also the components themselves , like the cell radio and the cpu/gpu will generate heat . combine all these factors in different combinations , the device can heat up . also , there is a known radio bug that can cause it to heat up too . if the phone loses service , it goes to max power to reacquire signal . sometimes the phone does not drop to normal power after the signal is restored , causing the radio to operate at max power , generating heat and placing a large draw on the battery , again resulting in more heat . this will be evidenced by a linear decline in your battery and high heat after a loss of service . a simple reboot will solve this , though it can still happen again . and if you are concerned about the phone overheating , it will not . if the cpu gets too hot , it will just slow down the cpu until it cools down . if the battery gets too hot , it will shut off completely . you can turn it back on when it cools down . ( if it gets too hot while charging , the first thing it will do is reduce the charging current or shut it off completely , before shutting off . )
you can take screen shots with ddms and the android sdk . it is not hard to set up . see http://www.thefireblog.com/2011/11/16/houston-we-have-screenshots/: so , here’s a quick summary people : install the android sdk tools , then the platform-tools edit your adb_usb . ini file to add the 0×1949 vendor id at the end ensure that adb is running properly check that your device is online run ddms start taking your screenshots using the device > screen capture option .
i have not tested since i do not have my fire yet , but it can be rooted with superoneclick , which means you can probably take screenshots with an app like shootme or screenshot er 2 . i would think amazon would advertise it if it could take screenshots without root , so i would suspect non-root users to be out of luck . that said , shootme has been known to work on some unrooted phones . nobody knows why , but you could try it and hope :p
this might help : how to take a screenshot with an android phone ? basically android does not provide you a direct way to take a screenshot the way ios does . but android 4.0 ice cream sandwich will .
at adobe reader click on top part of screen , then you will see top toolbar . at toolbar you need 4 button from right corner of toolbar .
first , you should root your smartphone . then , use link2sdapp . then , move the app to the sd card .
this is what i did in android 4.1 and gmail : open gmail tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and select settings tap the account for which you do not want to get notifications uncheck the notifications option that should be all you need to do .
the pattern is not very safe , because you can simply do a data wipe in recovery . and you are in the phone . in addition the pattern can often seen in the screen , because you swipe everytime you unlock your phone this pattern .
at least on most phones you can just hold down the volume key/keys to get to the fastboot/recovery . from there one can easily get adb connection , even if you do not have usb debugging on , and access straight to the internal memory . from there it is even possible to root the phone to make it possible to edit internal files and disable the lock , like power-inside suggested . all this can be done in several minutes !
it is insecure depending on a few cases* . here 's a sample of an exploit that a hacker or an above average user can do ( with the adb tool and the phone connected to a pc ) :- exploit 2 * may only apply on rooted devices . ( not all adb commands require root though ) " usb debugging " should also be set prior to using the adb tool . but as eldarerathis said , some devices can also be rooted through the adb . in fact , a skilled hacker may also find loopholes for gaining access to the internal data . ( perhaps even find a way to utilize the adb without the usb debugging option ) the android pattern lock also has many glitches making it relatively unsecure . here 's an example . . while the exploits mentioned above and certain glitches may be fixed by google in the upcoming versions , a pattern lock remains a pattern lock . ie , it can be considered as a mere solid gateway to using the android 's user interface . a pattern lock does not encrypt the contents of a phone . it will not stop a hacker from playing around using the adb shell . he can view the internal memory of the phone etc using the adb tool which is freely provided in the android sdk also , the internal memory is pretty much compromised as there may be other ways to mount it or read it . all i can say for now is it would be better if you disable " usb debugging " unless you need it , as an added security measure .
you do not even need much technical know how to crack most touch screen phones . there was a white-paper written recently about the security of touch screen lock mechanisms ( and pattern locks in particular ) and breaking into these devices using purely the greasy smudges on the screen to get the unlock code . 8 conclusion in this paper we explored smudge attacks using residual oils on touch screen devices . we investigated the feasibility of capturing such smudges , focusing on its effect on the password pattern of android smartphones . using photographs taken under a variety of lighting and camera positions , we showed that in many situations full or partial pattern recovery is possible , even with smudge “noise” from simulated application usage or distortion caused by incidental clothing contact . we have also outlined how an attacker could use the information gained from a smudge attack to improve the likelihood of guessing a user’s patterns . . . . smudge attacks on smartphone touch screens ( pdf ) the rest of the paper is well worth a read too .
i have installed the custom rom using the instructions as mentioned in the link below : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2432476 thanks
flash with custom rom . important : backup imei and wifi mac address before flashing ( nvram folder ) . use a laptop with fully charged battery , same for device . you may need try different roms , do not worry if the first one did not work .
chrome 's tab switcher view is only available on phones , not tablets . this is by design , since phones do not have space for the tab bar that tablets have . the chrome documentation describes the differences between phones and tablets in how you work with tabs .
as i already wrote in my comment : a downgrade ( as well as an upgrade ) can be performed by flashing the corresponding rom ( for references , see other downgrade questions ) . to find a matching rom , please see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? . for the process of flashing , you might want to check with the rom-flashing tag , especially the questions dealing with the sgs2 .
you can downgrade to previous versions by flashing the correspondings roms . the downgrade is possible , only if the downgraded version is compatible with your device . honeycomb is designed for tablets . its not supported for smartphones . if samsung gs2 is your devices , then honeycomb is not supported , rather you can downgrade to pervious gb versions .
yes , you are talking about wake-on-lan . and as far as i know , the device to be awoken this way must be plugged-in via an ethernet cable ( how else ? when it is turned off , so is its wifi ) . as for the network : either both devices have to be in the same network , or you have port-forwarding enabled on the router connecting the different networks ( otherwise your target cannot be reached ) . now for the remaining part : how to use your android device to trigger this ? you were asking for tasker -- and yes , that should be possible . there is a locale wake on lan plugin ( and locale plugins do work with tasker . i cannot see that tasker natively supports nfc -- but there is e.g. a youtube video , so there must be a way -- hm , maybe this locale nfc plugin ? so now there should be everything complete , and you can start testing : )
i finally got it working . i did a factory reset on my device , then logged in to my google account and then installed my applications from the android market on the device . then when i did another factory reset and logged in to my account again , my applications were restored . previously i installed applications through the android market in the browser (market.android.com) and they got sent to my device . maybe those ones cannot be restored ? i do not know for sure .
if you go menu -> settings -> privacy there are two options . they are back up my data and auto restore . are they both checked ?
you seem to have the correct options selected , though it can take awhile after you sign into the market . try appbrain with fast the fast web installer companion app , its always been a great alternative access to the market . it produces separate lists for each device you use and it looks like you can restore apps based on whatever list you select . alternatively , you can not go wrong with titainium backup if you are prepared to root your phone . not much it can not do .
with the stock keyboards , no . some 3rd party keyboards may allow this , but i do not know any . there are some keyboards that have additional options too .
that is not supported , but there are some workarounds : you could change language to something unused , before pressing space , and switching back afterwards . or you may enter two spaces and place the cursor in between , and then type the word . i really like swype , but that is one of its drawbacks . . .
the folder you are seeing is the internal sd one . just put your update . zip file there and search for it , it might be hidden in the scroll , just go down and it will show more files in the folder . to make the process a lot more easy , just rename your * . zip to update . zip , but the file in the root of the internal sd card folder and use the install update . zip from internal sd method .
i have a samsung note and the power saving will lock the max cpu to 1ghz ( the cpu is meant to run a 1.6 ) in your phone would be somenthing similar
not sure this helps you 100% as i have never done this on the nexus s but i did it on the htc desire , which the manufacturer gave a laughably small area for user installed apps . i follows this tutorial : http://alpharev.nl/ basically you are using fastboot to put a new hboot down . i suggest googling for more info about these ; whether there is an existing one close enough to your requirements , or if it is easy to create them yourself .
this might be some compatibility issue -- despite the fact that it seemed to work fine initially . it is not the first time i read such in connection with a class-10 card . i would recommend to get yourself a class-6 ( good enough and fast enough -- only in rare cases you would really note any difference ) , maybe preferably from a different brand than the current class-10 , and give that a try . chances are very good your trouble will disappear this way .
you might have an app that is adding spurious records to your calling list . do you have any " alternative phone " application ( i had problems with an app called amivox ) . i created a small app to fix the problem for me , the code is linked below . edit : the app source code : https://github.com/gardarh/android-callogfixer ( removed link to binary )
well , i guess this is the answer : how to go back to a stock android rom on samsung galaxy s2 ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj1flxev1lc ) .
i have a nas that uses standard windows shares ( smb ) and i use the image transfer app to push all my new pictures and videos to my server over wireless ( it is a paid app but very cheap and in my opinion worth the small fee ) . also see this previous question : app to sync photos to a network drive over wifi ? which has a few alternatives and where image transfer came top . my device comes with a web-page interface , which is how i do most viewing of pictures , files etc
es file explorer has the ability to connect to any shared folder using smb , i’ll recommend you to give a try . if what you want is the possibility to copy files manually from/to your nas server from/to the phone , this is a perfect solution , it’s free , easy to configure and super easy to use . if what you want is an automatic sync of some phone folders to your nas shared sources , then you are searching for something else .
also had a problem with an htc thunderbolt constantly crashing . it sounds like your messages are gone , but for future reference , the best solution i have found is sms backup + . this app will keep a copy of your sms and mms messages synced to your gmail account and/or backed up to an sd card .
i do not hold out much hope that the . db file was not overwritten , but i recommend mounting the phone storage to a pc ( preferably linux as mac will write immediately and windows might also ) to attempt recovery . i do not know what tool to use offhand but search results look promising http://www.google.com/q=linux+file+recovery
i use mcafee wavesecure . . . when i charge up my phone at night , it backs up my sms and contacts . i can also lock down my phone and make an alarm go off if i can not find my phone from anywhere on the web . it is free to download and i highly recommend it .
i ended up manually changing my dns server to tether internet from my mobile phone . my phone uses a local dns server from my mobile carrier which i was able to trace using compruebaip . any other dns server is blocked by my mobile carrier ( globe telecom ) . i reckon that my phone 's dns service is not properly working . when tethering , the dns provider should be my phone which serves as proxy when connecting to my mobile carrier 's dns servers . thus , i had to set them manually on my laptop . i am using windows 8 and my phone is an android gingerbread 2.3 . so basically , the problems are : my mobile carrier is bad . they are blocking other dns servers and are monopolizing dns requests . this is not good because their servers are not that good . my phone 's dns service appears to be broken . this means my laptop could not connect to the dns service of my mobile phone which then forwards dns requests to my mobile carrier 's dns service . fortunately , after two months of despair , i was able to resolve this . this is what i did : find out what the actual dns servers are my mobile carrier is using through compruebaip . manually set my laptop 's dns servers to the one used by my mobile carrier . even better , i retained google 's public dns server 8.8.8.8 as my primary dns server and used my mobile carrier 's primary dns server as my alternate dns server . so , now , i can use my mobile phone as my internet provider for my laptop whenever i am not at home or at work without having to change anything every time i use it .
i do not particularly want to have to delete my entire message conversation with that person just to get rid of an error message ; if anyone knows another way to get rid of the ' failed ' i would appreciate that too . you do not , you just have to delete the message that is failing . long press it , choose " delete " . how do i start a new conversation with someone on the same number ? how do you expect your phone to understand what messages belong in which category ? the only way i see this working is if there is a function to put " all messages from now on " in a separate conversation , but that is not a feature that exists in the standard sms application , and not in any app that i know of . dividing your past messages with a contact in two parts makes no sense , it would be even harder to find a message then if you can not remember what " conversation " you have put it in . not only would you have to scroll back to see it , you would also have to pick the right category . surely it is easier to sort the messages on a by-contact basis and just scroll .
if really damaged - only by re-soldering broken components by new components . but how ? usb polarity is declared in standard , cable is impossible to insert at wrong position without break of connector .
afwall+ author here . it should work on cm 7 . x ( i am using it ) . if you have issues please send me logs from menu-> firewall rules-> send error report i will look into it .
no , since it is factory unlocked , nothing will ever relock your phone .
back in the days of the zte blade there was a rom that [ sim ] unlocked the handset , flashing another rom would remove that unlock , but like @shywim says if it is factory unlocked it is unlikely that flashing another rom will lock it and like @izzy says it is also unlikely to happen in a custom rom
auto-fit is supposed to force the text to wrap based on the size of your screen when you zoom in on a web page . i think . as long as i am connecting the right term with the right action , it has limits . for instance , the page width does not actually change , and images and side bars will not change position , shape , or size . basically it is designed to keep you from scrolling sideways to read the text of an article .
i have a best and easy solution for the above problem that first go to file manager > settings> show hidden files> than rename the folder . nomedia to . adc then restart your phone and remove the sd card card directly without unmount if then re insert it to the phone during switch on and watch by default it scan sd card and show media in gallery and music checkout this and if it doesnot work than delete the folder . nomedia and do the step of remove and insert sd card again then open gallery ok
why are there any apps starting when the drive is attached ? first you need some background information what is going on there . many things on android are " event-based " . that is , when " something " happens , the system issues a " broadcast " saying so . some well-known and easy-to-understand events include boot completed storage ( un ) mounted ( usually sdcard removed/inserted , or some external drive ) battery low network changed apps can register " listeners " for specific broadcast-events ( intents ) , so they get started/awakened/informed then . again some examples : media-scanner wants to know when a new storage " entity " got attached , to check for music/pictures/videos to insert into its internal database location service wants to know about network changes : if there is a new network , it might be interesting to determine the current location several apps ( far too many ) want to start at boot so obviously , your archive app has registered a listener for the storage broadcast , and similarly your app . how to get rid of that ? for your own app , you could adjust its code correspondingly . but that is no task for us here , but if needed , you can discuss that at our sister-site stackoverflow.com. for all other apps ( the following is applicable to other combinations as well ) , you will need your device to be rooted ( details can be found in the rooting tag-wiki ) . then go to the playstore and get yourself an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , for the following you will need the pro if you decide for this app . i chose it nevertheless , as it turned out to be the best in my tests a while ago ) : autorun manager ( click image to enlarge ) as you can see in the screenshot , autorun manager permits you to disable each listener an app may have registered separately . and their names are ( in most cases ) quite descriptive . so use arm , go into its " advanced mode " , look up the archive app , and check what listeners it has registered . disable the one sounding reasonable -- and your issue should be solved . you can change that anytime you want . whenever the modified app is updated , you will have to do that again . you also can simply revert all changes with two taps , as arm has a specific " restore " feature for that . ps : as you have tagged your question auto-start , you could have hovered your mouse over that tag , and select the " info " link . this will bring you to the tag wiki , where you can find most of what i just wrote ( and maybe even some additional information ) -- so i recommend reading that as well . furthermore , take it as hint for the future : many of our tag-wikis contain first-aid . and in many cases that might already be enough to solve an issue : )
i am not sure if the following will be a perfect match for you , but you always can adjust it once you have got the idea . in my example , i will refer to tasker only : not having worked with the secure settings myself , i can only tell things about it from the hear-say and what i have read . basic tasker knowledge assumed : conditions : State &rarr ; Wifi Connected , parameter : SSID set to your wifi 's ssid State &rarr ; Display is off task : Display &rarr ; Keyguard off 1 this is with plain tasker , and should solve half of your problem : when connected to the specified wifi , and the display is turned off , turn off keyguard . as soon as you turn on the display , the condition is no longer met -- and keyguard would automatically be activated again . problem will be : if you do not take any immediate action , that probably locks your screen again ( first action of keyguard ) . to prevent this , you could try adding an exit task : exit task : Tasker &rarr ; Wait , parameter is the time interval ( start with e.g. 10s ) Display &rarr ; Keyguard on 1 this would cause the keyguard re-activation to be delayed by the given time interval . i did not try this -- it might very well be that keyguard still would lock the device , even though you already might do something in another app . but you have already noted the " footnote sign " , so let 's go for that : 1 instead of handling keyguard directly , let secure settings do that . i know it has the ability to e.g. have keyguard only come up once ( initially ) when a condition is met . this would simplify things greatly : the task then would be Plugin &rarr ; Secure Settings , and the secure settings parameter should be to set keyguard as described : " only needed once initially , then no more until the condition is no longer met " . also drop the " display off " condition : when the display is off , you cannot unlock it either ( you see where your problem most likely was ) . so it should work as you have intended -- after the first unlock . not exactly what you wanted ( one-time unlock is still needed ) , but almost . the exit task would not be required in this case , as tasker automatically reverts back once the condition is no longer met . play a little with this , maybe secure setting even allows for something better .
notification light turns only when there is a notification for say facebook or gmail etc not for charging and all . there is no option of turning on the notification light at the time of charging in stock so if you need it then you can use light flow it allows to put custom led color at different events .
try something like this . its an app that has sorted that sort of problem for alot of people . hope that does the trick .
asssuming you mean adobe photoshop express it is set by default to only show you camera pictures . you should be able to change a setting to make it look at the rest of your phone 's storage . open photoshop express , press menu ( on ics press the ... in the corner of the screen ) , select more and then settings and scroll down to near the bottom where you should see the option show camera photos only in phone view , take the tick out of the box and press back to get back to the main photoshop express window where you should already see it filling up with all the pictures it can find .
if your phone is rooted and got clockworkmod installed , then try formatting and creating an ext partition in clockworkmod . its the most simplest and easiest way to do it . it will automatically take care of your fat partition too . for more info , read this article
minitool partition magic did not work for me . instead , i formatted and partitioned the card directly through adb in cwm recovery using this guide on xda-developers forums . am using link2sd ( similar to app2sd ) fine now on cm 11 kitkat 4.4.2
i had the same problem . use minitool partition magic and set your card partition to primary partition . apply changes and that is it .
it is possible to create default event reminds by accessing your calender through the google calendar website . access your settings wrench icon > setting access your calendar 's specific settings calendars tab > click on your calendar add a default reminder notifications tab > add a reminder most mobile devices with calendar applications support pop-up reminders and may chime and show a an alert to notify you of the event . i prefer this method so that i can specify a special sound for calendar notifications vs normal emails , but this is where you would create an email notification . it seems you want to remove the pop-up notifications , and add an email notification . you can create a new calendar and adjust it is notifications if you do not want to receive an email for every event/only want email notifications for specific events .
go calendar tap the event you want to add a reminder for ( or create a new event ) tap add reminder to the right of the time drop down you should see notification as a drop down tap this . select email tried on android 4.1 , google nexus 5 . hope this is what you are looking for .
if you have got a replacement app , you could utilize tasker for that : condition : docked task : start app [ your-replacement-app-here ] on the next docking , you would be asked for the app to perform this action with . decide for " tasker " and see if it works as expected . if it does , make it the default next time . as alternate app you could e.g. use desk clock plus , which might even support this without the help of tasker .
as far i as i know this feature is available on stock rom given by the manufacturer . may be someone might consider this and do a work around to fix this issue on cyanogenmod rom . even this key does not work with other soft keyboard applications .
yes , connectbot supports pubkey authentication and tunnels .
when you come out of the app pressing home button , it is state is stored . so no matter how many messages you get , you still go the previous message you were looking at , if you press messaging app . . . to prevent this , when you get a new message open notifications instead of messaging app . . this makes app refresh it is previous state to the current one . .
i believe most of the chinese tablet can do that . there is no negative effect but it might overheat .
if you had adb debugging enabled , there is an easy way to do this using the sdk . all you have to do is connect the device to the computer while it is booting , and type : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system rm -rvf /system/libskia.so mv /system/libskia.so-back /system/libskia.so  to get the adb binary you will have to download the android sdk , or google ' android mini sdk ' . if you did not have usb debugging enabled , then the only thing you can do is flash a new rom . you would have to install cwm recovery , and find a rom for your device . if your device has fastboot you can easily flash a recovery file that has been made for your device by using the fastboot flash recovery &lt;recovery .img file path&gt; .
these codes are just samsung 's own version codes , and as far as i know , they have no logic , except that they increase alphabetically and numerically with each new release . you will have to either install and check the version they correspond to , or search for news of new firmware releases for your device to see what they upgrade . as for the pda/phone/csc , pda is the os itself , phone means the radio firmware ( gsm/cdma/umts/lte radio chip ) and csc stands for country specific customization ( or carrier specific customization ) , which provides regional customizations such as carrier apns , available languages etc .
in fact the charging time depends on two points : the output current of the adapter or the usb . the output current of the pc is only 0.5a , it may charge slowly than most of the ac adapters ( most of the ac adapters are 1a or more ) . the input current and the charging convert rate of the phone . different phones have different input current due to limited current protection for them . for example , the limites current for nokia is 0.5a , the input current is only 0.5a even you use an ac adapter with 1.0a output . beside , the charging convert rate is also different according to the models .
to charge at the maximum rate , the charger must identify itself as a charging device by shorting two middle usb pins . this is in the usb specification . proper chargers come like this . other chargers can be modified to short the pins together . i have personally modded a griffin usb car charger in this manner . before the change , it would charge in " usb " mode . after soldering together the two pins , the phone charges in " ac " mode . one caveat : i have not done any tests to see if this changes the charging rate , but it certainly charges quickly after the mod . everything i have read about this phone says that it will only pull 500 ma in " usb " mode . references : wikipedia entry regarding usb charging spec . look for the words " dedicated charging port . " amazon user review with instructions for modding a certain car charger .
i had this issue with my old g1 . the only resolution i was able to find was to do a factory reset on the phone and re-enter the google id with the @gmail . com extension , as os version i was running does not have the ability to remove your google account . newer os versions do seem to have the ability to remove your google account from the phone and re-enter it with the new extension as i have been able to do this on froyo at least .
when i go into accessibility on my froyo galaxy s i get this : no accessibility applications found you do not have any accessibility applications . you can download a screen reader from android market . click ok to install screen reader clicking ok takes me to the market search page for the talkback app . specifically the market has been searched for pname:com.google.android.marvin.talkback
you probably need talkback .
*its probably talking about either talkback , soundback , or kickback . ( talkback being when you divert to home it with articulate " home" ; soundback producing a ping ; kickback producing a vibration ) but i would make sure to double think which one you prefer or really need being that you will not be able to uninstall once downloaded . once downloaded it should give you an option . *
the easy way is to go to your wifi settings , and hit Menu &gt; Advanced . it'll show up there , or you can set it to a static ip if you want . the cool way is to dial *#*#4636#*#* to open the testing menu . then click wifi information , then wifi status .
the easiest way is using a tool like e.g. os monitor , which shows you ( amongst others ) also a lot of network details : os monitor showing network interface details ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge ) as the screenshot shows , this app reveals for each network interface : interface name¹ ipv4 ip address assigned ( if 0.0.0.0 , this interface is currently unused ) ipv6 address ( if available ) mac address packet statistics ( i.e. . transfered data ) a status ¹ interface names might be handled differently on different devices . but in most cases you can tell from the ip where it belongs to . furthermore , rmnet is mostly used for gprs ( mobile data ) , while wifi uses names like tiwlan or eth .
i like netgenie lite for all sorts of networking info .
the ip address widget displays a small widget on your home screen with your ip address . i have been using if for a couple of weeks .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
the window manager you saw is part of samsung android 4 . x o.s. and only works on samsung tablets . there are lots and lots of differences between samsung android and google android . i did a quick comparison for the galaxy s3 smartphone : here
apps can obtain higher privileges . for example 3g watchdog ( a data usage monitoring app ) requests users for higher privileges so that it cannot be killed . it may be the same case with adw launcher .
you need a device with both internal and external memory . if your device have two different mounting points , then you have internal memory . one is for your ( now damaged ) sd slot , and the other is for the internal memory . folder names shoul be /mnt/sdcard and /mnt/extsd ( actual names may vary depending on the device ) . you have two options : change the default storage for your pics . on android 4.0 , open your camera app , click on the " options " icon , there are 3 options , exposure / balance / settings , the first setting is " local storage " , turn it on use a new camera app with options on where to save the photos you take . i love camera360 because of its amazing filters , and you can shoose where to save the photos
another potential solution is to go external . . . there was recently a successful social funding campaign for microsd card readers that connect to the microusb port of android phones . http://www.meenova.com/
reinstall cm with minimal gapps , your /system folder is most probably full due to gapps-kk taking up too much space . http://goo.im/devs/banks/gapps/4.4.3
look i use utorrent and yes this may occur sometimes . so what i do is that i only download huge files from utorrent if available as it is usual work was to transfer big files . by downloading big files from utorrent , the app does not get full access because what utorrent does is that it first downloads the file and then after downloading it does the multiple writing . so what you can do to stop this is just wait for the download to start and after 5 seconds of starting pause the download . now to start it again choose ' force start ' . now after the download is complete , pause the download . this would not let utorrent fetch extra information for the server . and there you have it . hope it works . if not then let me know what problems you encountered . a positive vote is always appreciated :d
ok the gps started working again . i let the phone drain out of battery , then put a charger and let the sony logo show till the charge gets around 80% ( just left it for 20-30 minutes on charge ) . then i removed the charger and hard reset the device ( hold power and volume up key for few seconds ) . the device will shutdown and then restart it normally . google will ask if you had want to permit google to collect anonymous location data . press allow and check gps by opening google maps app , it is working :- ) ps : dunno what worked here ( probably the hard reset step ) , but i put all the steps just in case .
if it does not work out of the box , which is the case with many android phones , then you have a few different options : a launcher replacement which adds this feature ( may not work with all roms ) a custom rom like cyanogen mod , which has this feature built in . you can read more about custom roms here wait for an official update which adds this feature . ( may never happen )
yes , it is possible . some devices even have an official ( branded ) adaptor for doing this , such as the asus transformer tf-101 . as you surmise , though , if the tablet does not support it , external convertors are quite unwieldy and typically need their own power supply , as they typically have to buffer a whole frame at a time in order to work . newer data projectors support hdmi or even mhl input , which allows you to use any tablet or phone with micro-hdmi or mhl output , with the appropriate cable . using either method , the presentations do not have to be of what is on your screen . android 4.1 and up provide a way for apps to send different visuals to the external display from the built-in screen , so ( for example ) presentation apps can show your slide on the big screen and notes and controls on the tablet itself .
yzfr1 's answer helped ! when i installed htc sync there was only adb.exe but no fastboot.exe , using adb.exe and fastboot.exe from the sdk and putting them in htc sync 's directory solved the problem .
found a solution myself . the problem was that the adb and fastboot tools in the htc sync program did not work . i solved it by downloading the android sdk , installing platform-tools , removing htc sync from the path variable and adding the platform-tools directory in its place .
okay , somehow or the other , i got it to work using tips gleaned from various links from googling ' brand new galaxy nexus not booting ' . i have not figured out the issue , but i had the phone plugged in without the battery and inserting the battery then showed me battery charging image on the phone for the first time , but it quickly died out and i could not start the phone . after subtly pressuring the battery randomly , i got the charging screen back and switched it on . some of the posts in the aforementioned googling suggested there might be slight defects in the chinese-made galaxy nexuses ( apparently it was made in both korea and china ) , and mine is made in china . it might have to do with the battery not getting placed just right . i suggest to anyone facing similar issues to try to see if there is any effect with inserting the battery with the phone plugged in as i did in my case .
the svc app ( pro version ) will automatically resume recording your video and save them in a chain of files . so you can leave it unmonitored and as recording reaches max file size it will continue recording into a second or third . . . file until you max your storage . this is the workaround that i have found myself using .
i emailed google about this here is the response i got : " thank you for contacting google . i appreciate your patience with me as i look into this issue . it seems as though the limit placed on the video data file of 2gb is written into the android operating system . this is in effect on all types of android devices . i have researched a few video control apps , they follow the same rule and stop at 1.9-2gb . at this time i do not believe there is a work around for this issue . i do not have software update information available either . some of the research i have done points to a possible legislative law that limits the video recording time of mobile devices as it takes away from video recorders . "
the string "3.0.8+ root@ubuntu #412" is the kernel version of your android . it does not mean your device is running ubuntu , though : it is not unusual that the kernel version includes the name of the machine it was compiled on . so it just tells you what the dev of your custom rom uses for development .
it sounds like no one has cracked the latest version of your firmware to allow for root access so you will have to downgrade to an earlier version of your stock rom . you may have already seen all this in your travels but if not , it may help . warning , this is by no means a definitive guide , but it is my best shot : downgrade your firmware : here is an old guide on how to downgrade , but it still should be relevant . here are old roms for your phone . root : this guide over at xda is pretty comprehensive . it was last updated in august , but it looks like it was edited just two weeks ago so it should still be good info . i would read through the thread and to see how it is been working for people . there may actually be more relevant instructions later on in the thread . again , i have no idea if this will work , so proceed at your own risk .
it could be because of a few reasons : the app is a paid app and your country does not support purchasing paid apps ( i do not know if india can or not yet ? ) your phone does not meet the min sdk requirements of the app . for instance , the app may require 2.1+ features , but your phone is running android 1.5 or 1.6 your phone is missing a feature that the app requires in order to use it ( things like sd cards , trackballs , etc . ) the app is carrier limited ( skype was an example of this ) market bug . occasionally there are listing problems in the market , especially if an app was recently updated
it happens the same to me . . . and for such popular apps as weatherbug , which is supposed to work with " all android versions " , according to them . i am running ecclair ( 2.1 update 1 ) of the same device ( xperia x10 mini ) . i could not find the wordreference app either , which i do not think requires too many features . so , according to bryan 's answer , and for these specific cases , i would point to . . . your phone is missing a feature that the app requires in order to use it ( things like sd cards , trackballs , etc . ) market bug . occasionally there are listing problems in the market , especially if an app was recently updated but , what can of special feaure can require a dictionary ? could it be becuase of the littlescreen size ?
pl check your gmail account with which you logged into market site is the same primary gamil account on your phone . the second reason that your phone does not support the listed apps . but i am using xperia mini pro . i have those apps installed on my phone .
there is this tool called RSD Lite , which is ( afaik ) an internal tool from motorola to flash their phones . you should be able to find it around the googles . and here you should be able to pick up a stock firmware for the defy . this method worked for my moto cliq xt , but do not let this be a guarantee for your defy !
when you create a new avd ( android virtual device ) . under hardware , click new : from the drop down list of property , select device ram size . click ok . you can now put a value beside of device ram size of how big you want it to be . note : you have to create a new avd . you can not edit them as far as i know .
who is the manufacturer of your phone ? if the phone comes with android per-installed and its a licensed one from google , play store should be installed and working in it . in that case , you should contact customer care and get your phone flashed with the stock rom .
if you do not mind having to completely re-configure it , and start as if you had just installed that app : go to settings → apps scroll to the app in question , tap it select to " delete cache " and " delete data " now you have completely " refreshed " it . with some luck , the app somehow offers to export its configuration ; if so , do that first , and re-import the settings after above described " reset " to save you from manually reconfiguring it .
it wants to be device admin in security . unstick the device admin and use a separate app like owa for exchange mail
i am sorry to tell you that android 's email forwarding function is broekn at least since 2009 . google is closing all bugreports and ignoring thisn problem . this kind of problem is easy to hide so those who do not an android device will not know about it . and since fixing it will not bring in any money . . . there is no need to fix it .
i do not think that base android supports avrcp beyond version 1.0 . a lot of the community created roms have added support for the other levels into their custom systems . however the stock version does not have it .
the system images system.img are located in the android sdk install directory under system-images/android-&lt;platform-version&gt;/&lt;platform-type&gt; . once you create the avd , in the %USERPROFILE%/.android/avd/&lt;AVD_NAME&gt;.avd you will find the img files for /sdcard/ and /data/ , but /system and such are loaded from the sdk path mentioned above . in order to create an avd you must install the system images from the sdk manager .
the samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0 does not support any form of video out . the necessary hardware was not included in the design for cost-cutting reasons . only the 10.1 has mhl capability . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37032295postcount=110
this is not very elegant . . . open the android contacts app menu --> display options --> choose contacts to display under each account , expand the list , make a note somewhere of what was checked , and then uncheck everything tap done . you should now be left with phone-only contacts menu --> import/export --> share visible contacts you will see some options for sharing a vcard file ( . vcf ) . you could email it to yourself , upload it to google docs ( if you have the google docs app installed ) , etc . once you have confirmed you have shared the vcard file , unless you are feeling extra brave , do a quick backup of your contacts to your sd card : menu --> import/export --> export to sd card delete all the local contacts from your phone ( long-press --> delete contact ) import the contacts you shared in step 6 ( not the ones you backed up to your sd card in step 7 , which will include all of your contacts ) to open-xchange using the instructions on page 193 in the open-xchange user guide . more languages available here : http://oxpedia.org/index.php?title=main_page_ce#documentation back in the contacts app , go to menu --> display options --> choose contacts to display under each account , expand the list and recheck everything you unchecked earlier tap done . all your synced contacts should be visible again , including the ones you just exported ( the next time your phone does a sync )
your device is not listed in the list of supported notebooks , so it is not surprising that it does not work . you will have to wait until it is supported . remember that the android-x86 project is made by volunteers , so support for particular hardware depends on someone with the necessary skills having that hardware and an interest in making it work . you might be able to help speed the process along by buying a similar device for the project ( that they can test on ) , or by helping to update documentation or such to help free their time for porting . if you want to help get your device supported faster , in the first instance you should contact their discussion group and ask what you can do to help .
hmm i was searching a little 1 . find drivers for linux for this card ( test on linux does it works properly ) 2 . android x86 have different location of resource folder ( additional drivers ) 3 . find on androidx86 where exactly you have to copy driver 's 4 . start new installation of android kitkat 4.4.2 x86 version with drivers included in specific folder 5 . a - if works : ) b - if not you should be able to see on screen when boot first time after installation where it stops ( drop print screen here on forum ) 6 . if you wont see anything try debug mode and then drop prsc here i think that is all i can advise in this topic
for my laptop only solution was change in bios settings becaouse i have radeon and intel vga https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/android-kitkat/-aupm37elem
wrong wrong wrong it is not about he is laptop " is not supported " kitkat have issue with radeon graphic cards there is small solution for that you have to change destination library for source to start graphic acceleration i have lenovo t400 with radeon it run only in debug mode 2 and most important it start only with selected debug nomodeset kitkat start with 860 x resolution . i try to edit almost all possible graphic ( important kitkat support only 16 bit color ) so even if you will be able start os you will not have graphic acceleration . i saw one solution when i will test it and it will work i will drop info here , sorry for all typo and mistakes ( english is not my native language ) ps . on samsung laptop 3530 intel 3000 vga - installation and setup took few minutes no problems at all ( radeon usually older cards have that problem ) if anyone will have 100 % tested solution please give me a shout good luck everyone almost forgot using kitkat 4.4.2 and this works for me https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!topic/android-kitkat/-aupm37elem
the rumored google babel may be the solution you are looking for . hopefully it will be announced/released before or at google i/o .
google talk does not have any of those features . it is meant as a complement to gmail , and it is intended that if you want to send files or persistent things to your chat partner , you had email them . if you want a chat system that has all the features of whatsapp , why not just use whatsapp ?
i found out that it was my lock button , i put on my otterbox then banged my lock button against my table fairly hard , but if you do not have a good case i do not recommend that because it would probably crack your phone . use your wrist
some instructions say hold volume down + power 5 seconds to open the boot menu . on a chacha with software version 1.57.161.3 opens the boot menu immediately ; i just hold volume down and get the boot menu within a second . booting works differently depending on which android and rom version you have . open settings , about this phone , software and add in your question which version you have . on another chacha with software version 1.54.401.3 i get re reaction at all with holding volume down , but maybe the button is physically broken . update : so 2.3.3 , and presumably original rom installed ? htc did release updates from android 2.3.3 to 2.3.5 -- see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_chacha which phones got that update was supposedly carrier-specific . i have seen mixed info on forums and official . on 12th june 2014 i tried ( manually ) to access the update servers listed in the chacha device props files ( the ones used for ota = over the air/half-automatic updates ) , and it is possible that ota no longer works for chacha . ( i have seen the facebook button start making trouble , and that slows down the phone to almost unusable levels -- and then it needs either repair or if you install a rom that ignores the facebook share button . )
not with the original android market , as there is currently no option that would allow an developer to specify the app as tegra ( required|optional ) in the app 's manifest . maybe some alternative markets provide this search filter . but i am not aware of one that does it . off-topic : if you want to know which apps ( mostly games ) are compatible with your tegra device , check out nvidia tegra zone .
the following is the way i enable additional spell checkers on my galaxy nexus which runs on vanilla android 4.3 , i hope it will be the same for your moto g : open your app drawer and go to settings > language and input scroll down to keyboard and input methods section : if your google keyboard is enabled , tap its settings button , if not , enable it first . on google keyboard settings screen , tap input languages on input languages screen , scroll down and enable polish . then tap back . you should be on google keyboard settings screen again : scroll down to text correction section and tap add-on dictionaries . on add-on dictionaries screen , scroll down and tap polski ( which it should say it is available ) . now it should appear a button to install this dictionary : tap it and wait until it is installed . now , the install button will be replaced for a delete button , and the dictionary status will say installed . exit settings screens . now you can use the polish spell checker in the phone . just toggle the language by tapping the globe key to the left of spacebar in google keyboard until it says polski and you will be ready to use it .
if you go into the settings of the stock mms app , there is a setting to have the enter key instead of the smiley key
i have a custom ( baked ) jelly bean 4.2.2 rom on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers !
ok , so after looking into this a bit more i managed to get somewhere . i pulled the mms . apk file from /system/app and decompiled it with apk multi-tool . then i started editing the file /res/layout/compose_message_activity.xml . it has an tag towards the bottom of the file . i removed textShortMessage from android:inputType on this line . this means : android:inputType="textCapSentences|textAutoCorrect|textMultiLine|textShortMessage"  becomes android:inputType="textCapSentences|textAutoCorrect|textMultiLine"  this worked for me in that the smiley key is replaced with the enter key after recompiling , signing and pushing back to my phone . my problem is that the enter key sends the message rather than inserting a new line . after more googling i came across this thread on xda . this mms . apk works exactly how i want it to - no smiley key and the enter key adds a new line . it is also black themed which i prefer for my screen . i decompiled the newly found black mms . apk file from xda to try and find what they guy did to make the enter button actually add a new line , but i can not see what is different . i would still like to know how to do this if anybody knows - this was my first time playing with a decompiled apk so i do not really know what i am doing . for now though i am quite happy with my new black themed mms . apk app .
yes and it is called xposed additions - available as a free or paid version on the play store . i use it to disable the power button wake on my galaxy s4 and replace it with the " media play/pause " function and it works flawlessly .
here is miui rom for micromax a60 please read install instructions carefully in this thread . if you want to stock rom then its here
when you download music from the play store , it stores it all on your account online . the best part of google music is that you can store up to 20,000 of your own songs online for free and then however many additional songs you purchase from the play store . these songs can be streamed at any time , or you can cache certain songs to listen to later when you do not have an internet connection or do not want to use all of your data . the downside to this is you never really have the music on your device . because of this , i am not sure you can use a song that you got from the play store as your alarm . you might be able to check in the file system to find where they are stored after they have been cached . or you can download the song onto your computer , and then copy it manually onto the phone and then use it as an alarm . edit : i have been looking all over my phone 's file system trying to find where the offline music is being stored , but i have had no luck . even after going to the location where every answer on this site says the offline music is stored , i still can not find the music . if you would like to check , this question appears to work for most people finding the offline music . from there you should be able to set the offline music as your alarm .
you could try downloading your music in mp3 format from google music through your pc and then put it on your phones sd-card . then you should be able to set the mp3 as an alarm sound .
also try a different usb cable . sometimes cables can be finicky .
did you encrypted your device storage ? if no then just backup your all data and give it a factory reset . it should fix the problem . had this problem with my s3 for two times . now its ' running fine .
i was not able to know what is the problem with my device . but after performing a factory data reset , it is now working . : )
neither of these answers worked for me when this happened to my friends phone . usb debugging was never turned on because she had no need for it . the screen however was completely busted after being dropped face down on the sidewalk . the only way that i could find to clear her data was to connect the galaxy note 2 to my ubuntu box and delete all the directories except for " android " and the " device_id . txt " file . i hope this helps someone else .
if you have the android sdk installed on your computer ( otherwise , see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , you can use the fastboot utility for that – provided usb debugging was activated on the device ( which might be the default in recovery mode ) : fastboot erase data fastboot erase cache  these two commands should erase everything from the /data ( user-apps and data ) plus /cache ( app cache ) partitions . so then you only had to take care for information stored on the sdcard ( s ) , which you could erase e.g. via ums/mtp ( concerning the internal sd ) . there might be ways to do this via fastboot as well . take care to not erase things like system or recovery , as that would render the android system unusable – which is not what you want . entering the fastboot command without parameters lists up what you can do with this utility ( syntax etc . ) . for more details , you might want to watch some introductionary video : fastboot clean erase tutorial : that describes a complete erase of the device , followed by a re-flash .
hold volume up + home + power key wait for 3 mins press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 6 times press power key that will do a hard reset .
hold volume up + home then power key wait for 3 seconds release buttons press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 7 times press power key that will do a hard reset . wait 60 seconds . hit power again and it will reboot the phone .
i will supply the answer from my samsung galaxy s3 , assuming a similar setting is located at a similar location on your xperia . look for settings> display> touch key light duration . on samsung there are settings from always off to always on , and timed settings in between . choose one of your liking other than always off to restore lighting to the buttons . update : sorry if the settings are not exactly at that loocation . here is a link to the user manual update2: i notice that the xperia has a slideout keyboard . sometimes the keyboard lighting is controlled by the control key lighting . look in the same place , except for keypad timeout : settings> display> keypad timeout .
turn the phone off turn it back on and hold the up volume button let me know if it works or not . there are also other solutions . source .
one of the advantages of a physical sd card : unmounting and re-mounting it triggers the media scanner . but that is unlikely to be an option for you . 1 depending on your android version , there are different apps available on google play to help you out . the " version difference": starting with kitkat , the old mechanism of triggering the media scanner does no longer work , " normal apps " are denied the permission to call it . but there is at least one new app available where the dev found a " loop-hole " to give back the functionality . some examples for pre-kitkat scanners can be found in the link of " footnote 1 " , sd scanner is the one promising to work with kitkat . 1 see my answer here for a more detailed explanation of the background
bluetooth profile widget may help you . it allows you to set the profile for your headset to , well , in this case , headset , so that the tablet will treat it as such . note : certain headsets do not handle all audio ( music/video players ) only phone audio , which would not apply to a tablet ( obviously :p ) . there are settings in this app to force all audio , including music and such , out the headset if it does not work with the default profile .
you can safely remove flash and facebook . android browser will not be able to play flash content after you remove it . that is the only downside of it , no breaking or anything else . most of the vendor installed apps are installed in system partition . even if you delete those apps you can not use that freed up space for installing regular program from market .
see this page on the cyanogenmod wiki which gives a pretty detailed analysis of what apps are " safe to remove " from the os .
@roxan is incorrect , it is not safe to remove stock rom apps . if you do so , any future updates from your carrier/manufacturer will not install . a much safer method is to use an app like titanium backup to ' freeze ' the apps , preventing them from being seen by the system and running/being updated . if you really feel the need to uninstall them , you can use titanium backup to back them up first ( requires root ) . that way you can restore them from backup in the future if you need to apply a rom update .
the only way i know of to prevent this when opening the browser directly is to close all tabs before exiting the browser . if you open a link from another app , you should be able to avoid this as well .
no , your phone needs to be rooted ( as confirmed by the developers ) . you may want to try camera ics + however which has as many features but remains silent .
you can not , unless the particular app provides a way . the android os does not manage or keep track of where apps decide to write on the sd card .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
yes , you can open a browser from the command-line using adb . here is an example from so : stackexchange-url
this issue solved itself over time with no changes needed .
partly answering your question : what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ? so basically : would be like tapping the back-button from within the app until you are out of it ( as opposed to just hitting the " home " button ) means killing the app by sending it a " friendly exit signal " imho the same as the previous item ( correct me if i am wrong , i am not entirely sure with this ) force-stop would forcefully remove all of the app 's processes on system level ( here the app would get no chance to interact , so it cannot even save its state or data . in easy terms : all system resources will be removed from it , so it can no longer continue to run ) for further information , also see : closing applications what is the right way to close apps in android ? how can i stop applications and services from running ? what does the “force stop” button mean ?
using adb , you can use adb pull to take any file you want from your phone , event if it is protected and locked ( i tried on 4.1.2 , do not know if it works on more up to date versions ) . only the /data folder needs root privileges to be read and it is where your contacts are stored . if you have root privileges , you can look at this answer to know where you can find them . note that you have to enable usb debugging before trying these steps .
why is there no " forgot pin " or a mail recovery option there ? : ( see if this app is compatible and use it : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.thomascannon.screenlockbypass.pro if you have your contacts synced on your google account , they will automatically get restored . this might help you get the data back : http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/androidcommandline/article.html#adb_copy
normally you should just be able to do : menu-> settings-> applications-> manage applications select the at and t messenger app . then scroll down in the app settings and there is a button labelled ' clear defaults ' . clicking this will clear any launch by default settings . next time you click the text icon on a contact it will ask you what app you want to use . however maybe at and t have hacked the phone to prevent this .
busybox is a single utility that contains the functionality of many of the basic unix tools . it is used on most embedded-linux systems instead of having separate executables for each utility , which wastes space owing to code duplication . there are several busybox installers available on google play , and one on f-droid . custom roms often have busybox built-in . in addition , grep and cat ( and a few more ) are already built into android . android has its own busybox-like called toolbox , but it is a lot smaller ( i.e. . more limited ) than the full busybox . you can access toolbox commands ( or busybox commands once you have installed it ) from a terminal emulator , in just the same way as any unix system .
the popup you are referring to exists as to alert the device user that the cellular service as become unavailable . if you wish to stick to a specific network , there is nothing you can do . options for mobile networks are located at : Settings \u2192 Wireless &amp; networks \u2192 Mobile Networks  and there is no option to prevent the system from warning you about the lost of network connectivity . from the above location , under " network operators " , you have an option " select automatically " , that will allow your device to select another network without disturbing you . but by your question contents , you do not want this .
you can set up an alert for the google play store at http://dealnews.com . it will email or text you new deals come up .
your best bet would be to follow google play on google+ . they always post any kind of news , including promotions for apps , music , movies . . .
i use appsales . it works well for me .
i have never used it , but this app seems to be what you were looking for : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.echolu.android.apphunter
you can generally install cyanogenmod without wiping as long as you are within the same major release ( i.e. . 7.1 -> 7.2 is okay , 7.1 -> 9.0 would require a wipe to boot properly ) . worst case is that you bootloop , usually , so you can always try it and then go back into recovery and wipe if it does not work . it is never caused problems for me before and i put nightlies on my devices on a fairly regular basis ( 2-3 times per week , usually ) . the cyanogenmod team has also noted this in the past on their blog and in other places . the 7.1 announcement , for example , stated : upgrading from any previous cm-7 release or nightly build should be smooth and no wipe should be required .
it could be a manufacturing fault in your particular tablet , but it sounds more likely to be an error in that model . perhaps the system integrator did not put applications ' data on non-volatile storage , or screwed up the shutdown sequence . if this is the case , updating the system may fix the problem . check with the manufacturer . if you edit your question to include the make model name of the tablet , you may find someone else who has one and can help .
you need to root your phone for this .
as wiki says , such a tool would require root on your phone . for security reasons , only system apps can enable and disable notifications for an app , only system apps can force-stop other apps , and only system apps can disable other apps . you really would not want every app on your phone to be able to turn on notifications for itself and disable the settings app so you can not turn them off again . if you want to disable most of your system apps , it sounds like it might be better for you to replace the os with a custom-rom . the tag wiki for that page will give you some hints to get started . be warned before you decide : you do need to unlock the bootloader to achieve this , and you should take a backup first as it is an advanced procedure : people do manage to brick their phones this way . as a quick note : most of the apps you list are samsung 's apps . samsung are known for shipping particularly bloat-heavy software , so you may find it easier to buy a phone from a different manufacturer next time . nexus phones in particular run a very minimal android : that is their main selling point .
there is a separate downloads app , which shows a list of downloads from all apps . downloads are saved in the " downloads " directory in the sd card , which means that downloaded videos show up in the " downloads " album in gallery .
have you tried with google maps engine ?
i was correct - the stock recovery was not being substituted for a custom recovery . i have since tried a number of things : first i tried installing the " freegee " app . trying to install a custom recovery resulted in the error " your devices specific software version of d80220d is not currently supported " . second , i tried following this guide resulted in the error : Loki tool v2.1 [-] Loki aboot version does not match device. 1|root@g2:/data/local/tmp # exit 1|shell@g2:/ $  what eventually worked was downloading the autorec . apk for the lg g2 d802 and installing it using adb : adb install d802_autorec . apk i downloaded the . apk from here . twrp recovery was installed successfully . more information on autorec is here .
the reason is that android 1.5 and earlier did not require the application to specifically request those permissions and automatically granted them . since android 1.6 , those permissions have to be specifically requested by the app . however , if you specify that your application can run on devices with android 1.5 and less , then that permission is added to the application by default and the market shows that permission as being requested by the application . so in summary , the application may not actually be accessing your " phone state and identity " but if the developer specified that his/her application can run on devices with 1.5 or less then that permission will be shown .
it allows the app to read a unique id ( a phone identifier named imei ) that is associated with your phone . it can therefore help with copy-protection or the attempt to track the number of users .
there is another reason for this than the unique id . i would guess that half of the apps do not access those values at all . the problem is that for a lower version up to android 1.5 this permission does not exist . everybody could access these values without requesting something . therefore if you create an app that is compatible with 1.5 this permission will automatically be added to emulate the lower security of android 1.5 because of that you could ignore this permission in most of the times because it tends to be just a compatibility issue .
the ad providers can use your phone identity to opt you in to telemarketing lists . as long as you have the app you are doing business with them and , by law , they do not have to remove you .
many ad publishers use this permission to get the phone id for all sorts of tracking purposes . there are other ways to get a unique id , but unfortunately they are buggy in older android versions ( the story is more complicated , see e.g. stackexchange-url or http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2011/03/identifying-app-installations.html for a more complete story ) . so if the app uses advertisements , there is a fair chance that the app itself does not actually need the read_phone_state permission , only the ad provider does .
this question has been bothering me quite some time . so now , finally , i decided to get to the bottom of the issue . the playstore has an app named permission . read_phone_state , which requests READ_PHONE_STATE as the only permission , and does nothing else than printing out all data it can access with or without using it . i have installed that on my lg optimus 4x , being rooted on stock android 4.0.3 , and revoked the permission using lbe . results where pretty interesting , as the following screenshots show : information gathered by the app permission . read_phone_state ( click images for larger variants ) as you can easily see , even some information the dev though inaccessible without the permission , was freely accessible : my mailbox number ( remark : yes , it is the correct one ; with my provider that is the shortcut when dialing from your own device , so i can freely display it ; ) at the end of the first screenshot you see : CALL_STATE_IDLE . so no phone call incoming , outgoing , or in progress . no app needs this permission to " background " itself on incoming calls . it is even possible to see whether mobile data are active ( DATA_DISCONNECTED ; i was on wifi when taking the screenshots , as you can see in the notification bar ) , which country you are in , your provider ( including some technical data on him ) , whether you are having a sim card , or if you are in roaming . the only things not accessible hence are identifying data : imei , simid , imsi , and your own phone number . conclusion : this permission is only needed for identification purposes , nothing else . why do so many apps need it then ? for the ad modules , most likely 1 because the dev thought he needs it ( as pointed out by some answers here ) 2 because the app in question is designed to ( also ) run on android 1.5 and below ( easy to find out , as that is listed on google play ) . likelihoods in exactly this order , imho . 1 note by dan 's post on chat : google play policy now forbids apps from getting your imei to identify you for advertising purposes . all the ad libraries have been updated now to use the google-play-services-provided " advertising id " , so any that still use the imei for this purpose should be reported to google . as it is hard for the user to tell what the app is using the imei for , you should ask the developer to explain first . 2 another developer just pointed me to a subtle difference : while the permission is not needed to read the current call status ( as i have pointed out ) , it might be needed to register a listener in order to be notified on changes of the call status ( see : detecting incoming and outgoing phone calls on android ) . while there seem to be means of handling this automatically when the system calls onPause , that might not always be suitable : think of your alarm clock . you might not want to have that automatically stopped on an incoming call – especially not when your profile is set to ringer volume " muted " . 3 again a correction from dan : you only get the default extra permission if your app 's " target " version is 1.5 . if you target a later version but your min version is 1.5 , you do not get the permission added automatically . updates interesting that there is an open issue ( 21504 ) to divide READ_PHONE_STATE in what is needed to a ) detect incoming calls and related ( telephony ) , and a second permission for the identification details ( imei , imsi , etc ) . opened 11/2011 , still not worked on . star it if interested : ) and yes , there is a way to achieve the same ( detecting incoming calls ) without the READ_PHONE_STATE permission , as e.g. pointed out by arno welzel . as an incoming phone call would trigger the ringer , that event could be used with onAudioFocusChange() , which does not require any special permission : if triggered by that , the app could check the callstate ( again , without any special permission required ) to see whether there is an incoming call .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
the solution to my problem was simply revoking all authorisations granted to computers already . after rebooting both my galaxy s3 and my laptop , the pop-up appeared again and i could continue the installation of cyanogenmod , which has now succesfully completed .
this is a firmware issue , and needs to be addressed by the manufacturer . if you have done a factory reset , then you should contact the manufacturer and tell them that after the latest upgrade , the contact and phone app no longer work . they should release a new upgrade to fix this issue .
the problem is happening that when you connect your phone to your computer via usb it attached the card to your computer and while that is happening the card is not accessible for android system . this breaks all the applications which are moved to sd card . this might be device specific to change ( if possible at all ) , so please post your device info .
you should not need to clear the defaults of any application . if you install a new application that handles an intent for which you have already set a default , android will " clear " that default so that the next time you fire the intent ( e . g . , dialing the phone ) you will be prompted with the " choose an app to perform this action " menu . it sounds to me like the app you have installed does not handle that intent , and that for you to use it you will need to explicitly launch the app .
assuming this is not a limitation of this espier app , and assuming you are stock , it may not be possible on a stock touchwiz rom , or at the very least it may be exceedingly difficult . i imagine this is what you are describing when you mention the selection you have , but click a phone number from , say , a google search result , and see if you have espier as an option there . even so , that will probably only " replace " the dialer in that it will load espier instead of the stock dialer when you click on phone numbers . incoming calls will likely still use the stock dialer . are you rooted ? it is theoretically possible to replace the various apks associated with the dialer and contacts in some cases , a good google will probably be necessary for that . it is potentially dangerous if you are unfamiliar with what you are doing , and at that point , you might as well flash a custom rom and be done with it imo .
i am sorry to make you guys take a big trouble to try to solve my problem , i have now sorted out this problem by downloading espier launcher 7 and now the dialer works as a plugin and all is set . thank you for your valuable and precious time , guys !
while there is some conflicting information , the limit at which the market adds the wifi tag appears to be 25mb .
good question . i believe the answer has been recently changing , because while i was initially under the same impression as saintwacko ( thinking the cutoff was 25 mb ) i have been unable to find any google documentation defining such a limit . what i have found is that the maximum apk ( app ) size is 50 mb . developers can also choose to use up to two apk expansion files to be downloaded along with with the app 's apk , each of which can be up to 2 gb . even for these larger expansion files , though , i could find no mention of wi-fi only download restrictions ( unless explicitly required by the developer ) . i remember seeing the wi-fi download flag you mention on some larger apps that i use personally , but today i have gone back to those same apps and do not see that flag . as best i can tell this policy has changed .
i have found the culprit ! i went to settings > call > internet call settings and deleted the sip account i had once created and forgot . the phone kept reaching the sip server ( probably to check for incoming calls ) . i had to install a packet sniffer on the phone ( tpacketcapture ) to see where the requests where going and realize i had configured a sip account .
depending on what apps you have installed , apps like facebook , twitter , google+ and others will download data in the background to keep current when you open the app . with ics , you can disable background data usage for specific apps : ( click to enlarge ) this is visible in the system settings -> data usage . you should then see a list of apps that are using data . it will also show the highest usage app . clicking on the app brings you to a details screen that allows you to disable data usage or background usage .
have you looked at something like onavo count to monitor data usage ?
you can use adb to forward the tcp connection : adb forward tcp:8080 tcp:8080
auto mount your sd card should do that for you : automatically mount your sd card . quit manually mounting your sd card every time you plug your phone into your computer . i used that one one of my phones when i still connected it frequently via usb , and it did its job wonderfully . the app is available for free on the playstore , so nothing to lose : )
yes ! you should be able to clear the stock app from being the default calendar app by following these steps : go to the phone settings select apps scroll to the right two screen , to the ' all ' section scroll down until you can find calendar , click on it scroll down the page and click the ' clear defaults ' button next time anything wants to use the calendar , you will be able to select which program you wish to use .
go into Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All -&gt; Messages . clear the cache and the data for the app the restart the device . i was having the same issue with messages to my wife and it cleared it up . hope this helps !
settings-> security-> lock screen options-> shortcuts .
it can be done in ics . go to security under settings . go into screen security go into shortcut settings . . . voila !
on the stock verizon htc thunderbolt that just got the ics update , you can access this capability by : choosing the personalize " paint palette " icon on the bottom of the home screen choosing display from the bottom toolbar selecting Lock Screen shortcuts .
install widgetlocker locksscreen . using it , you can put high no . of apps on lockscreen .
an " lte band " , or any other type of " band " that you read about with relation to a phone , is referring to the radio frequencies that the phone picks up . each cellular provider builds their network on a specific set of radio frequencies which are divided up into chunks that are assigned band numbers . so , using your t-mobile example , band 4 is specifically comprised of two frequency ranges : upload bandwidth uses radio frequencies between 1710 and 1755 mhz download bandwidth uses frequencies between 2110 and 2155 mhz a phone 's spec sheet effectively lists the frequencies that its antennas ( and cellular radio ) are designed to support . you cannot change the antenna 's supported bands because this is not something that is set in software - the supported bands listed in a spec sheet are , generally , a statement about the phone 's hardware support for different networks* . therefore , your phone must support the carrier 's lte network bands in order for you to have lte coverage . otherwise the lte radio will be unusable . cellular antennas these days are pretty much always multi-band pieces of hardware ( that is , one antenna picks up several bands ) . the difference between powering a 5 band radio and a 2 band one is probably measurable with very precise instrumentation , but it is certainly not going to be an amount that would be perceptible when actually using the device . further , having support for additional bands is generally considered a net benefit because you have the ability to use the phone on multiple carriers ( assuming a sim unlocked device ) . per your specific example of the xt1053 vs the xt1055: you could use the either on t-mobile usa 's lte network , because both support band 4 lte , which is what t-mobile is using . however , the xt1055 will not work on t-mobile 's current hspa+ network because it lacks support for the umts 1700 band . in places where lte is too weak or not available , you would drop all the way back to edge ( 2g ) speeds , whereas the xt1053 would be able pick up hspa+42 speeds ( if available ) . *there are some exceptions to this rule , where a device may actually use a radio chipset/antenna combination that provides hardware support for a band that is effectively " locked out " by the software layer . one example of this is the nexus 4 , which does not list lte support in its specs but does , in fact , have an lte band 4 chip installed that can be enabled on older baseband versions . however , you could not force the n4 to work on , say , lte band 17 .
lte bands are the bands of radio spectrum that the cellular networks run on . there are 44 defined bands and different carriers in different areas use different bands to provide service . wikipedia has a fairly extensive list of who uses what bands . yes , t-mobile operates on band 4 ( aka aws ) , so any other band capability on the device would go unused . if you do not have the same band available on the phone as on the network , you will not be able to use the network period . it would be like trying to pick up an am radio station on an fm-only radio . yes . band availability is determined by the hardware radio set the phone was built with .
afaik the default android launcher does not allow you to do this . however , there are some launchers available on play store which let you do this . regina 3d launcher is one of them . the other option i see is what you are already doing , using a live wallpaper like multipicture live wallpaper . ( i have mentioned some popular apps to do this , there are alternatives available , you can search on play store . )
i am going to expand on the previous answer : the stock android os does not see ad-hoc wifi points - this has been programmed in . why google decided this , i have no idea . the wifi access point , as you said , is an ad-hoc network , as such android does not see it . the previous answer tells you how to turn the ad-hoc network into a wifi access point - like the ones routers use . most custom roms allow you to connect to ad-hoc networks as if they were normal wifi hotspots .
in snow leopard ( sorry , i do not have a lion to try this with ) : in system preferences > sharing , enable ' internet sharing ' enable ' to computers using airport ' click the ' airport options ' button and set up hotspot 's network name and encryption . the airport will have to be off for this button to be active . ' ok ' to back out to the sharing pref pane . on the network preference pane , or on the menu bar , turn on the airport . your device should see your mac as a wifi access point .
just use connectify pro full . http://www.connectify.me/hotspot/
does your device auto-mount its storage to the pc when connected ? on most devices you need to pull down the notification bar and click the usb notification to mount . you should dismount the same way , after dismounting in linux , before unplugging the device . and , how much free space do you have ?
i do not see a way to do it on my droid . i am going to say that it is not possible with the stock calendar .
the spec is simply listed ( on htc 's website ) as such : memory rom : 512 mb ram : 384 mb expansion slot 8 gb microsd™ memory card ( supports up to 32 gb ) the above link is for the us cellular variant , but the c spire version has the same memory specs ( the only real difference between variants is supported bands , afaik ) . gsm arena also reports " microsd up to 32gb " . generally speaking , android devices support any sd card that properly complies with the sd spec . there are no " special " cards for devices - any will do .
after some days of struggling i have come to the understanding that my nexus one 's nic was corrupted/broken/something_bad_else . my tests were all messed up and with no logical connection . i have tried with a s ii device and results seem to be a little more consistent . by the way , even in this case , i can not achieve a worse throughput increasing the bit rate , actually it is still floating around 90% ( from 88 to 95 randomly ) . probably it is dued to wi-fi instability and udp packets instead of tcp . for my purpose having tried with a different device gave me a suitable answer .
normally you should have to install the driver of the tablet to have adb working with it . on the opposite , mass storage usually work out-of-the-box because any pc recognize this standard . after some search on google i found some info that may work with your tablet here : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/70585-adb-drivers/page_ p _805857
you can use any ssh client to establish a connection to your host and tail the desired file . this will not help you saving the battery , since the tail command or any other that collects " off-site " information , needs an active connection that uses network , that in turn consumes more battery . personally i use connectbot by kenny root and jeffrey sharkey available from google play store for free . connectbot is a powerful open-source secure shell ( ssh ) client . it can manage simultaneous ssh sessions , create secure tunnels , and copy/paste between other applications . this client allows you to connect to secure shell servers that typically run on unix-based servers .
you can synchronize with hotmail since hotmail supports exchange and you can use the outlook connector to connect outlook to hotmail .
you can try go contact sync , there are some mixed reviews on that site about it . on the other hand , i have read good things about gsyncit , but it is not free . it will sync calendars , contacts , tasks , and notes . these are not specific to android , as the information is actually syncing with google contacts , not your device .
it sounds like you are happy using google/gmail as an intermediary for the sync , if you have already tried google calendar sync , if so then there are a few options . it sounds unlikely from your question , but if you are part of an organisation that is given you a paid-for google apps account then google apps sync is available for you . this syncs an outlook calendar , contacts and mail with a google apps gmail account , and from there you can easily sync with your phone . unfortunately this is not available for standard gmail/google accounts , or for free google apps accounts . other , third party , options to sync outlook with a gmail account are go contact sync ( free ) , companionlink ( paid app ) or goosync ( subscription service with free trial ) .
i use myphoneexplorer on windows7 to sync outlook 2010 with my android phone .
i have been using ‘blue syncroid’ to sync my contacts and calendars between outlook and android via bluetooth . used to forget my usb cable and unwilling to share my personal information ( contacts and calendars ) on the cloud to sync my info . pretty satisfied with the solution . simple and user friendly . they also have a trial version launched . highly recommended . visit http://www.bluesyncroid.com for more details . thumbs up !
see the usb access from guest in hyper-v question on serverfault — in short , hyper-v does not provide any way to access host usb ports from guests . there are some workarounds — mostly “usb over ethernet” solutions . another option which could work for some use cases is to enable wireless adb on the devices , and then access them via the network .
there are free apps that enable bluetooth connectivity of keyboards like bluekeyboard jp , bluetooth keyboard easyconnect . there is also a paid app bluetooth ( null ) keyboard . try one of these for connecting your keyboard with your phone .
the best solution i have found is to join contacts : select the duplicate contact edit the contact access the menu for the edit contact page , and select the join action . you can then select the contact you want to merge with .
when you circle someone in google+ , it also adds them in the " other contacts " in google contacts . simply de-select " other contacts " in the contacts app to remove these contacts from your view .
astro file manager ( free , ad supported ) will do what you want . once installed , add a shortcut to astro to your homescreen and it should let you browse to your pdf ( or any other file , for that matter ) . the shortcut on the homescreen will then take you directly to the file you chose in the file browser .
the phones does not support an operating system , it is the os that support the phone . you can run any os on a smartphone as long as someone ports the os to that phone
rim only make blackberry os for their own specially-designed hardware , they do not release their os to be installed on other people 's hardware . however the new blackberry playbook ( running their brand new qnx os ) can run android apps as well as blackberry apps , i do not think there are any phones running their new os yet , but they will be coming soon . so that could do some of what you want to do with dual booting ? phones designed for symbian often have much lower hardware specs than ones designed for android , so you are going to struggle to get android running on them . see this previous question is it possible to get android on a nokia e65 ? phones designed for windows mobile and windows phone 7 , however are a different matter . they do ( mostly ) have high enough specs , and a lot of the time are almost identical hardware-wise to android phones from the same manufacturer . in these cases all that is needed is for someone to spend some time gathering ( or writing ) android hardware drivers for the specific hardware in the phone , and then porting an android build onto them . there are a few websites that co-ordinate projects to get android running on these phones , xda devs being one of the biggest . see this previous question which does overlap with this one by quite a bit can i install android on my non-android device ?
in practical terms , there are no android phones that support other popular operating systems , because the other oss are closed source . a possible exception is , for example , the htc hd2 ; it is almost identical to the htc desire z , and android can be run on it , so it is entirely possible that ripping the winphone7 os and flashing it on a desire z would work . as gathrawn notes , the reverse ( getting android onto other phones ) has been done ; check out can i install android on my non-android device ? for that .
all that the locked status indicates is that the bootloader itself is actually locked . . . it sounds like your partitions may have gotten botched up . was the phone acting up prior to this , or were you attempting to root/install a custom rom ?
you can download the whatsapp . apk from the internet ( its like a . exe file for android ) , just search it in google .
settings -&gt; applications -&gt; manage applications -&gt; chrome -&gt; clear defaults might help you .
you can set a navbar on your device by just adding a single line to your build . prop file . qmenu.hw.maikeys=0 also you can disable you current h/w buttons by give a # symbol before <code> key 172 home key 158 back key 139 menu </code> in file /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl es file exporer will automatically make a backup for those files . you can use that . bak files if you want to revert . you can edit build . prop file using es file manager app or you can try flashing zip specified here
with 32 gb when i go to settings i can see 25 gb available storage though the device is declared to have 32gb , part of that is reserved for the firmware . the entire 32gb are partitioned : /system for the device-firmware /recovery for the recovery ( see : recovery-mode ) /boot for the boot image /cache for application cache /data for apps and their data ( see : internal-storage ) the 25 gb you see are those from the internal-storage aka /data . this answer only covers the first part of your question . for the second part , we need some more details .
you could use droidwall for this if you are rooted . just deny all traffic and then allow traffic to your vpn ip/port . if you need to use a custom script see the man page of iptables for the syntax . here 's a quick , untested example . iptables -P FORWARD ACCEPT iptables -P INPUT DROP iptables -P OUTPUT DROP iptables -A OUTPUT -p udp --dport 1194 -d xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx -j ACCEPT 
connect your phone to your pc and run sony pc suit . and update your firmware take backup of contacts , messages , notes etc . just go to your file explorer and run then select verify and install or package installer . if it says enable unknown app installation  go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Applications and check \u201cUnknown sources\u201d. 
1 . updating the firmware sony xperia u has official firmware upgrade to ics ( 4.0.4 , i believe ) . connect you phone to your pc and run sony pc companion . from there you can update your phone to ics . warning : always take a backup in pc companion before updating firmware . 2 . installing apks which are not from market to enable installation of applications which are not from market , please follow the steps go to menu > settings > applications and make sure “ unknown sources ” is checked . open a file manager and click on the apk which want to install and in the dialog box click install . open the application from application drawer .
are you sure that that is not the way it should be ? today i recived a 4.0.4 system update for my nexus s . try updating yours from 4.0.3 to 4.0.4 . edit : that is the way its ment to be . me and many people i know have it like that . where did you get the first image of the dock bar from ?
fast answer : nes . yo . well , it all depends . . . on how you use your device . detailed answer self-experiment i just did a self-experiment to find out . until now , i had all my devices fixed to 2g -- as that should " save juice " , like the question suggests . so for 4 days now , i have 3g enabled . surprisingly : no difference which could not be explained by measurement errors or slightly different situations ( after all , i had a . no lab conditions and b . just tested with a single device ) . humm . time to go for some facts , and do some calculations . hard data i already posted some hard data on battery consumptions of components as answer to the question what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? , more than half a year ago . so now i picked the relevant values , made an average over the two devices , and -- i admit -- slightly adjusted things to reduce differences : i took the best gsm ( 2g ) speed possible to make 2g seem faster i took worse conditions to " slow down " umts ( 3g ) to conditions which should be met even in areas where it was not improved to the " the latest cutting-edge " ( oh , speaking of " edge": 2g assumes edge here ) . and now i have got some surprising answers : whether 2g saves more juice than 3g , or vice versa , depends on how you use your device . i created 4 different " usage-groups " , and added a 5 th special case at the end . here are my results : few phone minutes , few data yeah -- that is me : 150 . . 300 minutes talk per month , that makes not more than an average of 5 . . 10 min per day . i have a 50 mb data flat , and hardly ever use it up ( which makes for ~ 1.5 mb/day ) . so i am mostly left with " standby": ~umts stdby 15 mw ~gsm stdby 10 mw consider that your screen uses 400 . . 800 mw on average when turned on , a difference of 5 mw can safely be ignored . besides , the little data even compensate -- but i get ahead of myself . the 24/7 caller with no time for data . . . better switches to 2g : ~umts tel 800 mw ~gsm tel 400 mw as you can see , when on-call , 3g uses about twice as much juice than 2g would use ( and you do not speak faster on 3g -- a call is a call , and will take the same time ) . so if you spend a lot of time in calls , and have only little data traffic , you are much better off with 2g/gsm . few phone minutes , but big data sucker here comes the big surprise : this group saves a lot when sticking with 3g/umts : ~umts xfer 1200 mw ~edge xfer 1000 mw does not look like a huge difference ? ok : looking on " how much does it suck per minute " might not make the big deal . so we need a second component : ~umts speed dl/ul 7/1 mbit/s ( hsdpa/hsupa ) ~edge speed dl/ul 200/100 kbit/s you see i assumed max speed for edge , but not the state-of-the-art ( 20 mbit/s downstream ) for umts . umts coverage might differ between areas , but the 7+ mbit/s should be available everywhere . now let 's look how long the download/upload of 1 mb data takes , and how much juice that corresponds to : ~umts 1mb dl/ul 1s/8s ~ 1200/9600 mws ~edge 1mb dl/ul 40s/80s ~ 40.000/80.000 mws that is about a factor of 1:7 for upload , and even more than 1:30 for download ! so yeah : this group is definitely better off sticking to 3g ! ! ! multi-tasker : 24/7 on call while using full data this now very much depends on what " full data " stands for , and if you are really a 24/7 on-call-boy ( or girl ) . no clear answer for this , you must put your own data into the equation and do the calculation . it is rather 50:50 -- as with group #1 , you might run a " zero growth " -- or tend to either group 2 or group 3 . special case : the " hopper " especially in rural areas , coverage might be , humm , " slippery " . your device might be permanently toggling between 2g and 3g , always on the hunt for the better signal . here all the above might become relative , as the toggling itself is drinking the juice . if you are in such a situation : check to which of the 4 groups above you fit best , and fix your device to either 3g or 2g , depending on . btw : a similar situation would be if you have got the idea to toggle between 2g/3g whenever you switch your display off/on . as the toggling requires up to 10s full-power ( to find the corresponding stations ; 2g and 3g use different frequencies ) , you would not really " save juice " . epilog yepp , i completely forgot about 4g/lte . but incidentally . first : i have no 4g/lte device for a self-experiment . second : i have no " hard data " on 4g/lte . so all i could do is guessing . doing that , ok , ok : it most likely will be the same as above -- just increment the numbers by one : )
i agree that the network coverage has direct impact on the battery life . if you have a good 4g coverage , your battery will last longer than if you use 2g but with bad coverage . anyway , the white paper of xperia v for example gives more battery if your smartphone uses 3g than in 2g mode . the same with other xperia smartphones . is it a mystery or is it a mistake ?
for me switching to 2g has helped my battery last 2-3 hours longer . i use a samsung galaxy s3 i9300 . was using 3g connection for the first two months and the battery would be over by 14-15 hours under normal-heavy usage . switched to 2g data couple of months back and the battery life has improved by 2-3 hours . my usage has always been the same with both 3g and 2g . i use about 1.5gb of data every month . switching to 2g gave me better battery life for the same usage . but while travelling , when there is fluctuations in network coverage , even 2g network mode drains battery . the network coverage has direct impact on the battery life . the better the network coverage , the better the battery life . screen , data transfer and games are the biggest battery hoggers for me . i have used some battery saving applications before but never found it to be useful , though other users may differ , its my opinion .
this settings bar is used by the customer to turn off or on the options shown in the bar . the bar 's contents themselves are not configurable , at least i have not found any area that controls this or makes items here discretionary . most likely would need a special build to remove items . update : doing a deeper search provided a similar question . see the suggestions there , which suggest 3rd party apps to be installed that control contents .
go to the phone settings . click display from the device group , then on the next screen click notification panel . you can add and remove notification bar items from there . not all samsung roms have this option : in particular , i do not think the galaxy s iii had it until 4.1.2 .
i cannot find any specific accessories on the official samsung product page . however a tv-out cable exists which presumable ( if the projector has all the necessary inputs ) can also be used to show the picture from the tab on the projector : product name : samsung ecc1tp0bbegsta galaxy tab tv out cable unfortunately the cable does not offer hdmi - output : only rca video . an hdmi adapter for the galaxy tab series exists but it is not compatible with your specific model ( galaxy tab 2 7.0 ) see the following product page
the galaxy tab 2 7.0 p3100 has no capability to connect to an external display . the necessary hardware was not included in that model . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37032295postcount=110
you need to use a special adapter for that . you need this : samsung p4 p5 hdtv adapter for samsung galaxy tab 10.1 , galaxy tab 8.9 , galaxy tab 7.7 and galaxy tab 7.0 plus sanoxy® black hdmi input to vga adapter converter for pc / laptop 6ft svga vga monitor mm male to male extension cable 80 if the projector has an hdmi slot then you do not need the hdmi to vga and the vga to vga , you just need to use the samsung epl-3phpbegxar galaxy tab hdtv adapter and then an hdmi cable .
the advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) is a source/sink configuration . in an normal scenario , you have a source ( for example , and android phone ) and a sink ( bluetooth headset/speakers ) . but in your case , the android phone would have to act as a sink to the dumbphone source . this is not currently supported , even though the phone supports the a2dp profile . one solution would be to install a custom bluetooth stack , which defines which profiles are supported on the device . this would additionally require a software component that can bypass the android framework and use the stack directly , since the framework lacks a2dp sink support . so far , no such modifications can be found .
you can use their official update software , it has been called " pc companion " the last time i used it : boot your phone to flashmode ( see also how do i turn on flashmode in sony ericsson ray ? ) update/restore it with pc companion this is mostly for modding , so it will not be that useful to you : you can also flash a . ftf file of your choice ( official or a custom mod ) with flashtool , note however that you need to unlock the bootloader before your phone will boot a mod with an unoriginal kernel . i have however no idea where to find an original firmware image for your xperia play/r800i , you might need to google for that yourself .
the best way is to wait for that ! as your phone is not rooted you cannot upgrade your os yourself . you can root the phone by googling it ! you can wait ! you can search for roms for your nexus on xda-developers forum . best thing about the xda forums is that you will find method to root your device on the same page on which you will get the rom for your cell phone !
i think the easiest way is to use gnex toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310
it has to be related to the website . it is possibly just a pop-up ad . currently there is no known virus for the android platform . there're other forms of malware but no viruses . nevertheless you should always make sure to only install applications from trusted sources .
go into the device settings , then from my device , choose accessibility . from that menu , press talkback , then click the switch in the top-right corner to turn talkback off . after tapping something once to get the yellow box ( and the spoken description of what the thing is ) , double-tap anywhere on the screen to click the highlighted thing .
as it turns out , my sd card was failing . i have since replaced it and all pictures are fine thus far .
we will there is no fix for this . i have had my n7 for one month and it is doing the same thing described--if it is not plugged in it will not start up . so here is what i have experienced relative to this problem . first the n7 i just pulled out of the box did the same thing . so i brought it back to the store to exchange it and to be safe i tried the next three at the store and they all had the same problem . the fourth one worked for a month . now that it will not start up i called google they would help only if i bought it through the playstore . they passed me to asus who gave me only one option - return to have it repaired not replaced . i am very disappointed in google . they know they have a problem but do not want to say so in the public . very sad
follow these steps , if the icon in ( 3 ) has a line through it then it will not store your location in your images . open the menu choose settings tap the location icon
how to get out of car mode . got this from http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/203433-how-get-out-car-mode.html after trying all of the above and nothing had worked . this worked for me . i see that there are only a few posts about this online but no solutions without using apps . i called verizon and told them the issues . they actually had to go back to way earlier models to solve this issue . to get out of car dock mode do the following : plug in your phone to your charger . turn off your phone . turn on your phone . place a call . while in call , remove your charging cable from your phone ( wiggling it a little did the trick for me ) . end the call . the steering wheel icon should be gone and your phone should be back to normal .
i know this is old , but i was having this problem with my lg g2 and finally figured out how to get rid of it . hoping this saves someone else the frustration ! go into settings and under the system heading there is an option for accessory . when you open that , uncheck the " car home " option that says " automatically start car home when the phone is mounted on car cradle " .
the most common reason for the car mode to launch is dirt in your charger-connector . the micro-usb gathers all kinds of dirt from your pockets and eventually starts connecting the pins sporadically . apply some compressed air and you will be fine . let the charger have some as well .
i was able to fix my droid dna by going into developer options and checking " usb debugging "
it is included with cyanogenmod and is based on similar modes in other roms . it is meant to provide you with what you need , but not so much as to distract you while driving . i do not know what is launching it , or how it is doing so automatically , but there may be ways to stop it : stop it in it is tracks if you would like to remove it completely and not use it at all , install titanium backup , choose the Backup and Restore tab , find and select Car Home ( i have version 2.2.1.2 ) and select either Freeze or Uninstall .   note : Freeze will stop the app from running at all , but keep it on your phone . Uninstall will completely remove it . double note : if you choose Uninstall , you may want to make a Backup there with the app first , just in case removing it causes unwanted side-effects . other , less intense options in car mode , click the Right Arrow and choose Settings . from here , make sure that it is not automatically launching when connected to some bluetooth device , and try Reset to defaults , just to make sure nothing else is helping it along . from the home screen , go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications , choose the All tab , and find Car Home . here , click the Clear data button .
yeah . i jus figured all you had to do was use two of your fingers and swipe them down twice . ( -_- ) . that car mode got me worried ! ! ! i though i was never gonna get out of it ! ! !
you can disable car mode in your phone model by going to Settings &gt; Dock &gt; and uncheck auto-launch , according to http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20110814065550aaw9rzc apparently this is a common problem in evo 4g , see : http://forums.miui.us/showthread.php?21516-car-mode-won-t-turn-off http://androidforums.com/evo-4g-all-things-root/343337-car-mode-constantly-randomly-turns.html
i discovered that if you disable the kies air program then the care mode will stop working on the galaxy s2 . click on settings , then find applications , under running process there is a program called " kies air " ( orange and white in color . ) click on the un install updates and then i clicked on disable button . i have a samsung galaxy 2 and the " car mode " has stopped popping up every 2 seconds on my phone
it was a hardware issue for me - need to gently bend the charging port so it does not touch the upper bracket . more info here : http://forums.androidcentral.com/verizon-droid-charge/135723-fixed-droid-charge-stuck-desk-car-cradle-mode.html it is happened to me several times : randomly switches to car mode , desktop mode , shuts off speaker , answers calls only in speakerphone , music will not play through speaker , etc . .
i found another car home issue related to the usb port . on a non-evo someone dicovered that their usb port was bent and they violently disabled it . since iplugged and unplugged my evo 3.1415 million times since i got it , i have played around ( gently ) with the usb port . this has reduced the annoying car home app starts from all the time to 4-5 times daily .
see if delayed lock works for you . it is a 7-day trial app , with in-app purchase for license . additionally , there is also an optional notification in the android status bar and a widget to immediately reenable the lock screen , and free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations . others have used a combination of tasker and secure settings with this configuration : profile : state > bluetooth connected Task &gt; Plugin &gt; Secure Settings &gt; Password/Pin &gt; Disabled exit task : Task &gt; Plugin &gt; Secure Settings &gt; Password/Pin &gt; Enabled (Set to my old PIN number)
showing the same amount of content on a 4.6" screen would make it prohibitively small in most cases . you would not be able to read it , so putting that much content on the screen just does not make sense . resolution determines how many pixels you can display , but one pixel is not the same size on every screen . making content usable and readable requires you to use up more pixels on a smaller screen because they are more densely packed . for a good comparison , open a web page on a galaxy nexus and zoom all the way out . the same page viewed on a 14" ( or such ) monitor with similar resolution would be no problem , but the text is nearly indecipherable on your phone . from the standpoint of " how is this accomplished technically " - it largely depends on how an app is written . by default , android will simply scale the interface on to the larger screen , which may or may not cause more data to be visible ( consider a scrolling list , for example : more items would be visible on a larger screen ) . that is the most basic scenario . it is also possible , however , for a developer to define entirely different layouts based upon screen size or density . therefore , the layouts on a 7" device may be completely unrelated to the layouts on a 4" device or 10" device . this gives developers a lot of flexibility to create richer uis for tablets ( and other such devices ) while keeping the phone uis useable . this is covered in length on android 's developers site .
that is because the pixels per inch ( ppi ) is different between them . the higher the ppi , the higher the quality but at a cost of ( relative ) smaller screen size . so the nexus 7 has 216 pixels per inch while the galaxy nexus has 316 pixels per inch . the resolution is not everything , you also have to consider the density of the pixels . high ppi values have the advantage that it is hd but it also has a disadvantage which is a smaller screen size ( at a persistent resolution ) . you can read more about ppi here .
to understand why nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus , i will first explain two concepts : screen density and density-independent-pixel . but before we go into technical details , it may be worth to clarify the design goals of using density-independent-pixels . the goal is to define a ui that is similar in dimension across devices , regardless of the screen size . so in this case the appearance of the menus is the same in the galaxy nexus and the tablet ( side by side should look very similar ) , but , as one has a bigger screen , more content can be shown . the designer selects an appearance that looks good for a certain size ( a 160 dpi screen is the base ) and this is " simulated " in this case in devices with higher dpi . screen density commonly referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low ( 120 ) , medium ( 160 ) , high ( 240 ) , and extra high ( 320 ) . a device such as galaxy nexus has " extra high " screen density ( more specifically , the dpi value is set at 320 ) . the nexus 7 uses " tvdpi " - i.e. 213 dpi . density independent pixel commonly referred to as dp . this is the virtual pixel unit used when displaying content . the density-independent pixel is equivalent to one physical pixel on a 160 dpi screen . to calculate dp use the following formula : px = dp * (dpi / 160)  or equivalently : dp = (px / dpi) * 160  the reason nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus despite having similar resolutions is this : the dpi of nexus 7 is lower than galaxy nexus . galaxy nexus ( 320 dpi , 720 pixels wide ) (720 / 320) * 160 = 360 dp  nexus 7 ( 213 dpi , 800 pixels wide ) (800 / 213) * 160 = 600 dp  this means that when apps are rendering on the galaxy nexus , the width of the screen is actually 360 dp ( rendered using 720 pixels ) . whereas on the nexus 7 , the width of the screen is 600 dp ( rendered using 800 pixels ) . bonus if your galaxy nexus is rooted , you can use an app such as lcd density modder and change the dpi of your device to 240 . what you will get is something a lot closer to nexus 7 in a smaller package . on the left is a screenshot of the device at 240 dpi . you will notice we can see a lot more content when the dpi is lower . nothing to do with ppi the other answers mention ppi . the amount of content displayed has nothing to do with the ppi of a device . though commonly , vendors select the dpi that is closest to the ppi of the device . ( e . g . galaxy nexus has a ppi of 316 , but a dpi of 320 , where as nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 , but uses a 213 dpi ) . further reading http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens_support.html
sorry for the stupid answer , but : the galaxy nexus makes everything bigger . for example , the small letter ' a ' can have a width of 30 pixels on the galaxy nexus , while it only has 20 pixels on the nexus 7 . this way , more letters can fit on the screen . the reason why they appear to be the same size ( e . g . 3mm if you put a ruler on the screen ) is , as the others said , pixel density . basically , pixels are bigger , physically , on the nexus 7 . the reason why the galaxy nexus makes everything bigger is so that you can actually use it without keeping it an inch from your face . if the letter ' a ' would have a width of 20 pixels , like on the nexus 7 , it would be too small to read comfortably ( because pixels are much smaller ) .
you have to at least sign in once in the app , it cannot be used without connecting an account to it . now how much the app rely on online data to work , it is hard to tell without actually using it . so far , i have tried it and some informations like appointment and the weather are accessible ( cached ) , but the app warns you that no data connection is available . obviously , you will not receive any update while offline .
it is absolutely possible , as long as you can access the bootloader ( ie . unlocked bootloader ) .
as soon as someone unlock the bootloader ( i do not know if they already done ) someone will come up with a stock default theme rom . you can stay tuned at xda-developers for news about this .
you can try some dedicated apps for this such as : easyshare - adds all sorts of sharing options picasa tool pro - tool for managing your picasa account from the phone .
found the problem . it is not that picasa was not there as a share option , but rather it was not visible . there were too many items installed that offer this intent , and the gallery application does not have a scrollable menu . this is apparently a known bug and it is been there for quite a while so it does not look like it is going to get fixed either . i now use a different application for sharing to picasa .
you probably need to use some sort of 3rd party program like tasker , locale or automateit . these programs allow you to set triggers such as : starting an app screen on/off connected to wi-fi location etc . . . and perform actions based on that , such as : toggle data toggle gps run an app etc . . .
adb kill-server you need to run that from wherever you installed the android tools .
easy playlist editor allows filtering by folder and then saving the matches as a playlist .
here is a program that will supposedly do it . http://androidforums.com/optimus-gt540-all-things-root/436600-easily-resize-system-data-partitions.html i do not know about system partitions on android phones but normally partitions can be resized but it means that you lose everything that partition contains . if the partition contains the os it would mean that after resizing the partition your phone would not turn on . if you are not willing to take the risk i suggest finding a source that says that will not happen . else i suggest looking at the rom apps in the play store ( there are many good ones and they can probably do what you want ) . also how much internal space you have on your phone ? is the system partition the only internal partition ? you can also partition your sd card which makes it work more efficiently . so your phone works faster but you have to do it with a new sd card because you lose everything when you partition it if there is not enough internal storage on your phone that possibly might be something to look into as a solution but i do not think placing a whole os on sd is possible because it would be just too slow , so unless the os has some files it can read from the sd card and you can place them there manually specifying the path , you are out of luck . that is why i ask how much internal space your device has .
this will not change the partition size of /system , but uses another approach : limit the data placed on that partition . so here 's what i did before flashing cm7.2 on my milestone²: download the file to flash . this is usually a .zip file ( otherwise , the following will not work ) open the .zip with your favorite archive manager ( alternatively : unpack to an empty folder ) look inside the /system/app folder of the .zip and remove apps you can live without ( make sure not to remove any app that is really needed by the system , like e.g. the launcher ) . this could e.g. be the calculator , livewallpapers , googleplus etc . copy those .apk files to a separate folder outside the .zip if unpacked to an empty folder , now zip it up again as you removed a lot/couple of apps from /system , flashing will require less space there , and no essential parts should be missing any longer . now if you still want to use e.g. googleplus , you can install it via the playstore ( which should place it below /data , so no prob ) or , if not found there , use the copy created in step 3 to install it manually ( for this , make sure install from other sources is enabled in your settings ) . if in doubt whether a file is really needed by the system itself , better leave it ( or at least ask first ) . but i am pretty sure you will find enough " easy removables " , so you will not need to touch those . before flashing , you could unpack the .zip to an empty folder and check the size of /system ( best : make a " before " and an " after " check ) . it should occupy less than 190mb ( better give it some additional safety margin , say " less than 180mb" ) for your action to complete successfully .
who or how it was fixed as 190mb ? the manufacturers decided that . they probably expected that that size would be sufficient during the expected time they will continue official support for the phone . can the size of partition be increased ? if you are rooted and installed custom boot loader , yes partitions can be resized , although not in a way that will satisfy everyone since it takes space away from internal memory and many people also have exhausted their internal space ; it involves a lot of work to test and debug and since p500 has very little internal memory as well , at some point developers had to decide that it is just not worth the effort . i tried a tool but did not help . after all the process completed without any errors , i still see no change in the size . are there any other ways to do it ? what did you try ? hephappy , a rom developer had commented in xda page as " no space : p500 has 190mb for system partition . " and hence he withdraws the plan of developing jb rom for p500 . is it then a hardware limitation ? pretty much . all newer phones comes with much larger internal memory , you should consider an upgrade if you really wanted jb .
i am doing this through goomanager . first of all , you are rooted right ? also , this might seem obvious but i am going to suggest it anyway : have you tried installing it through cwm recovery ? that seems to be the normal way to install/wipe roms , so i would try that first . see howto : using the recovery . also , your rom installation zip might be corrupt . double check the md5 sum on it , if it does not match , try redownloading it . try another rom , might be a corrupt version of the rom ( if it is a nightly for example ) . if you have any questions or additional details , comment and i will update this answer .
you could start with this method . it is basically just two steps : if you used unrevoked forever on your phone , then flash their s-on tool . flash a stock pc36img . zip from hboot . there is also the ruu method , though i think you had still need to run the s-on tool if you used unrevoked forever ( i do not believe the ruu will re-enable s-on ) . either one of these should get you back to a stock unrooted system .
try out cardio trainer . it is able to record many types of workouts including walking , running , weight lifting , swimming ( do you rely on your water-proof case ? ) , yoga . you can also prepare your own custom routine ( never tried that , but in your case , it might come handy ) .
yahoos settings for android : Yahoo Incoming Mail Server (IMAP): android.imap.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 993) Yahoo Outgoing Mail Server (SMTP): android.smtp.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 365) use auth
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
i had tried all combinations of security settings but crucially it was the ' request sign in ' bit that was needed along with selecting port 465 ( ss l certificates option ) .
i have been experiencing the same problem with a samsung galaxy s2 and a bt yahoo account , namely can receive but not send email . after many unsuccessful variations on pop3/imap and port combinations the following finally seems to have worked : incoming imap server : [imap.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 993 ] [ user name is your whole bt email address . use your normal account password . ] outgoing smtp server : [smtp.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 465 ] ( finally - and crucially - select " require sign in " and use your email address ( username ) and account password as for the incoming . ) this may only be relevant to the galaxy s2
you can not restore a backup made from a higher android version onto a lower android version . this can be seen from the line W/BackupManagerService( 758): Wrong header version: 3 . adb backups should always be restored onto the same version ( or higher , not sure about this ) .
the short answer is no , the baseband firmware is not for public usage ( read carefully , i am referring to the programmatic details of this , i.e. api 's ) the baseband radio is isolated and proprietary and does not " exist " outside the realm of android , rather , its using libraries which are closed source that interacts with the radio firmware . if you are curious to know exactly behind the scenes in how android works with the radio firmware , look at my answer on stackoverflow , it is technically orientated but will emphasize my previous paragraph . and also , for consideration , to be honest , there is a grey area involved in using the gsm frequencies for short band transmission like as in walkie talkies , and furthermore , those gsm frequencies are explicitly reserved for the usage of gsm network traffic , 900mhz , 1800mhz , 2100mhz . another aspect , you may have to acquire a license for this to be able to do so as far as laws are concerned within the jurisdiction of your country . - that i do not know ! edit : radio fm apps that receives radio broadcasts of music , news etc , that is a different story , that uses a fm transmitter which is a s-o-c ; this will vary depending on the chip-set used , so do not get that mixed up either with radio firmware as far as 2g/3g is concerned : ) disclaimer : i am not a legal expert , but if , and this is a big if this is possible , to do this - take heed and consult with your local laws .
open the app My Files tap All Files you may see Device Storage and possibly SD memory card tap either ( or both ) tap Download ( or download ) select files individually , or tap the menu button then Select all tap the trash can icon
its because you accidently cleared the history of downloads from settings . a way to delete those 50 mb is to : 1 . go to My files app default file explorer in your device. 2 . tap on the folder named Download . 3 . your downloaded files are here . select and delete the files you want to . that is it .
the answer to this question will likely vary from device to device because cyanogenmod focuses their efforts on popular devices , and older phones do not get as much love and attention . from my research , success with the pebble also then varies per device ( source 1 , 2 , 3 ) . some people have had success and never encounter a single issue . others have connectivity issues ( not connecting , connection drops , etc . ) or battery draining problems . suggested solutions are : flash a different kernel try any other aftermarket android project ( aokp , pacman , slimroms , paranoid ) conclusion : you will probably need to flash the rom ( s ) and test it yourself . always backup first . copy that backup to an external device , just in case . it more than likely that it will work without any hiccups . if for whatever reason you are not satisfied , then you can always restore to your backup . sidenote : your statement that " cyanogenmod does not include ' features ' which are in the normal android operating system " is incorrect . from cyanogenmod 's about page : based on the android open source project , cyanogenmod is designed to increase performance and reliability over android-based roms released by vendors and carriers such as google , t-mobile , htc , etc . they use the same android source code as any other vendor , except that they actually improve and enhance the android user experience . they do not remove standard features and services . i think of cm as what android should be , but thats debatable .
you can download razr_blade_linux . zip from http://batakang.com/ftp/?dir=droid_razr but i do not know whether its trustable site or not
i am not positive when it was added , but if you open one of the duplicate contacts and edit it , you can press menu> join to collapse two entries into one .
this setting backs your data up to google 's magic cloud . it includes what apps you have installed , and some apps ' settings ( if they are written to take advantage of it ) which are restored when you first sign in to a new phone . relevant quote from the android 2.3 user guide , pg 18: you can choose to back up some of your data , such as your bookmarks , your user dictionary , your wi-fi passwords , and many other settings , to your google account , on google servers . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature . that way , when you need to replace your phone ( when you upgrade or replace a lost phone ) , or if you reinstall an application , you can restore your settings and other data . for information about changing this setting later , see “privacy settings” on page 370 . that setting controls apps ' ability to use this api , which includes google 's apps such as market .
you might need to update the drivers for your device . try to search for drivers on google or the website for samsung mobiles , mainly samsung . com !
if you want to work with adb , the mtp driver is not really relevant . mtp stands for media transfer protocol , and is used to exchange ( media ) files . what you need is the adb driver ( adb stands for android debug bridge ) . i recommend you taking a look at the universal adb driver , which covers most android devices . if this driver does not work , check with your manufacturer 's website for a device specific driver .
i have followed the exact steps from link : samsung mobile mtp device cannot be installed stackoverflow tutorial here are steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
that is the usual behaviour since they changed the export feature some time ago . when you tap an image from the gallery , it opens full-screen but not in editing mode right away . in this view , click the share icon on the action bar ( the three circles connected by two lines ) and choose " share as __" for whichever format you want to export as . after a brief pause , it'll give you a share menu listing apps you can share with , and the top item on this menu is " save to device " , with an icon of an sd card . instead of launching another app to share with , this will just save/export a file in your chosen format .
the easiest and fastest way to move over pictures/albums from your phone to your computer is using a usb cable and connecting your device to your computer . if you have a windows pc , your device should automatically come up . if you have a mac . you will need to download a tool called android file transfer . i will provide you with the links below . anyways , it is really simple . like i said , if you have a windows pc . just connect the device , wait for drivers to load automatically and then open windows explorer : start > run > explorer and browse through the directories on your device , if your albums are stored locally on your phone and not an sd card . you pictures should be under : dcim\media\pictures this may be different depending on the device if you are on a mac . use the aforementioned application . simply download the app , install it , and plug-in your device . once the application recognizes your phone , you will be able to browse the phone 's directories . android file transfer
i think it has something to do with the api demos , as i have searched google for this text , and found this : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/development/+/master%5e1%5e1..master%5e1/ looking at the file it says , its name is " appupdatesspreceiver . java " . it makes sense that very few know about this problem , as this app is mainly used for developers who wish to see what is new on the new version of android , and how to use the new stuff . i have no idea what is its purpose and what it tries to demonstrate - the comment there says " executed when a new version of the application is is installed . " , but it does not seem the case ) . anyway , uninstalling the api demos seems to solve the problem . can anyone please tell me what is this demo ?
try looking in settings -> apps -> swipe to the right until you get to the " all " tab , and then scroll down until you see " sim toolkit " , at which point you should be able to tap on it , force stop it and disable it .
this generally seems to be done as a ' value added service ' in the andriod sim toolkit , as per this question here . however , in this case it may be a cell broadcast . cell broadcast is designed for simultaneous delivery to multiple users in a specified area . whereas the short message service-point to point ( sms-pp ) is a one-to-one and one-to-a-few service ( requires multiple sms messages , as each message can only carry one phone number ) , cell broadcast is a one-to-many geographically focused messaging service . cell broadcast messaging is also supported by umts . if you go to your sms app and go sms > settings > cell broadcast and disable it , this should stop this popup .
try turning off ' cell broadcasts ' under the sms app 's settings menu . ( it was there in my samsung tw rom )
i also see this . i doubt it is the usb connection or the rest of the setup because i can develop and debug for hours with a moto droid connected to the same system . galaxy tab drops out of usb mode spontaneously after about a minute . only way to get it back is to unplug the cable , re-enable usb debugging , and reconnect . one way to keep the galaxy tab connected is to click the entry with its serial number in the devices pane in eclipse whenever it goes grey . that is only a little less annoying than cycling the usb cable and the debug setting on the tab because if you wait too long , the tab disconnects and its entry disappears from devices .
well , i figured out how to get it to stop unchecking the box , though the solution is hardly much less a pain . if you activate the debugging mode , plug in the cable , run your test and then as soon as you are done testing ( or if you are not actually debugging , as soon as the app is installed ) , unplug it , the checkbox will stay checked indefinitely . you are still replugging the device every re-compile , but at least you do not have to keep going back to the settings menu to re-check the box .
have you tried to change the adb connection time-out value ? you can find it under eclipse-> preferences-> android-> ddms
yes mms can send png files . even if they change the extension , it should not matter as long as the mime type is in tact . and even if that is different , the image has a specific " header " that should be read by the mms app . afaik , android does not change the extension , or the mime type . ( at least the stock mms app , and the galaxy s app ) but that does not mean it will work with other phones . they might not have the ability to view the file type .
i do not know how to make the setting stick , but if you are using ics you can easily disable the samsung calendar app - so it will act as if it is uninstalled . you can disable it by clicking the disable button on the app settings page - just above the disable notifications checkbox . once this is done , reboot your device and it will act as if that app is no longer installed !
i have same issue on my s2 . the problem is a conflict between google calendar and samsung stock calendar . the second one overwrite settings of google calendar . only solution is disable it and use google calendar .
restoring across different roms , have you considered the " troubleshooting options " of tb , and e.g. enabled its migration mode , or have it using the system 's own sqlite libs instead of tibus ? all those things are especially for cases as described with your question . so making use of those might end your search for an alternative ; they have always worked for me – migrating from my htc wildfire via motorola milestone 2 to finally lg optimus 4x . if you insist on alternatives , however , i would suggest you take a look at the backup tag-wiki , where you find many of them described . with android 4+ , you could e.g. make use of adb backup ( or use helium backup on your device , which does the same locally ) . again : this and more is described in the mentioned tag-wiki .
this applies to the original htc desire , codename bravo . the instructions have been tested to work on the gsm version of the phone with android 2.3.3 . how to enter safe mode power off the phone . press and hold down the menu button , and then press and let go of the power button , but continue holding the menu button . the phone will power on and start booting . the phone will vibrate when it enters safe mode . let go of the menu button when you get past the htc logo with " quietly brilliant " animation , or when you feel the phone vibrate . you will see the text " safe mode " in the lower left corner of the display if the phone has entered safe mode properly . how to leave safe mode to leave safe mode , follow these instructions . while in safe mode , press and hold the power button until you see the power options menu . tap the option " power off " . the phone will now leave the safe mode and quickly reboot into normal mode . note that it will not actually do a power off . if you want to power off repeat these steps once more ( while in normal mode ) . important notes about android 2.3 and fast boot if you have upgraded to android 2.3.3 then you should have " fast boot " disabled . if fast boot is enabled the phone will not do a complete power off . this has the advantage that the phone boots more quickly . but to enter safe mode the phone needs to be completely off . you can achieve this by either disabling fast boot first , and then powering off the phone . or you can power off , with fast boot enabled , and then take out the battery to disconnect the power source , and then put it back in . then you can enter safe mode as described above . you will find the fast boot option by pressing menu button , then going to settings , applications , and then check or un-check the option " fast boot " . if you have android 2.2 or below , then you do not need to worry about fast boot . you can check which version you have by pressing menu button , then going to settings , about phone , and then software information .
edit : as it turned out , the " a7" and " smart tab 7" are two different devices . these are the instructions for the " a7" -- for the " smart tab 7" , please refer to hele 's answer . instructions for the a7 can be found e.g. at this xda-developers post : download the rom from here copy the downloaded update.zip file to the root of the memory card and then insert the memory card into the phone . power off the phone ( note the battery should be kept above 50% ) press and hold up the volume+ + key sources ( the latter obviously refers to the power button ) continue holding until the recovery screen appears red , then let go select apply update from sdcard ( in the recovery screen , use the volume up key up to move up and down , press and hold the power key to select ) select the file update.zip wait until your rom file gets installed when the machine has completed installing rom file , it returns to the recovery menu . select " reboot system now " . the xda-post also contains two links to other documents , in case this one fails .
i have succeded in rooting the karbonn smart tab 7 and am apparently the first person on the net to do so . in your face karbonn technical dept . . i have been using it only for a few hours now , and it is working fine ( edit : i have been using it for 4 months now and it still works fine : ) - august '13 ) . here are the steps for any other wanderer in the same plight as i was : the first step is a warning to all users , please be aware of the consequences of rooting before doing so . it should work perfectly , but just to be on the safe side , back up all you data . connect the tab to the computer and enable mass storage mode . also keep in mind that the karbonn smart tab 7 has internal memory and an internal storage card . the internal one cannot be used for the purpose of rooting . you need to put in an external micro-sd card . when you connect the device in mass storage mode , the internal sd card 's name will probably be novo7 . download this file and put it in the root of the external micro-sd . put the tab in recovery mode . for those of you who dont know how to do this , switch off the device and hold the volume down and power buttons till is says " android is upgrading . . . " , and then release the power button but keep holding the volume down button . click on " apply update from sd card and select " crystal_root . zip " . it should install . now reboot it and it is done ! ! ! you can check if the rooting process has been successful by downloading the root checker app from the play store . the app is ( obviously . . . ) used to check if the root is accessible . you will also find that the supersu app has been installed automatically . enjoy ! ! ! p.s. please vote me up ( i would love that ) and also thanks to @izzy for giving me a heads up on how this stuff works .
you should contact gameloft . they officially support the acer liquid for that game , and thus should be able to help you ( or at least take a bug report ) . they do not specify which versions of the liquid they support , so it could just be that they have not tested on the metal .
you should call your carrier in the uk and explain that you need to unlock your phone because you are travelling . unless they are being particularly unhelpful a carrier will normally give you the unlock code for that purpose . edit : it looks like the unlock code may be stored on the device and accessible as with many galaxy phones , most easily if you are rooted . check out this androidforums guide .
yes , it is possible to unlock your samsung galaxy 3 ( gt-i5801 ) through online mobile unlock services . i would recommend you to use theunlockarena . com to get the unlock code . you need to specify the imei number . then , they will give you the unlock code through e-mail .
yeah nowadays it is very easy to get a phone unlocked and get rid of excessive roaming charges and get the freedom to change network provider . recently i unlocked my cellphone , not samsung but blackberry , in something like 3-4 hours . lots of vendors can do it like codes2unlock and myphoneunlock , you could try it .
it is possible to unlock any samsung salaxy s or note . just need to generate some codes : nck code network code etc there are tons of paid services but i used digitalunlocking as they are 10 years in business
i can not find a good complete list , but you can always search for the permission on developer . android . com . in the case of read_phone_state , it does look like the phone number can be read .
this blog post tries to explain permission : http://techpp.com/2010/07/30/android-apps-permissions-secure-private-data/ if you really need to know the specifics of each permissions , you can download and grep android 's source code ( it is open source , after all ) . i think that is the best we can do for now .
usually the presence of logcat_cp_boot_radio*.log files point to an issue with the phone 's modem . it is possible that when you first rooted the device you flashed a rom which contained a modem firmware that was either old , or slightly incompatible with your current carrier . besides amassing large amounts of these log files , you would see frequent disconnects and reconnects from cell and data services when the radio crashes and restarts . while you can always keep deleting the log files every now and then to free up the memory , the larger issue will persist . in order to resolve the root cause of the ril crash , you will need to install the proper radio firmware . these differ based on geographic location , and sometimes on the carrier . the first step is to find the modem version that is currently installed on your phone . you can find this information in settings -> about phone , under the " baseband version . " it should start with " i19100" , and then followed by some letters and numbers . the letters represent a geographic location : ce---> belgium , luxembourg , netherlands dc---> thailand dd---> india dx---> indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore , vietnam dz---> malaysia , singapore ja---> south africa jc---> algeria , morocco , nigeria , south africa , tunisia jp---> arabic , algeria , egypt , iran , iraq , kuwait , morocco , nigeria , oman , pakistan , saudi arabia , syria jv---> tunisia , turkey ug---> north america uh---> latin america , the caribbean xe---> bulgaria , estonia , kazakhstan , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine xx---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , united kingdom xw---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , italy , nordic , spain , united kingdom zc---> china , hong kong zh---> hong kong zs---> china , hong kong zt---> taiwan and the numbers represent the version , incremented alphabetically . you should find the latest modem version based on the country you are in , and then flash it on your phone using either odin , or recovery ( must be a custom recovery like clockworkmod or twrp , for example . ) a quick google search yielded this site which contains clockworkmod-formatted modems for the galaxy s2 i9100 variant for various countries . i am not sure how recent it is , but this should start you off in the right direction .
latitude is working fine but i have often observed update delays like you mentioned . there is no way to change the update behavior of the software . on the other hand , latitude has the advantage of having a low impact on battery life when it is activated . another solution that lets share location information is glympse . this software lets you share your location with anyone and the updates are mostly in real-time . for this to work you need to send a glympse to someone and you chose a delay during which the location is shared . the main drawback is the high power usage .
there are a few reasons that immediately pop into my head . available power plays an important role in whether or not latitude updates your position . when the battery is fully charged , you will find an insane amount of updates . when the battery power starts to go down , updates become more infrequent . driving around with the phone plugged in to the cigarette lighter keeps giving me updates around every minute ( with maps in foreground ) . the google maps app is not in the foreground . if the app is the primary thing running , the updates are frequent . settings . see the other response about making sure your settings are correct when it come to updating location . note : after a lot of searching , i found a paper describing that google maps improves itself by having people walking/driving around with google maps in the foreground ( as well as gps and wifi turned on ) . it takes measurements of signal strength from cell towers and private wifi networks to determine location .
if you did not try this already latitude has a " real-time updating " feature since maps 4.6 . to enable this : click on the person you want real-time updates from , on their latitude profile you should see an option to get " real-time updating " . click that and you will get another dialog asking how long you want the real-time update ( 15 , 30 , or 60 min ) . when you go back to the map that that person will be orange instead of blue now .
latify allows you to specify a location polling update interval towards google latitude . it will sync to google latitude using that interval . you can choose to do gps or wifi updates . also runs in the background so you do not need to know it is running . can also store your location changes on your phone ( when no data connection is available ) , and syncup with google latitude when a connection becomes available .
if those do not work for you , there is also backitude
it is not a perfect answer but most note applications should support automatic hyperlink creation with phone numbers . in my case i use colorenote and the process would be " open app " -> " create new note " -> " write #" -> " hangup " -> " click on number " and the call starts . . .
i have a samsung galaxy , and when i am in a call i have the ability to create a memo by pressing the menu key , and selecting the memo option .
i found that number saver is the closest to a solution . it adds an icon to the notification area when on call and will even automatically switch to speakers when run during a call
i was also looking for something like this , but then found out a solution that works for me . while on call , click home button and go to contacts and add new contact . the active call stays in notifications and you can bring it back up anytime .
on my phone ( nexus s ) , all outgoing calls are logged in the call log -- from which you can long-press to add the number to your contacts .
preloading no longer available on version 5.6 and above . source
it looks like there is an issue with the exchange server certificates and froyo . i have found a few others with the same issue : exchange 2007 does not work after ota 2.2 update android 2.2 , frf91 now active-sync is unable to connect to server , all was fine on android 2.1 those links have several workarounds that might solve your problem as long as you can get your it team to help figure out what is going on . i have seen several people mention the the touchdown ( appbrain link ) app is not having any problems . touchdown is an alternative to the built-in exchange sync . it might be the easiest solution for you - though it is a paid app - $19.99 as of right now . qr code for the app market :
unless you want to build a lock screen that is like motorola 's one or find a lock screen that you like from the market , i think you are out of luck otherwise .
does chrome render other websites in their " mobile " formats correctly ? if yes , you had need to correctly configure your website ( probably checking for user agent , and redirecting to mobile site ) correctly , so as to render the mobile site .
generally speaking , the serial number as reported by adb get-serialno will be different to fastboot as determined by : manufacturer make and model of device in question android version fastboot , on the other hand , since there is no adb loaded , instead , it uses a rudimentary usb protocol tied in with the boot-loader , the serial number will be different . is there a way to reliably determine what the fastboot serial number will be from adb ? there is no reliable way of achieving it .
based on your comment , are you looking for these things ? you can either use real android device or lookup existing internet resources to examine the code . p.s. do not ever attempt to use android emulator to perform testing . as it is not reliable at all . html5 compatibility table list desktop and mobile browsers http://caniuse.com/ desktop , tablet , mobile , television and gaming browsers http://html5test.com/compare/browser/index.html mobile browsers http://mobilehtml5.org/ coremob ( www.coremob.org ) : mobile web app profile https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0auihlk0fcwp4defpr1puwhk1qvczcv9xbfatx19cmxc#gid=0 test it yourself ringmark ( mobile browser test suite by facebook ) http://rng.io/
well , i have wound up using alternativeto .netto specify alternatives to a specific browser , and limiting the results to android . it is not perfect , but it is actually very workable . it gives me a list that is fairly comprehensive , gives me an idea of user base numbers , and also includes enough at-a-glance information to help me a bit .
swiftkey is free and works inside and outside knox
i just set up a knox container myself and it seems that it is a secure sandbox environment that does not have access to your regular apps ( any downloaded keyboard included ) or even the play store at all . it has its own knox store , i suppose to keep the knox container more secure . i was able to find a keyboard app for sale ( quickwrite keyboard ) in the knox store but it is not cheap .
after some research , i finally got some details . unlocking a bootloader will generally not change the bootloader of a device . the locked bootloader somehow ensures that the device should boot up with the os that is shipped originally with the device or updated by the vendor officially . locked bootloader puts this as a security measure so that it can prevent the users from installing custom rom 's . when the bootloader is unlocked it will simply provide the booting instructions to the device without checking for the stock rom on the device . the device will boot with the rom present in /boot and /system partitions and thus unlocking a bootloader is an essential step if one want to install custom rom . thus overall , locking a bootloader is just an extra built-in security check and unlocking will just remove this check but will not modify the entire bootloader of your device .
i had the same problem . i fixed it by reinstalling the latest version of kies and deactivating usb-debugging before i connected my phone ( samsung galaxy xcover ) the first time .
before ur usb connect with the computer , go . setting--> application--> development--> usb debugging ( no tick ) open kies connect usb maybe it is work . . . . if still not , reopen the phone . . connect again . . . i hope that it can help u . . . . . also understand my poor eng . . . .
i have same problem , plus i have try some things : debug mode ( off ) then plug debug mode ( on ) then plug plug then debug mode ( first off then on and vice versa ) rebooted phone and pc installed kies , and usb drivers over the past installation rebooted phone and pc unistalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc reinstalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc deleted manually all the kies files , registry entry , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc installed kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc i have try to install kies on several computer , but all are 32 bit ( win xp or at least vista ) actually , my phone has been connected to kies only one time . . . i remember that time it was some of the first try , about a year and half ago . . . then , nothing .
download morelocale2 from the market , then you can change the ui language with a push of a button , without reboot .
android 's language/locale/internationalization support is pretty bad at the moment . i would recommend flashing a us or uk rom on it , which will have the language built-in .
looks like this was a corrupt zip problem . . from linux zip tool you must be using the -0 switch to ' store ' .
i can recommend https://www.dropbox.com/ at the moment i have it on ubuntu , windows 7 , mac os x and also on htc desire hd
i you do not want to use an external location , apps like syncness that sync files over wifi are pretty good .
try using a file explorer like this astro file manager on your phone and you will be able to see all files , photos , vids stored in your memory either phone memory or sd card
if there are video or photo on sdcard you see it to plugin your sdcard on device to can read an sdcard . on htc there are no encrypt of data on sdcard by default
you need odin in order to install cwm without root ( or conversely , you need root to install cwm without odin ) . cwm does not root the phone . you do not need root for clockworkmod recovery , though you do need root for the rom manager app . edit : you can not install unsigned packages with the "3e " recovery , which was part of some official update packages ( most froyo ones and presumably all gingerbread ones ) . this prevents one from flashing a custom rom , kernel , modem , or recovery through the stock recovery ( since they are not signed by the manufacturer ) . the way to get around this is normally to use odin to flash a custom rom or kernel with a custom recovery . i am not sure if flashing a signed update to an older official rom , with the older recovery , would work ; it might say it is older than your current version and fail , or it might just work . i have never been able to try it , and i am familiar with odin anyways .
go for truecaller app . it is the best app for finding name by phone number .
try using google search , works flawlesly on my magic to look for contacts in any way i like , you might need to update latest version from the market
it is because android can neither connect nor " see " ad-hoc networks . there is supposedly a work around in which you install some third party software on your android device , but it only works on a small list of phone models . a quick google search will lead you to the page . sorry , i am on my tab right now otherwise i would link it here . edit : found the link to a similar situation : stackexchange-url
in sd card android-&gt;data folder copy the folder name of the game and paste it in the new device
it is not possible to create a widget that updates that often , because it will suck your battery really quickly . there are many stopwatch apps available in the play store . many of them have millisecond or decisecond accuracy , but i am not aware of any that have an associated widget . these kind of high precision timers should only be needed on a case-to-case basis , so it is not worth it for them to be on the homescreen .
all ota updates reset file permissions , so you will lose root unless you take special precautions . install ota rootkeeper and make a backup of your su executable before applying this update . you will be able to restore your root once update is finished . obviously , since this is an incremental update , you need to have a stock nexus rom . if you deleted or altered some system files , update may fail . i used galaxy nexus toolkit to apply these updates , worked ok for me ( and i kept my root ) .
not even your stock firmwares are 100% reliable , really - i have experienced crashes with the stock android straight from google and built for a nexus . omnirom is quite stable , however . i have currently got one of the nightly 4.4 builds running on my phone ( sony xperia t ) and it is not exhibiting any issues the standard aosp 4.4 is not . at the end of the day flashing any custom software onto your handset is a risk . it is usually outlined to you before you download a rom image that it is possible you might brick your device in the process , rendering it unusable , but if you follow the instructions carefully this is unlikely to happen . if you are not confident in the software , or your ability to successfully install it , protect your expensive hardware and do not flash it .
open hangouts and make sure you are on the conversation list page . choose the menu dots in the upper right and choose " settings -> sms " and there should be a check box a few spaces down for " vibrate " under " notifications " let us know if that works !
check your phones settings > wifi settings , to see if wifi is selected to " always " stay on . if not you can change it to go off whenever the screen goes off . this may help with some of the battery drainage . update : @jmbouffard . - while you are in settings > about phone > battery use , have you clicked the graph at the top ? sometimes only " phone idle " will show but clicking the graph will give you better details .
i know this may look like common sense , but maybe you could simply take a piece a paper and note every single launched application whenever this happens . after 5 iterations , you should have a pretty accurate idea of the culprit . if not , as tim mentionned , you should take a look at the logs to have a better understanding of what is going on on the system itself . ps : using a paper rather than an app would be encouraged , because the notepad app you would be using could be the culprit itself : )
i think this could maybe be because of several things : you have a bad network connection . if you are on a location where there is a bad network connection , your phone will have to try very hard to keep this connection enabled . or maybe that is also possible when you are walking in locations that have a bad connection to the outside world ( in the basements of some buildings for example ) . sometimes if you are using live backgrounds , that drains the battery too . another possibiliy is that your phone is syncing in the background . if you have for example enabled that calendars have to stay synced ( and you have an enabled data connection ) , then your phone will on regular bases connect to the internet for some updates . i do not think ( but i am not sure though ) that this would show up in your task manager . it could also be that something like your gps or bluetooth is enabled , and becomes a problem ( although i think this would show up in your task manager ) i would suggest you have a look at the services that are enabled , even when your phone is in standby mode ( bluetooth , gps , syncing . . )
i faced a similar problem recently on my nexus s upgraded to stock ics . the problems were : connecting the phone to the ac charger would sometimes show the phone to be charging , while the battery level was not actually increasing and sometimes the opposite . connecting the phone through usb to my laptop would allow it to charge , but my laptop used to throw a " unrecognized usb device " error . the battery level displayed on my phone was misleading . for eg , the battery level was shown to be 44% , but when i restarted it , it suddenly dropped to 19% . shutting it down while connected to ac charger would cause it to hang on the shutting down screen till i remove the charger . connecting it to an ac charger while switched off would cause it to automatically turn on . a little research on the net yielded this dicussion on the google product forums . the alleged problem was the pin in the phone 's usb port , and the solution was to bend it upwards a little using a penknife . i was a little wary of taking things into my own hands , so i went to a nearby samsung service center where they replaced the charging connector , and i have not faced any problems since .
check that your charging port is not shorting across : turn off phone , remove battery , and use a pin or similar pirze middle piece in the charger slot so it is central in the slot , as when pushing in the charger it can be moved up or down and cause a short to side , which gives the charging signal on phone . when having it fairly central , replace the battery , turn your device on , and see what happens . this worked for my phone which was driving me potty bleeping for charge etc . good luck !
there is an application running with a wakeup flag . if you were rooted , a simple adb logcat would get to the bottom of it . but what it comes down to is uninstalling that app-- perhaps review the seedy ones ? last time this happened to me , it was a kamasutra app .
i have the same proplem and found a workaround : my nexus keeps switching between charging and discharging while it is not connected . that keeps the screen on - which causes massive battery drain . as a workaround i found a root app to keep the screen off , called screen standby . the cpu is still doing work but at least the screen does not draw power since i installed it .
here are the mirrors i know of . github i know is an " up to date " mirror , not sure about the rest . github code aurora
found it myself : k-9 mail @ google play
note that this is not guranteed to be the case with every update , and may vary from device to device . however , in every case i am familiar with , this has held true . ota/automatic updates ( and many but not all roms installed with a custom recovery ) will generally ignore anything inside the /sdcard/ directory . i keep everything in there and whenever i switch roms or update , that directory stays safe as long as whatever i am installing does not require a factory reset . devices with no physical sd card slot such as nexus , and kindle fires have treated that sort of as the default /home/user/ directory . downloads from chrome go to /sdcard/Download/ by default . music gets downloaded to /sdcard/Music/ etc . . . devices with a physical sd card slot seem to use that as the mount point for an inserted card . you can use it if you have a card inserted - otherwise , it is not available . some devices will be different . as izzy noted , the external sd card can have a different default mountpoint such as /sdcard/external_sd/ or something with /extSD/ . it could realistically be any point that the manufacturer or rom builder decides on . having said that , it is always a good idea to keep your data backed up . i have not had any emergencies , and my data in the directory has never been wiped when i was not expecting it , but it is always best to be safe .
the speed of your device relates to the ram not rom . ram of note2 is 2gb and ram is not expandable . ram is the memory where all your foreground and background process resides . if ram usage in your device is very high , uninstall or disable unnecessary applications . and install a task killer and schedule it in crazy mode at every half hour . it may increase the speed of your system . you can manually clear your ram from task manager . long press home button then tap on left most option which is task manager there select ram tab and tap on clear memory . if you have root access you can use autorun manager to permanently disable unnecessary background processes from startup .
i would suggest , in parallel to your adb backup , to consider some additional backup strategies – especially in the context of " moving to more privacy": use the apps ' own backup features . for the contacts app , this would be the import/export item in the menu appearing when you hit the menu key . as the name suggests , the export created here can be imported at the very same place on your cmified device . consider other specialized backup apps ( no need for contacts , as above export will be fine ) for things like your calendar data , wifi passwords , etc . consider titanium backup for almost everything . this app for one has a " migration mode " for later restore on a different rom , and also supports xml backups for different system data ( e . g . wifi passwords ) . when going cm , you will certainly install a custom recovery ( such as clockworkmod or twrp ) as well . consider making a nandroid backup right after that ( and before installing cm ) , so you have an " image " of your complete system . for your later restore , and if you want to avoid the gapps , again titanium backup comes in handy . i strongly recommend the pro version , and buying it directly at the dev 's site – as that way it will stay " pro " even without gapps and play . it can not only read its own backups , but above mentioned nandroid and adb backups as well , so you could pick even single things from them which you might have forgotten to backup separately . last hint : if you are looking for a gapps replacement , check nogapps . not yet fully ready , but looks quite promising . now , good luck on your way to freedom : )
if your computer is able to recognize the phone while it is in fastboot mode , you are half-way there . you will now need to flash a proper recovery image , and then use the recovery mode to flash a compatible rom . it does not looks like clockworkmod officially supports your version of lg g2 ( d803 ) . the other well known recovery is twrp ( short for team win recovery project ) . there are two different recovery images for d803 - bell and rogers . go ahead and download the one appropriate for your carrier , and save it somewhere on your computer . now do the following : boot up your phone into fastboot mode , and connect it via usb to the pc . open windows command prompt , and navigate to wherever the fastboot . exe program is installed ( e . g . cd c:\fastboot\ ) issue the following command : fastboot flash recovery [path-to-img] where " [ path-to-img ] " is the full path to where you downloaded the recovery image ( C:\temp\openrecovery-twrp-2.6.3.2-g2bell.img for example ) turn the phone off , diaconnect it from usb , and boot to recovery by holding the vol down + power buttons , then as soon as the " lg " logo comes up release them and press and hold them again , and then on the screen press the power button 3 times . you should be in twrp recovery . re-connect the phone to pc via usb , and now adb tool should be working . you can now try to find the cm11 version for your phone , adb push it to your phone 's memory while it is in recovery mode , and then flash it with twrp . i would also recommend performing a complete wipe via twrp to clear out any residual files from your previous flashing attempts . currently cyanogenmod does not officially support the canadian variant ( d803 ) of lg g2 , but some people had successfully modified the d802 's package . this involves extracting a file from the official cm11 zip , modifying it to include the d803 model , re-packing it into the zip , and finally flashing it . a different kernel is also required to be flashed right afterwards , and can be found here ( you will need the aosp based one . )
i just blew into both the port on my tab for charging , and the port on the cable . now , it charges normally again ! go figure !
alright guys , i had the same problem as you are experiencing . when i plugged my tablet to the wall charger it just showed a lightning icon crossed with a red cross , it wrote mtp connected and did not charge . i have read some forums about this problem there are only a few of them . i have decided to reset to the factory settings , since i was desperate at this point , i did not even hope . then i solved my problem just by checking the connection between the box u put in the wall plug and the cable . honestly i wanted to throw it away but luckily i did not , it works fine now . hope this could help you or even if it does not i just wish you good luck with solving it .
i had the same problem until i tried one method by accident . connect the tab with the relevant port . now slowly connect the usb side of the connector to the usb port in your computer ( remember to be slow enough till 50 percent of the connector is pushed in ) . your tablet will now start charging normally using the pc . now you can push in the remaining half of the connector into the slot .
most of the time this problem is being caused by dust , dirt , grime , or some other type of contamination coating one of the usb pins on the inside of the usb port . easiest fix is to blow some compressed air into the usb port repeatedly until the dust/dirt is blow clear . you can also use " contact/control cleaner and lubricant " available from radio shack . remove the phone battery and hold the phone upside down while using the compressed air or cleaner/lubricant to blast the usb port clean . wipe off any residue then re-install the battery . power up your phone and it will now function properly .
the behavior you are seeing is consistent with plugging the tablet 's usb cable into a standard usb port . if you plug the tablet into the " official " power adapter , you should see neither the red " x " on the battery icon , nor the mtp scanning update . the tablet will only reliably charge ( and thus no red " x" ) when plugged into the special wall adapter , because the adapter is modified to deliver a higher current output than a computer 's usb hub or a generic usb power adapter will deliver . when the tablet detects that it is on a standard usb connection it displays the red " x " on the battery icon as the tablet may not gain battery charge as fast as it uses it ( the tablet 's screen and network connections together can drain more than a standard usb connection can supply ) . the mtp scanner is the media scanner that runs when the tablet thinks it might be plugged into a computer . i believe this is so it can quickly copy media off to your desktop , but i am not sure on the details . basically , its another symptom of using a vanilla usb port . see this question for more details : how much power does a galaxy tab 10.1 charger need to supply ?
try the free os monitor by eolwral . you can see every physical or logical network interface with associated ipv4/6 and mac addresses as well as total rx ad tx . also has open connections and more , pretty awesome app for free if you ask me .
netgenie lite can do that .
android comes with ifconfig , install terminal emulator and type " ifconfig eth0" , or use " netcfg " to list all available devices . you need root to use ifconfig though .
the captivate does not have a front-facing camera , thus no self-shot mode . you will have to turn it around and try to tap the on-screen button without seeing it to take a picture of yourself ( or use a mirror , etc . ) .
it removes the app 's entry from the /data/data/com.android.vending/databases/localappstate.db database : i am not aware of it making any other modifications to the filesystem ( it does not touch library.db insofar as i can tell ) , but it is possible that there is some other magic behind it .
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
i do not have a tv paired with my youtube account , so this is really just another setting to look at . go to your youtube account : https://www.youtube.com/account click on the connected tvs option at the bottom of the left hand menu . if available , disconnect the tv from here .
actually the new whatsapp update provide user to hide the last seen stamp . in Settings-&gt;Account-&gt;Privacy you will find option to hide . but if you enable this option you cant see other peoples timestamp too
it all depends on which version of whats app you currently operate in the previous versions of whats app you had to block a specified user in order to avoid your last seen , display picture be seen from an annoying person . if you have been blocked by a person then after few days you will not be able to view their dp as well as last seen . but now in the latest update whats app has now provided more privacy settings . hide display picture -if you select this option then urs as well as other display picture will be hidden ( i.e. your dp will be hidden from others as well as you cannot view other 's dp as well ) . hide last seen -if you select this option then your last seen will not be visible to anyone as well as you cannot see other 's last seen . how ever if you are not sure then better wait for few days ( 1-2 ) after which you can yourself identify whether you have been blocked by some person or its your settings .
if you can not see " last seen at " stamp it could mean you have been blocked , but if a contact has blocked you , you should also not be able to check the updates to the contact 's profile picture and you will no more see the second check mark ( "message delivered" ) in the messages you send to that contact , whatsapp will only print the first one ( which is for " message sent" ) . if you do not see any of these indicators there could be many reasons : whatsapp is vaguous on this point for privacy policy , i.e. whatsapp will not let a contact be sure you have blocked him . in your case , you have probably encontered a temporary effect of this .
i have the same issue with my samsung vibrant . i just started dropping bookmarks before " pausing " and resuming from them .
i am using the default movies and player that came with my galaxy s ( at*t captivate ) without this error . it may be possible that there was a timeout ( how long did you pause for ? ) . you may also want to try the doubletwist video player to see if it resolves your problem .
my t-mobile vibrant ( samsung galaxy s ) just received a ota update from t959uvjfd to t959uvji6 . it appears that this may have fixed the problem you are describing . it no longer is a problem for me after this update was installed . it is also mentioned at the xda-developers site along with other changes that were included in the update .
if their is not an option to select a set of folders . i am assuming there is something about those folders like big attachments ? or to sensitive to be on a mobile device ? my best advice to you would be to move the folders in question into an archive and set up a rule to automatically sort your mail into that . you will never see an archive folder on your phone , so job done . hope that helps .
as far as i can tell , no , there is not a way to configure where sent mail is placed using the imap email account on the galaxy s iii . there may be a 3rd party email app that can do this , but not the stock one on the s iii . as suggested in the comments k-9 mail does what you want .
easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
alas , that is not possible . at least not without reflashing the htc 's partition table ( which happens to be in the bootloader section , aka . hboot ) . there is seemingly no modded hboot out there for the explorer . i only know of repartitioned hboots for the htc desire . reason : /cache is backed by a separate block device on all android devices ( i.e. . mount-point or partition ) , it is needed to hold firmware update files ( e . g . definitely needed for encrypted phones ) . so if you move it , there is no gain because that partition will still be there and not free up space for the /data partition . in case you shrink the /cache partition , ota updates will not be possible any more ( you had have to use a custom recovery to do it ) .
you might want to take a look at directorybind , which was developed for things like this . it takes care for the user-configured " mounts " at boot-time and also on-demand , so nothing should " disappear " on a boot . basically , it is intended to map things from internal/phone storage to external/sd storage -- especially for cases like yours , were internal memory is running low . note : according to ce4 's answer , this method will not bring any profit concerning the /data folder , as /cache is using its own partition ( this seems to apply to all android devices -- checked with 7 different devices from 5 different manufacturers ; according to ce4 this is especially needed on encrypted devices , as an unencrypted partition is required to store firmware updates onto for execution ) . so if your concern is increasing storage on /data , this will not do with /cache . but if you simply need more space in /cache , it should be perfectly fine . you could then use the original block device ( where /cache was pointing to ) for something else ; ) note2: afaik google playstore uses /data/local to buffer its downloads . on most devices , this should only be a directory on the /data partition , and thus could easily be handled by directorybind . additional hint : check with the df command from within a terminal whether the directory you want to move from internal to external storage is using a separate partition or not .
i had the same problem , but we might have different phones . for me , the reason why i never see my apps moved by app2ds is because my sd card is partitioned so that app2sd would be able to see only that part of the card , and my computer cannot see the partitioned part . whenever i unmount my sd card to switch it out with one i have music on , i just have to restart the whole phone afterwards is all .
this sounds like a case of a vital hidden folder that you are missing - when apps are moved to the sd-card , a hidden folder called .android_secure is created which is where the apps are stored in ! this is a common mistake to make , when replacing a sd-card for a bigger one , so the moral is to ensure , when transferring to a bigger sd-card , do not forget the hidden directories including .android_secure . upon restart after inserting the bigger sd-card , android will re-scan the card and proceed to look in that specific hidden folder , for any apps that are moved to external storage and loads/caches the shortcuts for those respective apps .
try pressing the power button for > 30 seconds . if it does not work , try to alternate power sources ( pc/laptop usb port , and ac adapter ) while repeating step #1 . still no go ? you may have to remove back cover and reconnect battery . warranty case . ( source )
go to menu> settings> apps> all> google framework services> clear data again do the same thing with the play store app . reboot your tablet and check it . see if you can click the install button on pc and if the apps are pushed onto the tablet .
swype has something that they call the " editing keyboard " , which pops up a d-pad , arrow keys , cut/copy/paste keys and other stuff . you can access it by swyping from the swype key to the num key .
i do not know if a preloaded version of swype can be updated with a beta or not , but beta . swype . com is the starting point for downloading the swype installer , which will then download the actual swype keyboard ( you must register on beta . swype . com first ) . swype also has user forums , this page lists their samsung-specific boards . i took a quick look under the epic section and did not see anything applicable , but you may find more on a deeper search .
handcent should let you send more than 10 messages at once . it has a nice interface for selecting multiple contacts too . i have not tested this ( i do not want to send 10+ people a random text : ) ) .
if you are constantly sending group messages you may want to check out some of the group apps for android . groupme - creates an independent phone number for the group to text for those without data . - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.groupme.androidfeature=search_result disco - a google owned or backed group messaging app - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.disco.androidfeature=search_result
i think you 1st press volume button then power it up keep pressing voulme button untill it shakes . . in my galaxy gio i do this for bootinh to recovery mode .
it is not clear whether you had flashed cwm 's recovery ( through boot image ) . if you had done , you have to press vol up and down while powering on . if not , you do not have a recovery mode at all . you have to flash it using fastboot as described in cyanogenmod 's how to install cm in sony xperia mini pro .
if you install a alternate launcher , the first thing you will see is a difference in how the home screen , widgets , ( maybe lockscreen if it has support for that ) , and the app drawer appears and works . afaik that is the only changes you will see from changing the launcher regardless of what rom you use . but one thing 's for sure - depending on which rom you get , the experience will change very little or a lot .
each launcher has its own default appearance which will vary . unless you tell the third party launcher to import you stock launcher settings and icons it will not have any customizations and you will need to set up the screens yourself . the look and feel of each launcher will vary greatly . i use nova launcher on my s4 since i despise the stock samsung launcher . the screen transitions , default layout , and many other options are customizable with a 3rd party launcher that you do not get with stock . so , the experience can vary greatly depending on the settings you change in the chosen launcher . nova has many settings i did not bother to change but the ones i did change make a huge difference in the interface and experience from the samsung touchwiz launcher . you should not lose any benefits of a rom by using a 3rd party launcher but you may not need the third party launcher depending on the rom . one feature of many 3rd party launchers is the ability to backup and restore your home screens . for this reason alone they are worth it . particularly if you like to flash roms frequently . it can save a significant amount of time and agony if you do not have to reset all your home screens after each flash .
try changing it in Settings-Security-Shortcut settings . try changing the icons to something different than they currently are . if this does not work try a factory reset . i have a y511 as well and i am trying to get the unlock symbol to be at the right ( 3 o'clock position ) .
you could get a mic/speaker splitter cable , which separates the input and output of the phone 's jack into separate jacks for mic and speakers . then use the mic port to run a separate microphone to your dash or steering wheel column .
as far as i know , swype only comes in two sets : full ( all languages ) and a english/spanish set . however , there is a hidden feature : you can swype from the swype key to the q key to switch between your current language and the last language you used .
if the swype developers do not put the options you want in the app then the only way to accomplish what you want is to get your hands on the source code and make the changes manually . this would be quite a trick , as swype is closed source . i also would not recommend modifying the . apk that they have released ( is there even a way to decompile . apk 's ? ) as your results could vary widely between " swype stopped working " and " i have somehow bricked my phone " . bryan 's suggestion will definitely help you if you happen to switch between two of those three languages most of the time , but unfortunately if you cycle through all three pretty regularly you are going to have to stick with using the menu selections .
as far as i can see , there is no software limitation , and google 's page on it says nothing about that ( https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/2812516?hl=enref_topic=3416342 ) . however , your phone 's hardware may not be able to support that , for instance my nexus 4 gets very hot with only one computer connected , and it will also be slow as all connections have to be routed using the phones limited processing power .
i do not think directly . there are , however , several apps in the market that seem to let you view a webcam connected elsewhere by url or ip .
well , the one click root method requires windows . you could try running a windows vm in ubuntu ? but you can also do it manually .
i have a t-mobile g1 running 1.6-donut . i rooted it this weekend from my ubuntu laptop . here 's what i did : install terminal emulator from the marketplace ( i did not end up using it , but it is good to have ) installed the android sdk on my laptop ( actually , i installed it six months ago , but that is not the point , is it ? ) downloaded universal androot from this xda forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=747598 used adb install to install the universalandroot . apk -- the command will be something like adb install /home/amanda/Downloads/UniversalAndroot_1.6.1.apk ran universal androot on my phone once it was installed . rebooted my phone then i had root . i installed the busybox installer from the marketplace ( note : there is a $0 version but donating is nice , too ) and used that to install busybox . note that i was not able to install busybox ( you install the installer from the marketplace , but then you use that app to install busybox itself ) until i would not only unmounted my phone from my laptop but actually pulled the cable . my phone did not want to re-mount the sd card with the cable in . ps . the relative " fanciness " of a proprietary os is debatable but also offtopic .
i think you should re-read the related question . this is likely down to either os services or apps left running in the background . i suggest you try something like taskkiller or the taskmanager itself and check which apps are still running in the background . even if you think you have not started any , it is likely that the device managed to launch some sync services before you stopped it from syncing .
use an app such as " better battery stats . " this app provides detailed information about all the services running . this is way better than the stock app for diagnostics . additionally , a lot of the core services for the system are attributed as part of the " android os " . there is a very particular bug in samsung galaxy sii devices relating to the touchwiz calendar that keeps doing a lot of unnecessary checks which prevents the device from sleeping properly when the screen is turned off . this causes a huge drain in battery life . since the touchwiz on an sii is very similar to the one on a galaxy note , you might have the same inherent bug . these links might give you a better idea http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1316003 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1383929page=5
i am using samsung galaxy r for more than 5 months . such a wonderful device , of course the issue is battery life . i have tried many of resources no use . i did factory rest 2 times still no use . after full charge it is draining suddenly to 45% in 4 hours ( there was no 3g , wifi , gps ) . i was totally frustrated , finally i got a chance to read this forum . there i started to think about gps wake lock , finally i found the solution go to settings , location and security , and disable " use gps satellites " ( make sure your connected to internet ) then try to observe . now please be noted my observation below , from 1am 99% to 6am 97% ( fone was in sleep ) from 6am 97% to 6pm 85% ( normal use ) . try this , if it is helping help others to get away from the frustration .
no . once it is factory-reset or even flashed , the android device manager is no longer able to find it . background : android device manager uses your google account to communicate with the device . moreover , you have to explicitly enable it on the device . once factory-reset / wiped / flashed , all that is gone .
i think the sgs2 has a newer version of touchwiz than my original sgs vibrant , but hopefully you can still customize those icons . i do not have my phone on me but i believe t the process is : open the app drawer press the menu button select " view type " choose " customizable grid " press the menu button again choose " edit " exit the app drawer ( return to the home screen ) you can now drag icons off the dock and drag new ones on
your best bet would be to go with either launcherpro : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.fede.launcher my personal favorite , or adw : https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adw.launcher both provide customization to the dock ( set of icons at the bottom ) , number of homescreens , transitions , app drawer effects , as well as custom themes and widgets . note : there are free versions of both , but the paid versions add more features . while you can cover up some of what samsung has done , things like the notification bar and lockscreen are not affected by these apps . in some cases rooting and/or installing custom roms would be required to manipulate them .
update.zip are never touched by android . inside that archive is a script that is parsed and interpreted by the recovery runtime . the recovery , at execution , opens the archive by unzipping into a temporary directory , reads the script , aptly named update-script , analyzes it , and based on the syntax , executes a function known to recovery , that function may do the following , to name but a few : mount /system and other filesystems , and perform read/write file operations including , copying the kernel , or , an apk or even formatting a partition etc check the build.prop for certain properties , such as device , manufacturer , etc print display to the screen , progress information etc it is pretty much a de-facto standard incorporated into android open source project ( aosp ) clockworkmod , twrp are derivatives of the barebones version that resides in aosp with additional enhancements , such as touchscreen input .
i do not know of an app that can do that , but it would be easy enough to write one if you already know java . you can get started with programming android by reading the guides and documentation on the official site for android developers . do remember that once you have started programming , you should ask questions about that on our sister site stack overflow , which has a lively community of android programmers . this site is for questions written from a user 's point-of-view only .
you can also write a script shell for android . you just need an app like script manager that can run your script periodically . you can read value from the kernel like on a " vanilla " linux : the actual battery capacity is stored in /sys/class/power_supply/battery/capacity .
there is a tool on google play called batman , which collects battery status information in the background and stores it into a csv file on sdcard . that done , you could use sync tools like e.g. foldersync to have the file uploaded to your linux machine in regular intervals , where you can have it processed by any tool you prefer . another variant ( a little more tricky ) could be using tasker to create the data : tasker offers the variable %BATT to give the current battery level in percent . it also supports things like http_post , so you could have tasker post the current battery level in fixed intervals , and let your server do the rest ( see the tasker userguide for details ) . note : tasker does not come for free , it is about 5 bucks . but you can download a free 7-day trial at the homepage for testing .
yes it is possible to enanble and disable the phone 's key gaurd ( phone lock ) depending on various context 's ( example , when in office ) i have personally setup my phone to do it . my setup uses tasker ( a paid automation app in playstore ) to identify if i am in office using an approximation of my phones gps location co-ordinates and then i use secure settings ( a free plugin for tasker ) which has the capability to enable and disable the phones key-gaurd note - system settings will require root to be able to toggle the keygaurd .
sure . if you use automation app like tasker , you can make your phone to disable screen guard , if it detects you are in your office . detecting your location can be achieved in many ways . you could use any wifi , if it can be used as a reference or rely on cell id , defining a radius . please see a guide aptly named as location without tears . it explains the various ways with which the tasker can identify your location . it goes more explaining the pros and cons , the trade off between the battery life and accuracy etc . i use tasker in my mobile to reduce all volumes when i am in the vicinity of my office . i did this by creating a profile and choosing the State as my first context . in the next screen Select Phone Action i selected Phone and select Cell near option . this brought up the following screen : when i pressed scan tasker started to log near by cell tower 's id . i left it for a while and walked around my office so that it will gather maximum ids . i initially thought tasker only retains last eight ids , but when i exported the profile to xml , i could see many entries . hence the more time you keep it scanning and more walk around you make , more will be probability of successfully recognising your location . well that is only half job done . i then assigned an action that the tasker can perform when this profile is active . there are two kind of tasks - one is called entry task and other is called exit task . i used Keyguard action to switch key guard off as entry task , which will fire when this profile is made active . i used the same Keyguard action to swtich the key guard on as exit task so that when this profile is deactivated .
no , since your model number differs - meaning you have a carrier bound device - roms meant for standard i9500 devices will not be suited to your device .
i have found out more about this variant ! hopefully this helps people in my situation . this device is on a canadian network called wind mobile . the model m919v can use the same roms as the t-mobile variant , which is m919 . i have flashed cyanogenmod nightlies on it , it runs awesome , and even for a nightly it is very battery efficient and stable . strongly recommend it to anyone . i had to use ouhds instead of clockworkrecovery ( they re the same things though ) . it still goes through odin , but you will have to follow the instruction online . there are a few sets of instructions that can be found through google . these are the instructions i followed : http://droidviews.com/2013/root-and-install-cwm-recovery-on-sprint-galaxy-s4-sph-l720-and-t-mobile-galaxy-s4-sgh-m919/ *i am not responsible for any damage you cause to your device , just sharing my thoughts/ experience .
i had this problem . look for a tiny hole underneath or on the back marked " reset " . use a cocktail stick or similar sized object to press the reset button and then reboot .
press " fn " button and " f2" and " home "
well , now you can remove the unwanted apps from your market website as well as from the market history . all you have to do is delete from your all apps list . goto your play store app and select My Apps then swipe the screen to your left to see the ALL apps list . just click the crossed circle icon ( pointed with the green arrow ) to remove the desired app . make sure you have uninstalled the app before removing . you can uninstall the apps directly from the all apps list as well . note : it seems that this list only contains market installed apps . ( i.e. . apps other than user installed .apk apps )
if you want them removed from the market app list of previously installed applications , you will have to clear the data in settings -> applications -> manage applications -> market . to get them to not show as installed on the market website , i would think that this will " clear " once your device does a sync and then the site processes that sync . you have no control over how the website shows applications that are installed . i would say way a few days and if they are still showing as installed , you can try contacting google about the issue .
edit : this answer is outdated , please see sid 's answer i reported this to android team , and got this reply : hi , thanks for writing in . i understand that some apps are still showing on your account even after being uninstalled . keep in mind that all the apps you download will always show on the android market website for history purposes . uninstalled apps will be removed from the android market app on your device after a few days . regards , the android market team so , that means they will never go away from the android market website . . .
i think rooting is required . try after rooting ur mobile then u can open the app
i use airdroid . it works pretty well for most things like sending messages , transferring files and calling , and you do not have to plug your device into your pc .
this also annoyed me . my language is hungarian , a hard-to-translate language . for example google translated the " loop-device " to hungarian as " rotating-device " , which is a different thing . i think it is a really bad idea . the app , which does not have the user 's native language built-in and the user does not speak any language of that app , then that user will not be able to understand and use that app normally . also 9 of 10 translations are not understandable . so after that beginning i solved my problem . i installed xposed and that appinfo module . than i changed the language setting in the appinfo for google play . lastly i cleared the cache of google play . and voilà ! all in english and i can understand everything !
three methods available , depending from where are you accessing google : google play app usually uses the language defined on your device settings : tap your device " home" ; tap " settings" ; locate " language and keyboard " and tap ; under " select language " you can define the language for your device that is also used by the google play app as to present you the information on your language . accessing from a browser : the google play store sets the language by your ip address , you can update that definition by changing it at the footer ( it will persist ) : for all google products : from gmail , you can access your account settings and set the language that you prefer for google products : login to your gmail account ; on the top right corner , click " account" ; on the left vertical menu , click " language " .
basically the size of an mms message depends on : the size that the operator can handle ; the size that the phone can handle . from wikipedia : although the standard does not specify a maximum size for a message , 300 kb is the current recommended size used by networks due to some limitations on the wap gateway side . there is no definitive answer to this subject due to the dependencies mentioned above . you can contact your operator and try to get a more accurate answer from them . alternatively you can always test ; )
short answer : the maximum size for mms is rather carrier-dependent , and usually is set to 300kb . for your second question , you might want to check manually edit your max mms size limit . another interesting source might be what is the maximum mms file size that i can send from my mms phone ? more details : as for changing the limit , there are several consideration to be taken . sure one can alter any limits , but usually there is a good reason for their presence . as zuul pointed out ( see comment below ) , you may then be able to successfully send a message of , say , 1mb size -- but that does not necessarily mean the recipient is able to receive ( let alone read ) it . consider the 300kb limit as " smallest common denominator " between your phones capability , your carriers capability/configuration and the receivers capability . so if you are pretty sure what you are doing ( say , you know your phone can handle 500k at least , the recipients phone can do so as well , and both your carriers support it ) , increasing the limit might enable you to exchange mms up to 500k with that recipient -- while failing to do so with others . to me , this was never a question . if i need send some message , i use email . it is cheaper than mms , and works between phones and pcs and macs and . . . exception : the recipient has an " older phone model " without email capabilities . but then chances are good it cannot handle mms either -- so i have to stick to 160 chars with sms telling him to lookup his mail : )
since you make a reference to both java and adb in your question it sounds as if you are familiar with both . just have your java application as a wrapper to perform adb system commands . using the system commands to adb , you could use the same java program ( adb wrapper ) to check for the installs and actually perform the installs . you can replace the " pm list packages " with any of the adb commands do perform your intentions . this is the java class you can use . of course your java application can search the return ( response ) string for the apps you want to verify .
you can find your answer e.g. at github , and details in the developers documentation : adb shell 'pm list packages [options] &lt;FILTER&gt;'  prints all packages , optionally only those whose package name contains the text in . options : as you can see : unless you specified the -u parameter , pm list will only show installed apps . filter the output for the package you want to deal with . if the output is " empty " , the package is not installed : adb shell 'pm list packages' | grep -x 'com.foobar'  should output nothing if com.foobar is not installed .
clear dalvik-cache , and you are done .
some vendors set up their phones to reinstall system applications at boot in case they go missing . try finding a directory that contains a copy of the apk that is used to reinstall it , and delete it from there . a simple alternative solution is to freeze the unwanted apps rather than uninstalling them . titanium backup and link2sd can help you with that ( both require root ) . in ics+ , there is also a user-accessible mechanism to deactivate apps from the settings menu .
sounds like you are stuck in a bootloop . if you backed up your phone before you flashed the release , reflash that image . if not . . . well try reflashing the rom release . if this still does not work , flash an older version of cyanogenmod , or your phones stock , factory rom .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
i am one of the co-founders of heyzap . i wanted to clarify a few things and see if i could help . firstly this is not intentional in any way . heyzap is an in game ad network and those ads should only be showing up in the game developer we directly work with . the problem is caused by a faulty integration either by the developers or due to an old sdk , this is pretty unusual and we have not seen many reports of this . the game must be running in the background and calling our ads to show . a quick fix is to identify the game that is running and causing this and uninstall it . from looking at the process list the only two potentials i see are : net . mobilecraft . football and net . mobilecraft . realbasketball . if its easier for you , can you share your android id with me and i can ensure that you do not see any ads from us . " lost temple jump " has never published our ads as far as i know , so is unlikely to be responsible . as action points from us : we are going to look in to putting more protection in our sdk to prevent this . we are going to talk to the developer about updating their sdk and not showing ads when not in the foreground . this initially seems like it should not be possible in android but something for us to investigate . i am sure this is accidental on their part too .
is it possible that these games root my phone and started to insert heyzap banner to every other app ? no , rooting requires user intervention , there is no known method of stealthily rooting without the user 's knowledge/permission . the moral of the story is : boycott all forms of air-push like notifications and post a 1 star review for that app that caused havoc - temple run app - iirc there was bogus versions on the playstore , i remember reading it on reddit is android subreddit about this . read the permissions listing on what the app requires , if in doubt , check the reviews , and google around a bit possibly , using reddit is android subreddit and ask in there or androidapps subreddit for other 's opinions , someone will be bound to give you a pointer or two . . . to put yourself out of misery , do a factory reset and wipe the cache/data in order to " regain control " . you will lose your data in the process .
perhaps the app you uninstalled was not the one responsible for the ads . when an ad appears , immediately go to the settings app and look in the list of running apps to see if one of those is suspicious . try force-closing it and see if the ads go away temporarily . alternatively , as you have the development tools installed , it might be useful to examine the device 's log from when the annoying dialog appears : if there is any relevant log output , you will be able to see what app it is coming from .
go to system setting and language and input . ( i also have cm11 but in bam rom which includes many other roms )
yes it is possible to do that , but you need to write your own logic to sort the names . considering plain standard english , the sorting is done using ascii/unicode values , and a-z and a-z come in a sequence , where as the other alphabets like å , ä or ö come later . so when you use apps that are not specifically targetted for anything other than standard english , you have the problem you are having right now .
this is strange , and is most certainly a software issue . it could be that , for some reason or another , chrome ( or another background app ) took up all the available ram , which caused the os to crash - it could be a built in safeguard that the device boots into safe mode when this happens . as well as this , safe mode ( on my old device at least ) , disables all 3rd-party apps ( so you can debug , and see if an app is causing the issue ) . i would suggest you check your ram usage , and maybe do a clean wipe if it happens again .
currently , you can side load the flash player on a 4.1 device . meaning you have to download the apk file and install directly from the device , or with adb . there is no guarantee that flash will work at all in the future . not only is adobe dropping flash support for android 4.1 , no new installs for any version of android will be allowed for the flash player app from google play after august 15th . i hope that this actually means that adobe is moving closer to making flash " export " to something that modern browsers can all run , like using the html5 canvas . flash on android has always been pretty limited . it is only real use was for playing flash video , anything else i ever tried to use it with was buggy and laggy .
download jellybean 4.1 adobe flash player apk from xda-developers , if you wish to install it manually . read through the information there first , and install at your own discretion .
i found the following but i do not think this is a definitive answer though it looks close to what i need , secure end-to-end encryption with no chance of snooping/sniffing/mitm . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/off-the-record_messaging#phone_apps i was not fully aware of otr though i had heard the term used elsewhere but did not know the full implications . i think otr is what i am looking for . still looking for further input though .
if i am understanding correctly , the google+ app sounds like it has the functionality you are looking for . within the app , press Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Instant Upload and turn the feature on . this will upload them to google+ to a folder only you can see , and as google+ and picasa albums are the same , they will be available on your picasa account as well !
according to page 36 of the nook user guide , the nook supports fonts with latin character sets . other font types can only be viewed if they are embedded in the document . extracted from does nook support chinese/japanese ? you might also want to take a look at this workaround : font changes
the contacts is actually an app , hence as other android apps store it is data , this app also stores in a sqlite database . images are part of contact data and are spotted in database . it is stored in /data/data/com . android . providers/contacta/databases/contracts . db
the remaining storage is used for the operating system ( android ) itself . you can not free this space and put the operating system into the external card as it will not be possible to boot/switch on the phone . the micromax a116 comes with a 4 gb internal storage in which 1 gb is partitioned for android apps including the operating system . the remaining storage is for user use and you can store data by opening the file manager . source : i am a micromax a110 user and an app developer .
since you are using cyanogenmod , this may be the case with your device and it is an issue with the ril part of your device . this is a bug that needs to get reported to the developer of your cyanogenmod builds
there is nothing wrong with it . its the expected/correct behaviour of a freshly installed rom that does not have google apps ( gapps ) installed . thus , the telephony/wifi signal will show up as grey . its only when that google apps ( gapps ) are installed , then it will show up as blue , this is for ics upwards . in gingerbread , if no gapps is installed , and there is wifi connectivity , its white , when gapps gets installed , it changes to the typical green that is known under gingerbread . to resolve this , please install the appropriate gapps suitable for your cm10 rom . edit i am under the impression that gtalk application and service is part of the gapps hence my comment below to izzy about this . . . and seems to backup the fact that if gtalk service is not present , the signal colours do appear different .
for me the wifi signal turned gray and i was unable to connect to all google apps like playstore and gmail . i found out that it was because i installed freedom app and uninstalled it . so i installed it again , and in the app settings i clicked the check-box where it says " do not install playstore updates , " and uninstalled the freedom app again . now everything was fixed ! ! ! do not install freedom app ! it messed up my phone luckily i was able to turn it back easily to the state it was before .
i tried to reset phone , clearing cache , data but it wont work but now i have a quick solution on this issue and grey wifi becomes blue in some minutes . all you need is " rooted phone " 1 . install : root explorer grant supersu permission to root explorer mount root explorer into read/write ( r/w ) . go to system > etc > locate " hosts " file in etc folder . edit hosts file using root explorer insert the symbol # before the second set of ip address numbers then save the changes and exit . reboot your phone . . . wifi icon will be blue as you start your phone back and some apps like google play store , keep , etc will be start as normal . thanks .
@jules answered his own question : ( . . . ) there is a pairing mode to put the headphones in the first time you use them with the phone . i assume i must have done that when i first got the phone , but i have no recollection of it at all ! all working fine now , so many thanks .
if its connected to your computer and the usb connection mode is " mass storage " , the sd card cannot be used by the phone . you may like to change the connection mode by pulling the notification bar from top and selecting " charge only " so that it does not mounts the sd card and it remains usable by the phone while it is connected to pc .
try inserting another sd card and see if the problem continues . else , copy all the data fro , the sd card onto your pc . then , format the sd card and see if the phone recognizes it . if it does , copy back the data . also toggle the usb debugging mode - android settings > applications > development and see if it helps .
since android uses linux as kernel /dev/kmem exists . it is a virtual character device file that is an image of the main memory of the computer . you can simply dump it with cat /dev/kmem &gt; file  but only as root .
android does not do that ( nor do ios and others ) . imho it is not smart to automatically try to do such a thing . it is just a coincidence that your credentials are the same for both those very different things . exchange credentials and vpn credentials should really be not the same to begin with ( for obvious security reasons ) .
i would say it is expected behavior . i mean , the big " delete " button in the gmail web app tosses the whole conversation to the dust bin . you have to dig a little deeper on the individual message to delete it out of the conversation . ( also , unlike the web app there is no option to view individual messages like a classical e-mail client . ) by the way , have you downloaded the latest gmail app from the market ? there are quite a number of significant improvements over the stock app .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
do you already have the application installed on your phone ( installed via eclipse ) ? if so i expect the exported apk is signed with a different key to the version already on your phone . android will not allow you to ' update ' an app if the signing key is different . un-install the app and try installing the apk again . if it still fails it may be that the exported app is corrupt in some way .
you can try installing the apk without your sd card . sometimes , the sd card causes that problem .
see my answer to a similar question - the problem is that within the bluetooth ad2p profile ( for stereo quality audio ) android phones are not designed to be a " sink " ( a receiver of media ) only a source . you are right in that this is a limitation of the bluetooth stack on your phone , but so far the info i have found says that trying to alter the stack comes with moderate amounts of pain and compromise . perhaps you are more adventurous than i ?
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
i did some research and was not able to find any way to do this on a stock device . however here is a link for you root users that allows you to remove the stock emoticons and replace them with standard ones , i am sure it will let you do other emoticons as well .
my guess is that this is a carrier problem . when the amazon mp3 app recently updated it had a warning message to contact sprint if there was any stuttering with the music since sprint 's network does not work well with streaming audio . i have not had an issue yet so i removed the notice otherwise i would post it here for you to see . it is only a guess though so since i am basing this completely on what i read in that notice from amazon .
this would be related to your data network speed rather than the application . try to test it with a wifi connection and see if that gets you better audio .
i am going to go out on a limb and say that the htc hero does not have enough cpu to handle the audio codecs . you may have some success rooting it and overclocking the cpu , but it'll shorten the life of your hardware and void your warranty .
it may sound really strange but the real issue was the corporate policy of mounting the the unencrypted drives as read-only . this is specific to bitlocker and there is a registry workaround available .
from what i have found on the internets is that there are a lot of people that have had issues like this with the desire hd . they all said that either formatting the sdcard in windows , or even using windows 7 to " verify errors " solved the issue . before you format , you can copy all the content off the sdcard , and then place it back after formatting .
cat is a very bad idea here . if you really want to make a backup on partition level , rather take a look at dd . what you probably want to do is something like dd if=/dev/mtd/mtd0 of=/sdcard/mtd0.image  for more details , you might want to consult the dd man page . remark : i am not sure whether the dd shipped with android supports the full list of options , so you might have to try out .
install avast . enter its firewall section ( requires root access to work ) and allow/deny apps in roaming column ( wi-fi and home cell access will be untouched ) . avast 's firewall provides two modes : block selected and allow selected . choose any as per your requirement . use my data manager if you want to track data usage of individual apps . it has dedicated roaming section . it can help you in creating firewall rules or lowering data usage of important apps .
give a try to onavo count - it can block certain apps to use only wifi , cap data usage , provide alerts on data hogging apps , has widgets and more . link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onavo.android.onavoid overall , it is a very handy app for data management . it also comes with a companion app onavo extend to save on data usage : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onavo.android.onavoics i would also suggest to keep data turned off as a pre-caution , and turning it on periodically - even if you use onavo . settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and tick off the " data roaming " checkbox . enjoy your trip !
not without a rooted device ( or uninstalling/freezing the other apps ) . if you have a rooted device , you can control each apps network access e.g. using a firewall app like droidwall or even a more complex security solution like lbe privacy guard . both would allow you to say which app ( s ) may access the network via wifi and/or mobile network -- so you could even let them all work while connected to the free wifi provided by the hotel . if you are not rooted , but your device runs at least android 4 . x or higher , you could alternatively ( temporarily ) " freeze " ( i.e. . disable ) all apps which should not use the internet .
you should see them . this is what i see . the first picture if the menu you should be clocking :
i had a similar , if not exactly the same , situation . in my case , in the limited settings menu there was an item labelled " google account " which listed multiple accounts . as soon as i chose one of those accounts all of the normal settings menu items appeared .
ad-hoc mode used to be supported in the cyanogen roms , it is not in the stock images afaik . depending on your application , you might use wifi direct but i think it is a different api ( rather than just behaving like an ethernet segment ) and it does not cover all the uses cases that ad-hoc does .
wifi direct is not wifi in ad hoc mode . wifi direct ( p2p ) is build over soft acces point and make one of the device as " mediator " ( call group owner ) . i had the same issue for one of my dev . wifi direct is very interesting for dev betwenn many device without acces point but it still a application client/server
while you can solve the ad-hoc wifi connection issue , i think your bigger problem is on the application level . all standard messaging applications do use some sort of a server to send the messages . without the internet access you would have to set up your own server and at this point the ad-hoc wifi issue becomes a moot point - you will still need some infrastructure ( the server ) to be able to send the messages - why not the wifi access point then ?
ad-hoc is not natively supported by android . but starting with android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) , a new feature called wifi direct was introduced : wi-fi direct , previously known as wi-fi p2p , is a standard that allows wi-fi devices to connect to each other without the need for a wireless access point . this allows wi-fi direct devices to directly transfer data between each other with greatly reduced setup . ( source : wikipedia ) support for wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi , for more reliable , higher-speed communication . no internet connection or tethering is needed . through third-party apps , users can connect to compatible devices to take advantage of new features such as instant sharing of files , photos , or other media ; streaming video or audio from another device ; or connecting to compatible printers or other devices . ( source : android . com ) to me , this looks like what you are asking for : directly connecting two android devices via wifi without the need of a " mediator " .
as i wrote in an addendum to my question , the issue was user error stemming from the less-than-obvious way the android os file system works . everything visible in the file system is under a top-level ( the real top ) directory called " sdcard " . thus , file:/// urls only work for paths like file:///sdcard/foo/bar . i will add with questionable relevance that if you have not installed the app " airdroid " , you should . i found it while looking around for answers to a related problem .
your phone might be connecting to the wi-fi network using a static ip ( thus knocking off whatever device is also using that same ip to connect ) , go to advanced settings on your connection and choose dhcp , that should fix it .
i also had this issue . i am using lg gt540 . when using default lg home screen , i can change the lockscreen wallpaper . but if i use any other launchers the option is not there . now what i am doing is : i will switch to lg homescreen just for changing the wallpaper and then will switch back to launcherpro . you should do something like this . i know this is not the answer you are looking for ; i am just giving you some hints .
make a backup uninstall the amazon copy install btep from the play store open titanium backup and select your btep backup . as long as the app is installed at the time , it will give you the option to restore data only :
( in order to comment as opposed to answer one needs 50 reputation points . ) unable to root my device i relied on a digital camera and edited to reduce byte size and to crop image to the screen . take pictures in dark to reduce reflections , use a consistent setup to avoid misalignment . ( only a few devices on gingerbreadwill takescreenshots . )
yes the min requirement is gingerbread . it is not possible on lower versions .
you can find a folder which is writable by the adb user and put arm binaries there . i recall that /data/local/bin is such a place . then you can include that folder in the path variable . you can compile your own binaries ( i do not know how and even if i did explaining that would probably fill a page or two here ) or grab them online . take a look here , you can find a lot of useful packages . if you like to play around in the command line , and you know what you are doing , you could consider rooting the phone . that would make it possible to install busybox easily into the /system partition , and allow more to play around with in general .
one of the problems you may face yourself with is that certain services that run in the background ( tasker , google location services , etc ) may quit unexpectedly . other than that , i think that there are no other problem with limiting background apps . edit : what you selected makes it impossible for apps like i mentioned above to stop working . it will not be possible for gmail , for example , to update you on your received emails .
setting this option forces android to stop each process as soon as it is empty ( that is , when no services are started and no activities are on screen for that app ) . to be clear : this option will not stop apps that would normally run in the background from doing so . your mail client will still run periodically to check mail , if it is configured to do that . apps that use google cloud messaging to receive push messages from internet servers ( such as gmail and facebook ) will still be able to do so . the option would be better named " cached background process limit " , since it limits apps that would otherwise show up with that label in the apps manager . next time each app needs to start , android has to load the app from storage , from scratch . this uses more power and takes longer than running it again when the process was in memory . this does not just mean when you start an activity from that app deliberately ; it also means the email client has to be loaded afresh each time it wants to check email . over time this can build up to a huge battery drain . because this is a development option , it can also trigger rare bugs in certain apps , and those apps ' developers may not be keen to fix them . one example is that , on nexus devices running 4.2.2 , when this option is on , the in-built calendar app will keep restarting itself with this option set , because stopping the cached background process causes the calendar 's content provider to be removed , which causes a loop of services restarting each other to check for calendar updates . if this happens , the loop will run down your battery very quickly .
android has built-in formatting capabilities that are usually available via Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Format SD card ( or something similar depending on the device you use ) .
summing up from the comments : with busybox , android provides tools for formatting from the command line . in your case , this would be /system/sbin/mkfs.vfat . this is reported to sometimes throw an error like : mkfs.vfat: lseek: Value too large for defined data type  according to this xda thread , this is the fault of busybox . using a different version ( as reported in post #12 of that thread ) should solve the issue -- and did it in your case , luckily .
stock android does not offer ability to disallow apps use of specific permissions . at install time , once you agree to accept whatever permissions the app requests - you are stuck with them unless you uninstall the app . since you are rooted , you can try using tasker to automate enabling of gps only when using certain apps like maps , and disabling it when the app exits . this way you can keep gps disabled , so that facebook and any other apps do not automatically lock in on you . also , the cyanogenmod 7.1 custom rom does have this feature . here is a step-by-step installation guide on installing it on your milestone . in cm7 , on the manage applications settings , when you tap on any app you can tap on any permission to revoke it ( it will get crossed out . ) tap it again to undo the change . keep in mind that although apps usually handle absence of internet or gps permissions gracefully , some more basic permissions ( e . g . writing/reading to/from sd card ) might cause the app to crash or become unstable .
an app like permissions denied ( requires root ) can help with that . it says it does not work on every device and rom but there are other similar apps that might if this does not do the trick for you . generally you could also unpack the apk , edit the androidmanifest . xml file to remove permissions , repack everything , and install that modified version . i am not sure if it works for signed apps ( are there encrypted apps ? ) though , i can not currently find the guide i had read to do this . it may also be against the terms of use and so on , so make sure you know and take responsibility for what you are doing : )
similar to permissions denied , mentioned by matthew is lbe privacy guard which also allows you to selectively disable permissions for apps . also good for disabling geo-tagging on your photos as well as preventing facebook and/or twitter from broadcasting your location .
very simple : ) goto settings -&gt; Personal -&gt; locations and turn off gps satellites worked for me
well , for the moment i am not coming up with any solution , so i have up and bought chromemarks . i went for the pay version because i really wanted to manipulate the bookmarks on the device . if you just need to see them on the device , then the free version ( chromemarks lite ) does a fine job . i have no idea what the real problem was , but it was worth $1.99 to me to have it solved immediately ( especially since the browser 's built-in bookmarks can not be viewed in any kind of list mode - just the icon view ) .
go to samfirmware get your original firmware from there and keep the selected file in pda option in odin . do not tick any other option ; just put your handset into ' download mode ' and connect it to pc . when odin displays ' connect ' , click on ' start ' and wait until it starts flashing then ; you will be able to use your phone .
i would not use a stock app to do this . i have tried using the stock app to do data managing and it is really not that great . here is a great app that will do fine for your situation : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobidia.android.mdm it is free of course , so nothing to lose . here is their youtube video if you want to just check it out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=5u_9bcjedq4
have you tried a profile management app like swip , tasker or condi ? these should give you more control over your wifi schedule . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=at.fhhgb.mc.swip https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=il.co.kix.minitasker
most of us are experiencing the same issue , sometimes in home there is no packet data , only city areas we are having great connectivity , this is because of heavy network traffic , load on serves which they are not able to transfer to another base station , if you observe carefully at peak hours your network will be down as between 6 to 10 . . . it is not device fault it is most probably service provider/mobile company 's fault and indian govt . . due to poor devices/setup less satellites for telecommunication and more number of peoples in one network
it is not your device problem , it is airtel 's problem . airtel . in website was on off because of server down . and the problem you are facing is very common , as i am also suffering from that and here some more . i would suggest you to disable your data connection whenever your network circle is changing . like while you are travelling . but the solution of this problem is nowhere and can be solved by airtel only . fyi : i have a vodafone sim too and it is working perfectly .
i have set my phone to english ( united states ) , but then i also customized date and time to use italian format ( dd/mm/yyyy ) . numbers do not seem to be customizable , plus some apps ignore date and time settings and use the ones from the main language , or allow to specify a format .
you can set the date and time format in the settings ( system section ) -> date and time .
someone should back me up on how this works , but . . . apps you have installed are synched with your google/gmail account , and will download upon initial sign-in to your new phone . my droid just recently broke , and i was close to the upgrade time , so i got a droid 2 global . i know , of course , my contacts and calendar are synched with my google account , however so were my apps . the verizon rep did not touch my old phone , yet all my apps began downloading as soon as i signed in for the first time . also , to my surprise , my cyanogen background also showed up ( i was running cyanogenmod 6 when my original droid died ) . so , in theory , this should also work for you . verizon uses a proprietary tool called backupassistant that normally takes care of synching most things on your phone , but i specifically deleted it as i do not want my info backed up to verizon . i believe the app sync is built into your google account .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
matt has a first-hand experience with accidentally having google backup all his applications : cancel all market updates/downloads at once
if you are getting another of the same phone running the same firmware then you should be able to use titanium backup , pull the backup to your computer , get the new phone , install ti backup , replace the backup files from your computer , and then run batch restore of your apps . i have not done this before , hopefully others will have more input .
the only issue with titanium backup is that your phone needs to be rooted . if it is not rooted and you are not prepared to root the device , then a suitable alternative would be to use my backup pro : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rerware.android.mybackupprohl=en http://www.rerware.com/
yep . firstly , unless you have downloaded pirate apps ( by which i mean you have downloaded each and every app through the play store ) , the downloaded apps will be in your ' purchase history ' for the google account ( does not matter whether you have actually spent money on the app or got it for free ) . when you undergo initial setup on a new android device and after entering your email address , you are normally given a choice to download all your previous ' purchased apps ' . however , just to be on the safe side , you should make a backup of all your existing apps through a backup utility ( dozens of them on the play store ) . this has the additional advantage that ( depending on the utility ) you may also get all your old app data too . if you use the first method ( the one with the initial setup and email address ) , there is a probability ( depending on your sync settings and the apps ' readiness to backup to google ) that your old app data will not be available to you .
yes , gps does need a clear view of the sky . however , that does not mean actual gps implementations have to rely only on gps signal to get its location . most actual gps implementations ( including android ) caches last known location and uses wifi/cell positioning to get position information even when there is no gps signals at all .
i think it may depend on the gps chip/software on the device . i rarely was ever able to get a lock if the sky was filled with clouds , and when i am in a city with skyscrapers , my location jumps all over the place . but i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and even samsung admitted that there were some issues with the chip/software on the galaxy s devices . even on a clear day , it could take up towards 3 minutes to get a gps lock , and that was after i rooted and tweaked the gps settings , before that , it would take 5 - 10 and sometimes i would not even get a lock .
gps uses radio frequencies between 1 and 2 ghz ( l1 signal at 1.57542 ghz and l2 signal at 1.2276 ghz ) . these have to get through for gps to work , which is not the same as visibility . for example , my gps ( garmin etrex legend hcx ) gets a fix on the top floor of the house , below the roof made of tiles , insulation and drywall . it does not get a fix on lower floors , where there is too much concrete and steel in between . btw , i had a motorola defy for a while , if i remember correctly it also worked , but had a much lower precision , sometimes it was hundreds of meters off .
if you are syncing with google already , most of that will automatically be synced to the new phone when you enable google sync on it .
if you are rooted , use titanium backup . you will not be able to restore some things , since the nexus one and htc magic have some very different system apps , but most should carry over . after backing up with tb , copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ to your pc . then on the n1: install tb , copy the folder from your pc to the same location on the phone , then run tb and restore . if you are not rooted , it is difficult to back up most things , especially all at once . i would rely on google 's backup for your list of apps and that sort of thing , as the other answer suggests .
if you are not squeamish about rooting your phones you could use an app like titanium backup . just root both devices install titanium backup on both choose the apps you want from your magic and back them up copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ from your magic to your nexus one ( this is the path used on my droid , it may be different on your devices ) load titanium backup on the nexus one and load the backups
for the sms messages , see this previous question : how do i backup and restore sms messages ? out of the suggestions there , i have used life saver 2 successfully to transfer all of my sms and call history between phones very easily .
go to Settings -&gt; Developer options and under the " debugging " section tap on the Revoke USB debugging authorizations option . keep in mind that it will remove all of the devices you are authorized , and you will need to re-authorize them again .
you can backup data in an app 's /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; folder by using android 's backup function . adb backup -noapk com.app.packagename  you will now be prompted to ' unlock your device and confirm the backup operation ' . the resulting ' backup . ab ' file on your computer contains all the app 's data in android backup format . use adb restore backup.db  to restore the backup .
i could think off two possible alerting devices like : a bluetooth enabled watch - which when paired with the phone can display incoming call alerts and can even vibrate . being a watch on our hand its vibrations can not go unnoticed . casio has one ; amazon has few bracelets ; sony 's liveview are few options . to wear a bluetooth headset always so that the ring can be heard . if that looks like working for fbi : ) there are jewel kind of bt devices like this one .
free methods to unlock samsung galaxy ace are not safe , they may cause permanent damage to the phone . to unlock your phone safely and easily , you can use unlock codes . you can get the unlock code from your service provider or from online vendors like superunlockcodes . com .
yes , as with many of the galaxy devices it appears that the unlock code is actually stored on the device and easily accessible ( as long as you have root access ) . this xda post should guide you through it . note of course that it might not work and you could brick your device by rooting , in addition to voiding the warranty . in my experience the galaxy devices are hard to brick and unlikely to be problematic .
i have done lots of reading and it is possible to unlock the phone for free . but personally not being technically minded i did not feel confident myself , so i sent my phone to a guy on ebay who did the following for a reasonable value : unlocked rooted installed a better rom ( looks like jellybean on the galaxy s2 ) and also , fixed my low memory issues using appstosd .
have you checked whether the network is broadcasting its ssid ? if it is not then your phone will not find it and the network will not appear in the list . you can enter the network details manually by going into the wi-fi settings ( under wireless and network on my 2.1 phone ) , then clicking add wi-fi network ( at the bottom of the wi-fi networks section ) , then entering the network 's ssid . if you are already doing this and the network is not being added , it may be that the router has restricted the client devices that can connect to it . in this case you will have to use a client with an established connection and modify the settings to allow your phone . you can typically add the mac address to a whitelist . you can typically find your phone 's mac address under settings -> about phone -> status -> wi-fi mac address
this website has some audio hacks for some phones ( looks like htc phones ) . also it may not work on android 2.1+ . you have to rooted to use this .
i use apndroid ( also available in the marketplace for free ) . you can easily turn data on or off with the press of a button . add the apndroid widget to your home screen to easily turn data on or off .
just kill the apn connection settings . somewhere under settings . and there is actually a switch for mobile internet . disable that as well . worked like a charm for me . if you can not find it , add the power savings widget to your home screen , it has that option
if you want to use data some of the time ( sounds like you might if you are running a twitter app ) , i would second jonathan 's plug for apndroid . once you have installed it , longpress on your screen and select " widgets " to place the apndroid widget on your home screen , and you can turn data on and off . the other really handy widget is " power control " which is nominally there to give you control over your power consumption but functionally lets you turn bluetooth , wifi , gps and background syncing on and off . wifi should not be using your minutes at all , though . you should be able to use it instead of the 3g network .
on my galaxy s , you can hold the power button for a second and a menu will come up . just hit " data network mode " to deactivate it . you can reactivate it the same way . if you do not have that , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks and uncheck data enabled or use packet data or similar .
i am unsure why linux does not typically require a specific adb driver . however , there is a " universal " windows usb adb driver that works with most android devices . it was developed by koushik dutta ( koush ) , a famous android developer who works on clockworkmod . it should work quite well for you . download here : http://koush.com/post/universal-adb-driver
as others already responded , in linux there is common usb driver , which adb uses . it seems that in windows there is no common usb driver , so adb uses the " provided " driver - different for every device/manufacturer .
chor waichun mentioned this on a locked question you posted on stackoverflow : i have seen somewhere stated that this behaviour is because both android and linux run on same kernel , and same situation goes to developing android on mac . both os runs in very similar os kernel with android , that is why they do not need any drivers . these are just something i remembered seeing from other threads , can not give 100% sure update #1: the android site also mentions this : if you are developing on windows and would like to connect an android-powered device to test your applications , then you need to install the appropriate usb driver . . . . if you are developing on mac os x or linux , then you probably do not need to install a usb driver . to start developing with your device , read using hardware devices . update #2: there is a comment on stackoverflow regarding libusb . i think this may be the reason why linux does not need additional drivers . actually adb under linux accesses usb devices using libusb without any specific kernel driver . also adb has a list of vendor ids which it is allowed to use , but this does not explain the problem in question , because vendor ids for both phones are the same . and in case of permission problems due to missing udev rules adb devices clearly shows “no permissions” in the list , so this is also not the cause of this problem .
its difficult to find the problem without the device . but you can activate the debug mode ( preferences-> applications-> development-> usb-debuging ) then you can start eclipse . open the ddms perspektive and there logcat . perhaps you find there the buggyapp .
some people are reporting success by simply wiping data and cache first , then flashing the rom , wiping cache again , then flashing the gapps package . thread on the cm forums here ( from cm 6.1.1 , do not know if it is a related or similar problem , though ) . the flash might not work on a 2 . x release of cwm . you can get 3.0.0.5 here , but i do not know how stable it is right now . the filesystem changed to ext4 in gingerbread and i know the 2 . x releases are not really supported on other devices . they also changed from one update scripting language to another , which i think is related . it creates generally weird behavior from what i have read . . . edit : also looks like you can get cwm 3.0.2.8 from the cyanogenmod forums now . some relevant discussion can be found on xda here ( from the desire hd section ) . edit : since bryan noted that this solved it for him in the comments : it is also possible to simply push the apps manually onto the system partition . the safest way is probably to boot into recovery , then just mount /system as rw and adb push the . apk files to /system/app . you probably could do it from a regular boot ( not in recovery ) but it might cause some weird behavior ( and i have not personally tried this ) .
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
this is not specific to android . all battery powered devices ( ones with the built-in charging ic ) have this " feature " .
this must be specific to some devices/kernels as i have just tried this and my nexus 7 2012 briefly showed a " charging " battery animation before the screen going off - device then stays off . my htc one x did not show any charging animation , or power on but is showing the charging led .
on my desire with insertcoin 1.1.0 ( cm7 + sense ) the " smart scroll " feature is only active on the scroller for specifying the appointment time in the calendar .
are you rooted ? and if not , you need to factory reset your phone to remove it .
here is a good description , on how to do this . to cite the main facts : if your phone is not rooted if your device isn’t rooted , the only thing you can do is perform a hard reset on the device . you can normally do this under settings > privacy > factory data reset . doing this will wipe all data and settings from the device . unfortunately , if you really need to change the main google account , this is the only option unless you gain root access . if your phone is rooted navigate to the /data/system directory . tap and hold the accounts . db file , then select rename . rename the file to accounts . db . old to make a backup of the file . restart your android device . once the device restarts , open an app that requires a google account such as market , gmail or gtalk . you will be prompted to create a new account or login using an existing account . that’s all there is to it .
i believe i had a similar problem . i just bought the moto x on verizon . i linked 3 google accounts to this phone ( including my wife 's to sync our calendars . ) the phone chose my wife 's account as the primary so when i sent text messages they would be sent from my wife 's google account . solution : i went into the google+ account app , logged out of her account and then the phone asked me which one to log into . problem solved to change my primary account without factory reset .
for me , tapping menu → show more icons / show less icons ( this should be " show fewer icons " , but w/e ) does the trick usually .
are you using the stock launcher ? clearing all data from your launcher app should sort of reset your app . you can try that from settings -> applications -> ( launcher app ) and then hit the " clear data " button . you will lose your homescreen settings preferences . also , you can try using a different launcher like nova launcher or go launcher . this should solve your issue .
there is a rather large number of speaking clock apps in the android marketplace . specifically , the " speaking clock " app seems to do what you are after , and it is free .
i solve this on the nexus 5 using tasker with autovoice plugin . once you get both installed , add a profile that reacts to the " autovoice bt pressed " event with the action for running the activity for google:voice search ( long clicking on the google search app and selecting voicesearchactivity from the activities presented .
to transfer files you can try airdroid . but it is free only when the device are on the same wifi network . access via mobile data is limited to 100 mb/month . for video streaming , you can try emit . the free version puts ads on your stream and you can stream to your phone even when not on the same network , but you will need to mess a bit with ports .
download and install toshiba bluetooth stack ( do not forget to reboot ) right click toshiba bluetooth icon in the system tray and choose " option " turn on " pan " service and " dhcp " option . open terminal ( press win+r , then entering cmd ) . go to the toshiba installation folder ( similar to this ) : cd "c:\Program Files (x86)\Toshiba\Bluetooth Toshiba Stack" and rerun the pan service by entering : TosBtPSS.exe /END TosBtPSS.exe /NAP then you can share the internet by using ics , bridge network or 3rd party nat in windows such as nat32 . i also wrote a bluetooth reverse tethering tutorial .
requirements : rooted android device with " usb tethering " capability . windows pc with a working internet connection . usb cable to connect your android to your pc . terminal emulator on your android . if you do not want to type commands on your touchscreen with terminal emulator , you can use your pc keyboard to enter commands with " adb shell " . adb is a part of android sdk which is available for download from google . to use adb , you need to enable " usb debugging " on your android . optional , busybox on your android . step 1 : connect your android to pc by usb cable and enable USB tethering windows will automatically search windows update and install driver for you . you can skip windows update search and install manually an already included driver from microsoft . in install driver window , click Browse My Computer, then Let me pick... , select Network Adapters , uncheck Show Compatible Hardware , look at Microsoft Corporation at the left column choose Remote NDIS Compatible Device from the right column . you can also install or update a driver from device manager in windows . step 2: open Network Connections in Control Panel . right click on an internet connection that you have . select Properties . in tab Sharing ( or Advanced for windows xp ) , click Allow other network users to connect through... , then select the usb connection in dropdown list below . click ok . windows will automatically setup your usb network connection and assign to it an ip address , default for windows 7: 192.168.137.1 , default for windows xp : 192.168.0.1 . you can see your internet connection is now " shared " and your usb connection is now Unidentified network . your pc setup is now done ! step 3: open terminal emulator on your android . type : su netcfg rndis0 dhcp  ( the name for usb interface inside android may vary . it is usually rndis0 or usb0 . type busybox ifconfigto identify the name . when automatical dhcp method does not work . type : if route fails , try : busybox route add default gw 192.168.137.1 (192.168.0.1 for Windows XP) dev rndis0 dev rndis0  some applications ( download in google play , gmail , facebook . . . ) do not recognize internet connection . you can try this way enable temporarily 3g connection on your android and type ifconfig rmnet0 0.0.0.0  ( the name for 3g interface inside android may vary : ppp0 , rmnet0 . . . type busybox ifconfig to identify name ) source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2287494
you can certainly do this . try wifi hotspot creator . if you use linux look at this article . sorry for the long link . i am using the mobile version of my site . there should be a view classic desktop version of the site . basically it takes your ethernet-connected laptop and turns it into a wireless hotspot router . this is not the ad-hoc method , it is actually hotspot . android cannot connect to ad-hoc networks due to their configuration . the real ways i have suggested also work for android . http://www.gymforgeeks.net/apps/blog/show/41086916-make-ubuntu-a-wireless-hotspot-not-ad-hoc-
at least one partial solution for those who can not root and want to use another messaging app . go to the settings of the stock messaging app and turn off notifications , now only the messaging app will notify you when a new text message arrives . without rooting ( and most likely removing the messaging app ) there is no way to replace the stock one if it is protected , but at least with this solution , it will stop bugging you !
one word . root . i would suggest rooting as a solution to your problem . here is documentation for how to root your cdma hero : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=581577
you can simply set it in handcent and it disables the other one all together . in handcent just click : menu -&gt; settings -&gt; application settings -&gt; default messaging application , and set it for both sms and mms . there you go . i think android does not let you unset it because then nothing would be set . it is up to a new application like handcent to set itself as that .
the default applications that you can clear in the " manage applications " view are for uris ( urls , file extensions , . . . ) only . you can not set the default sms application by this . there is no way to set something like the default sms application on android explicitly . there are three approaches to switch away from the stock sms app to another one : install the alternative sms app and disable notifications in the stock app . little drawback : the sms messages will still appear in the stock app . at least handcent and gosms provide a feature that blocks " duplicate messages " , which prevents the sms from show up as " duplicate " in the stock app inbox . drawback : other apps , that are also listing for incoming sms messages , e.g. because they trigger some action when magic word appears in the sms , will not work either . root your phone , uninstall the stock sms app and install another one . i suggest you go with the first option . technical background : as i sad before , you can not set the default sms application on android . that is because incoming sms are propagated by the system with an so called intent broadcast . every app can register for this sms intent . so if you install a second sms app , both apps , including the stock app , will receive the sms ( via the intent ) and put it in their inbox . apps can also abort the intent broadcast , which is exactly what the " block duplicate messages " option in gosms and handcent does . but then no other app that wants these intents is able to receive them .
i came across an application that eases this pain and does the required superbly . the app is called default app manager . you can clear you previous defaults as well as set new ones . probably this could be useful .
i just went into settings in handcent app and found a setting in thier that made it the default app .
there is an xposed module that does this , it is called activityforcenewtask . assuming you are rooted , install the xposed installer , install the framework from within the app , reboot , download the module , enable it , reboot again .
absolutely . if you have synced your android device with your google account , your contacts would automatically show up on google / gmail contacts . if all your contacts are saved as " phone contacts " and not " google contacts " , however , they will not be synced . you need to export the phone contacts and then import them into google contacts . it might be helpful if you adjusted your settings from within the contacts app to automatically save new contacts as google contacts instead of phone contacts .
that is two questions in one -- it would have been better to separate them . if you execute an action which has multiple apps as options -- such as e.g. tapping on a music file in your file explorer when having multiple players installed , andoid initially asks you for the app to use -- and lets you chose to make it the default . worked fine for me with the cubed player . this requires the " additional " app has a corresponding " listener " established as poweramp does , in your case . after an app has been selected as the default , you can easily reverse that choice . look under system settings / apps / all ( sweep tabs to the left , if all is not visible ) . select the clear defaults button ( near the bottom ) on the app info page for the android stock music player ( google play music in my case , unsure if that one is your android stock player ) . if it asks for confirmation , confirm yes . the next time you search for and select a local audio file , you will then be offered the opportunity to choose your preferred player app ( enable the use by default for this action checkbox , if you wish ) . you can exclude locations from being scanned by the media scanner by placing a file named .nomedia within those directories . the media scanner will then exclude this directory from its scan , and thus contained files will not make it into the library . you still can chose manually to play them by e.g. looking them up with a file explorer .
assuming you upgraded your galaxy 5 to android 2.2 , you can do the following : to sync and see calendars from both accounts : a . if you already added your other gmail account , skip to step c . b . add your second gmail account under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync -&gt; Add account -&gt; Google and follow directions there . c . tap on the newly added account and make sure the " sync calendar " option is selected and exit out of settings . d . open up the calendar app and go to Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars expand the newly added google account , which should show you all of its available calendars . keep tapping the button to the right of each calendar until both icons are enabled , and the text under the account name reads " synced , visible " , and tap the ok button . e . you should now be able to view the second calendar 's entries in the calendar app ( or any app that accesses google calendars . ) any events you create on your phone via the calendar app and assign to a gmail account will automatically sync to your online gmail account . instructions for sharing your google calendar with a friend can be found here .
this is at best a partial answer , but i believe i have collected some pertinent information . i am the author of that other question you link to , and my goal is exactly the same as yours : use the nexus 5 with a projector with vga input only . you distinguish between vga adapter and converter , which is part of what i was asking for in my question , and from the answer i got i thought there is no such distinction . especially after i noticed that this hdmi-to-vga product , which in the description claims not to need an extra power supply , actually does have a micro-usb port to get power , and many customers comment that it only works with extra power , i assumed that the difference is a matter of marketing . in the ( german ) product description it says at some point " adapter " and at another point " konverterkabel " ( converter cable ) . i still do not know whether there is such a difference . if there is , i would assume that an " adapter " merely makes an analog signal which is somehow hidden ( ? ) in the hdmi available , while a " converter " actually contains d/a circuitry . i had a look at the " slimport to vga adapter " from analogix but did not buy it for the same reason you give ; moreover , the description mentions " lg g2" and " lg optimus g pro " , but not the nexus 5 . the analogix website also shows an " hdmi/vga combo adapter " , which appears not be for sale yet . i sent an email to analogix requesting clarification , but they did not reply . in the end i decided to buy the " hdmi adapter " from analogix and the hdmi-to-vga thingy linked to above . the first works perfectly , but the second does not work at all , at least not in combination with the first . i tested it using a projector and two different monitors , and in all cases there was not even a sign that a signal was received – with or without extra power . i will send it back , but i do not know which other product to try next . a possible explanation why it does not work would be that the native resolution of the nexus 5 of 1920 x 1080 ( full hd ) is too high for a vga connection , or for the respective device . since the nexus 5 has no hdmi output settings , i used the app " screen settings " ( needs root ! ) to change the resolution . this appears to work on the device screen ( apparently scaled up again to the screen 's size ) , but does not change the fact that vga output is not recognized . strangely , if i connect to a monitor via hdmi , the monitor still reports an 1080p input signal . this might be a quirk of my monitor , but it might also indicate that the changed resolution only affects the software side but not the signal . i am not sure whether hdmi supports arbitrary resolutions , but i think there should be at least 1080p and 720p . another possible explanation is that the hdmi output is " protected " by hdcp , and a " legal " hdmi-to-vga converter will not simply strip the hdcp , thus just disabling output for an encrypted input . according to this thread on xda-developers , hdcp is activated by default and for all content on the nexus 10 , and the only way around it is to install a custom rom . i suppose the same holds for the nexus 5 . i made a post on google 's product forums about this , the chances for getting an answer might be slightly larger if more people favorite this and/or chime in .
in your google account dashboard view , in the andoid device part you can see which applications stored someting in the android backup service , for my account , beside the standard android wallpaper , android system settings and android market i have some " dragon , fly ! free " data ( a game ) .
the command ' fastboot devices ' shows only the devices it can access properly with fastboot protocol . check if you have sufficient rights for accessing the device ( either do it with root or add aproppriate udev rules ) . check if you really started the device into fastboot mode
i found a simple but amazingly effective workaround solution : any . do for android . install it from google play . how it works for me : decline incoming call a missed call popup will appear from any . do . choose the send text option i think the first time you use it , you have to choose default app . here 's where you choose google voice and , bam , you are all set ! you can create custom default messages as well within any . do . hope this helps .
you should be able to go to settings> manage applications> all applications> go to your mms . apk , and reset the defaults . so long as you already have google voice installed on your phone , the next time you try to use this feature , it should ask you which one you want to use . but idk- no jb love on the htc sensation , yet .
yes . you chose which account ( s ) to sign in with and what status they have individually . just ensure you have signed out of any account you do not want to use . and how exactly do i do that ? there does not seem to be any option in google talk 's settings to sign out of an account open google talk select your current account , to show a list of all accounts chose the account you want to sign out of select your own account change from available to sign out
are you really using pop3 ? it is a behaviour of imap . . . not pop3 . if yes , it is certainly a bug . better , use different email client like k9-mail .
i prefer k9mail . i think it is much better than the stock email client . it also has option to delete local mail when deleted from server .
this is almost certainly a bug , because ironically messages that have been moved to the trash are still on the device . only messages in the inbox seem to be deleted . so it looks like the workaround is to delete the messages you want to keep ( assuming you do not have it set to delete them from the server when you delete them ) .
rest assured , that is not a virus , its a warning dialog to make you aware that you may have the app install from outside of google play blocked . it is normal ! : ) to proceed to check and confirm it is indeed unblocked . . . go into settings > security > device administration , tap on " unknown sources " , a dialog box appears , tap ok as that is a standard disclaimer , which is normal de-facto thing . for gb , menu > settings > applications , check " unknown sources " and again , similar dialog appears as a disclaimer . tap ok to continue and back out of it .
more likely that the movie app just wants to get installed . it is not uncommon that 3rd party software is installed this way .
i also have the same issue on an 7" astro+ - but also there is no " people " ( contacts ) app - although it shows in settings on the apps list , is cannot be found as an icon anywhere . . . anyone else got this as well ?
here is a solution ! you need to enable screen pin/password lock . it will disable the physical keyboard in sleep mode . : )
i now have the same issue using a 7" sumvison astro+ after updating the firmware to the manufactures latest ics listed version . from what i can tell this issue has been introduced as it was not present when i first received the tablet with the original firmware . the details the device lists are android version 4.0.3 build version 9f2-d1-h2-h01-2102.20120515 baseband version 1.1 kernel version 3.0.8+ the release notes list nothing but stability improvements so no clues as to what has been tinkered with . generally the update was successful a wi-fi issue i had with streaming music has been cleared and the devices has had it is default cpu speed bumped up which makes it feel snappier , if this keyboard issue was not there it would be perfect .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
based on this post from xda , fix permissions was removed . i have not seen any reason why . however , somebody made a flashable zip to put it back in .
it was removed because it is total placebo these days . i wrote it for dealing with the silly things that happen when we used to put apps on sd before android supported it . since then , it is been something of a sugar pill that magically fixes all problems without actually doing anything . ( taken from the commit history , posted by steve kondik )
you can install " log collector " from the android market , it is free . it can email the logcat to an email address . i am not sure whether the log clears or not if there is a reboot though . you should be able to see something in there regardless .
it should be identical to flashing when dalvik is enabled . if the rom cook packaged up everything correctly , you should be able to " dirty-flash " the nightly builds over the previous ones ( assuming you are staying on the same rom channel . ) i would confirm with the rom author though . on the topic of wiping caches , the cyanogenmod 's installation instructions specifically state : contrary to popular belief , there is no need to wipe anything when you update cm . this includes your cache partition , your dalvik cache , and your battery stats . while wiping these won’t hurt anything , you can increase the time it takes to boot up cm after you install the update . android is smart enough to manage both your cache and dalvik cache without you intervening , and wiping your battery stats does absolutely nothing to help with your battery life ( the file is only used to provide the raw information to provide the stats and graph in settings -> battery ) – it is actually wiped automatically every time your device is charged to 100% . of course you should always have a recent backup via recovery in case things start to go wrong .
if i got your question correctly then yes yout art environment should not be changed . the script will run at flashing time will wipe dalvik cache and cache itself and will not touch your personal settings . so you are safe to flash the nightly as a dirty flash . however i have not flashed any latest aosp kk based rom but it should follow the same procedures as all custom rom does . i flashed many time dirty flash on my current device which is running on stock based custom rom and have no problem at all . i will suggest you to make a nandroid and make a dirty flash afterwards so if anything goes wrong you can restore your backup and start from scratch .
by searching in google , i landed in a discussion thread on xda . it seems that this issue is a software bug and just to troubleshoot , keep the battery charged fully and see at what level of the battery this issue comes up . and you are being referred in that discussion as well ; - )
the problem is not the strength , but the direction . at least my nexus 4 makes no noise if it vibrates while lying flat on the table . lay it on the side , and it will wake the dead . the axis of rotation should be paralell to the screen , not perpendicular . no amount of software will fix this hardware/design error .
i just plugged it in , did a reboot with the on/off and volume switches like turning it off , and i came to life again ! yay !
this link helped me to flash a rom image . as an additional benefit , this rom seems to be faster than micromax 's original rom and also claims to support a list of 3g dongles . the previous ( i.e. . original ) rom i had did not support reliance and bsnl 's 3g dongles . as in a settings menu the following dongles are supported ( i have not got any 3g dongle to test ) : wcdma : huawei ( e230 , e176g , e160e , 182g , e1782 , e1750 umg1691 ) , zte ( mf633bp-1 , mf633 , mf637u ) cdma2000/evdo : huawei ( e150 , ec1261 , ec122 , ec156 , ec1270 ) , zte ( ac580 , ac2736 , ac2746 ) after re flashing , i installed clockworkmod recovery as per this link as well .
this device will never officially get ics , as it only has an armv6 processor . ics needs an armv7 processor to function . the only way to get ics would be if someone ports it to your device - but it would be difficult . i suggest you look at xda-developers to see if someone has ported it , or is trying to . be aware that it would be buggy if it is ported .
daniel ! i had the same problem after flashing it with cm 10 nightly , but after debugging on settings , i found a fix . i dont know if its a bug or what , but what i did was : 1 ) ' forget ' my network 2 ) connect to it again ( make sure your security key is entered correctly ) 3 ) if still says , " saved , secured with wpa " dont hesitate , you are still not done 4 ) on your wifi window , press your menu button 5 ) choose " advanced " 6 ) there should be a " wi-fi frequency band " choice , make sure its on " auto " 7 ) still not working ? underneath the ''wi-fi frequency band'' , there should be " wi-fi ' region code " . 8 ) i dont know if yours has a choice selected , but mines didnt . i chose , " united states " and viola . when i went back , it says " connected " and my wi-fi sign finally showed on my status bar hope this helps !
once you are in the contact list , go into the options . your sim contacts are probably filtered .
i was able to root my samsung galaxy discover using unlockroot . basically all you need to do is download this installer from their website and run it . however , the installer will attempt to dump a bunch of junk on your computer , so you need to be very careful . read each page of the wizard to make sure the appropriate options are selected . once installed , connect your phone via usb and make sure usb debugging is enabled . start the application and click the big green " root " button . you should receive a popup containing a button with the name of your phone . simply click the button and wait for a few moments . after the phone reboots , your phone should be rooted .
you can do this with free kebab . llama it is an event monitor that can do actions when an event on the phone happend . you can configure that whenever the event " headset-connected " occours start the app musicplayer ( or any other app you want )
easiest way might be to use some headset controller like e.g. jays headset control ( there are plenty more on the playstore if this one does not work out for you -- i also had to try a few until i found the right one working smoothly with my headset ) . most of them allow you to define an app to be started as soon as the headset is connected ( in your case , that would be the media player of your choice ) . beside that , they give you the ability to control the media player via your 1-button-headset control : tap once to play/pause ( or accept a call ) , tap twice to skip forward a title ( or reject a call ) , hold the button to increase volume , and much more . edit : i see k3b and i both misunderstood your question as " start the player " , while you were talking about " start playback " . one app which can solve this is tasker ( see their website for a free trial version ) . the tasker user manual mentions in the actions section : media control send a command to a media playback application . simulate media button : when selected , any media player which listens for media button events can be controlled . without it , the only the android system media player will respond . so this should do what you want .
the best solution for you would be to use smart connect liveware™ mgr . as you can see , you can set actions to start when you plug a device ( headset , hdmi , charger , etc . ) and actions to start when you unplug the device . i have a setting to start playing music when i connect my headphones and stop playing when i remove it . there are many things you can do with this . the best part is that you can manage your music with your own music app ! simply create an event for actions to be done upon the connection pf a headphone and forget this app ! this was originally developed for sony xperia handsets . but should work with any , which has a good hardware configuration ( src ) and an os higher that ics ( which you already have ) .
this phone runs an operating system called android , and many features can be added by using external applications . there´s one app calld autoanswer , that is very complete and free . here is the info about it : http://www.androlib.com/android.application.com-everysoft-autoanswer-apia.aspx
i thought this was totally possible but for the life of me can not find anything that says it is . i was sure i had seen that option somewhere but going through the settings on my evo 4g ( similar to the shift ) i can not find anything that says auto answer . same thing when i searching around online . so it appears that there is no built-in way to set auto-answer however , there are a few apps in the market which claim to provide this functionality ( this is by no means all of them , just three from the first page of results ) : autoanswer nacm advanced telephone if you do not want to go the app route i also found these blue ant bluethooth headsets which supposedly allow you to answer the call by actually saying the word " answer " . this may be a better option than to always answering a call instead you can tell the headset when to answer or not . hope this helps
i have found that contact picture quality varies widely with the dialer/contact app used . consider trying a replacement like go contacts ex or any of the other replacements in the market .
unfortunately , its not possible with stock email client unless samsung pushes an update . try other email clients from play store .
you could always go back to the general gmail app . it allows you to have multiple accounts ( in case that is why you were using the other built-in client ) . Settings-&gt;Add Account  labels can be set and are visible . lastly , since you are using jelly bean , you will see similar email preview notifications - and it will not only show the first 2-3 inbox items .
the maximum size allowable for an android app on the android market is 50mb . [ 1 ] the maximum size allowable for an iphone app on the app store is approximately 2gb . [ 2 ] to answer your question , when you download the android version of this game , you are downloading an application that will download all of the data files either to your phones internal memory or sd card . due to the nature of the game , this is likely to account for the majority of the size difference unless different compression methods are used for resources such as the sound , textures and 3d models . the iphone 's app store has a much bigger file size limit which in this case means that all of the resources can be bundled into the initial download . the phone will not have to fetch any additional resources . [ 1 ] http://support.google.com/androidmarket/developer/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=113469 [ 2 ] stackexchange-url
my guess would be that the battery calibration data got lost . probably through the crash .
you want the android sdk . from the cyanogenmod wiki : after installing the android sdk or adb standalone you can use ' fastboot ' in addition to the more common adb . after installing the sdk you will need to add the android sdk platform-tools package .
htc used to have a copy of the linux binary , but they changed their developers portal and now i can not find that one anymore , either . the only other pre-compiled version i have been able to find is here ( link originated from this thread on droidforums .net, which also has a link to a pre-compiled osx binary ) . i checked with readelf on my linux vm and it looks like it is a 64-bit binary , so i have also uploaded a 32-bit version to my dropbox public folder , and it can be downloaded here . this is the binary i use on my machine , which i believe i got from the aforementioned htc site that is now missing . aside from that , you can compile android from source to get it . . . but that is kind of a terrible solution for a single small binary file .
here it is : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=11347040postcount=105
the replicant project builds tools with every release ; you can find their tools here ( go down the directory tree in a path like replicant-2.3/preview/0002/tools/ ) , along with notes about which git version was used for the source . go one directory up and read copying for details . note : they only offer linux builds . source code is here .
try flashing the recovery image manually via fastboot , as described in this guide : download the latest version of the clockworkmod recovery from here . place the clockworkmod recovery image in the same folder as fastboot ( the /tools folder with the android sdk folder ) . power the nexus s down , and hold volume up and the power button until booted into the bootloader . you should see a white screen with three skating androids . connect the nexus s to the computer via usb . on the computer , open terminal and run : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-crespo.img the clockworkmod recovery should now be installed on the nexus s .
this does not really address your dhcp question ( not sure what sysprop that would be ) , but it will fix your dns issues . you can make an ase script for it if you do not want to have to do it everytime your dns gets changed by the provider . also , depending on how your dns server is setup you may want to change the int at the end of line one to "2" or "3" and add some other dns servers for the rest of the internet ( opendns , google dns , etc ) . open an adb shell or terminal emulator and type setprop ro.kernel.android.ndns 1 setprop net.eth0.dns1 152.xxx.xxx.xxx alternatively , just throw the server ( s ) you want to resolve into /system/etc/hosts , like you would in a normal linux system blog post about android hacking with some sysprop references
advanced networking with android might be helpful .
from the support page do users need a google plus account to use hangouts ? no , but some features—using apps in video calls , sharing photos , and using circles to control who can reach you and how—require a google+ profile . see the following for more information : hangout video call features available with or without a google+ profile and hangouts chat vs . google talk for google app users the additional information states : although google+ provides a superior experience , it is not required for hangouts for google apps to work .
have you rooted your phone ? if so , what rom are you using ? and if you attempt to download the app again after this error , does it install then ? i have had similar problems when using custom roms whose play stores are . . obviously not working . ( i do not have enough rep to comment , so would have posted this as comment )
there are several ways to achieve root access on an android device -- and they differ a lot , depending on manufacturer , device , android version , and even linux kernel version running . unfortunately , devices do not ship with " root " accounts ( as we are used to from our desktops and laptops ) -- but there is no common way to " root " them . rooting is mostly done via exploits . some require adb installed and an usb-session established . others do not require adb . and again others ship as a single .apk to be copied to the device and started there ( so-called " one click root" ) . and again another method might involve a custom recovery being flashed . . . so many methods . but to explain them all in detail , this is not the right place -- while your question should be answered already , as it required only a " yes " or " no " : )
i know it is a workaround , but i frequently use selfmail , which adds itself to the pretty-much-universal " share " action . as an example , open a picture , select share , and pick it from the list .
you could create a shortcut on your home screen to your contact info . first make sure you have got an entry for yourself in your contacts with your email address ( not the " me " contact , but an extra one ) . then go into your applications screen , tap the widgets tab at the top , find either the 4x1 or 1x1 " contact " widget and add that to an empty spot on your home screen , when prompted find your contact in the list . now when you want to create a new email just tap your contact icon on the home screen , tap the email icon and it should open up a new email , with your email pre-populated in the to box .
you could just save drafts ( with gmail ) , no need to send the massage at all . or you do not need to use the " to:" header to send yourself mail at all but instead can send email to a `default-bcc field and leave the " to:" empty . k9 allows this :
i think i have found the problem . the user has over 19 thousand emails in his inbox . i will check this as the answer once i have confirmed it ( he needs to clean up the emails first ) .
try this : adb shell " cd /data/local and and mkdir tmp " adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp . bak adb shell ln -s /data /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb wait-for-device adb shell rm /data/local . prop adb shell " echo \"ro . kernel . qemu=1\" > /data/local . prop " adb reboot by creating a link to from /data to /data/local/tmp , android will believe you are writing to /data/local/tmp even though you are actually writing to /data . this method is actually used to successfully root many devices , though some have it specifically in the build.prop that /data/tmp is off limits . this method might not work with a kindle fire , though i have not tried . i have rooted a kindle fire , but it involved a different method entirely . first , twrp recovery had to be flashed . then , a fake recovery image exploit . then , you could gain access to copy over your su and busybox binaries . you can try the local.prop method as i described above though . it is compatible with many devices .
short answer : you will have to root your device for that . explanation : the shell user has no write permission there . the /data directory is not owned by shell , nor does their group match : on my motorola milestone 2 , e.g. , it is owned by system:system and has the permissions drwxrwxr-x , while shell belongs to the shell group only . only on a rooted device you could either change the permissions , or be privileged enough to override them . ps : on android , the sudo command is simply called su -- which explains your last error ( /system/bin/sh: sudo: not found ) in case your device is already rooted .
you did not follow the rooting instruction properly . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/34162-root-kindlefire-7hd-probably-the-other-2ndgen-kindlefire/ the instruction above would have you create symbolic links to the /data/ directory from /data/local/tmp/ which would make the /data/local . prop writable after a reboot . make sure you follow the instructions precisely , including the reboots and all , and make sure you check each step that they do not produce unexpected error message .
perhaps you should attempt to re-calibrate your battery . google android battery calibration and have read . there are a number of sites that describe the process and even some apps that claim to do it ( i have not tried any , so i can not vouch for them ) .
if you are rooted you can use battery caliberation app to recaliberate your battery . it will reset your battery status .
have you tried plugging it in , letting it charge a bit , then unplugging it ? that ought to reset the battery statistics .
samfirmware . com or xda are your best bets . if you need instructions for flashing with odin or recovery , we have lots of questions on that so just do a search : )
you can do a recovery of firmware using samsung kies software .
i figured how to solve it , but first you need access to your " inner " android files ( all the system stuff ) . you just need to navigate to /data/app , find the package of the app ( or the module ) and delete it .
i use es file explorer . it lets me access my home network disk drives via wifi . to test this , i opened my phone to the dcim photo area , press/hold one file , " copy to " then navigated up from the sd card , where it gave me my network connections ( which i would already browsed to with es file explorer ) . i could then navigate down to a directory and say [ ok ] and the file went to my nas i was able to view it ( or transfer it ) on another machine just fine . if you want to use wifi directly from android device to android device , then both need to be able to go into " ad hoc " mode which means something like " without a central wifi router " . i doubt that is in the " settings " but there may be something in the app store . ( sorry i refuse to use that new name google gave the app store , as i am serious , not playing around ) . haha .
you might want to take a look at wifi direct and alike . there are several apps on the playstore making use of this , like e.g. superbeam | wifi direct share ( with a fall-back to " hotspot mode " in case of wifi direct problems : one device creates a hotspot , the other connects to it ) wifishare : share files freely states it brings wifi-direct like functionality on lower version of android , it also enables to send large size files to multiple people at a time -- which i understand as it does not depend on wifi direct , but emulates it itself . fast file transfer utilizes wifi tethering to achieve the same . the description states you could even send files to an iph**e ( censored ; ) it plugs into the " share " menu . wifi shoot ! wifi direct uses wifi direct one of those should be fitting your needs : )
seems like write_raw_image works only from filesystem and does what dd does . proper way would be to just extract the images package_extract_file("aboot.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p5"); package_extract_file("modem.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p1"); 
you could use go keyboard app , instead of the stock keypad . it has an advanced setting which allows you to pick from the following styles : : ) :- ) :^ ) :o ) go sms pro app is even better . it lets you display emoticons as cute images , but it is good only if the other user also has go sms pro .
first go to type a text , then tap the ? 123 key then press the 1/3 key twice and you will be shown a page full of emotions . alternatively , you can download another sms app such as handcent .
an alternative keyboard like smart keyboard has similar support . it also allows a user to customise which smileys are shown and to edit them . a user can also specify whether they prefer an enter key or a smiley key to be shown . long-pressing shows a pop-up with smileys . note that these are punctuation marks and not images . if the user 's sms app can convert these punctuation marks into graphical image smileys , then the recipient will see those , else he/she will see the text characters .
depending on the keyboard you are using , the sms emoticons will show up in the bottom right ( where the enter key usually is ) . if you long press on the key , you will get a pop-up of other emoticons you can use . using : ) is the same as :- ) so they wont show that one . you can send any emoticon you want , but if who you send it to does not " change it " to an image , they will only see the normal "8- ) " version .
perhaps you are talking about airplane mode ? if so , it saves on battery without having to actually turn off your phone by shutting down all the radios . it is also useful for places that do not allow cell phones ( hospitals , airplanes during take off/landing , etc ) in that it will not ring , etc .
try settings --> apps --> google+ --> clear data and cache it will solve most of the issues .
i had exactly the same problem , actually i have come here for the solution . clearing data and cache did not help so i have decided to uninstall latest update . it worked for the original software so i gave a try and installed update once again . now it works properly , so perhaps you could try to reinstall your update and see what happens ?
afaik , the 4.0.4 is currently only available for the cdma/lte , but someone over at modaco has a modified version of the 4.0.4 working for gsm . it looks like everything is working on the gsm version with this modified release . i have also read that 4.0.5 will be released next month , so you may want to just wait .
alright , i went through the sourcecode and the answer is surprisingly obvious : yes , this can often be muted by simply using the volume keys while using the app or adjusting the volume of the media audio channel in the preferences . the media volume is used , regardless if the device is in normal , silent or vibrate mode . but it depends on where you bought your device if this works ( i guess ) , some devices enforce audio over a channel that can not be muted . more ( technical ) details : the camera app checks the device configuration ( system property ro.camera.sound.forced ) whether it should play the camera sounds over a system-enforced audio channel that can not be muted . if this setting is off , it uses the media and music channel instead . in case that it uses the music channel , it ignores when the device is in silent mode though . this might be a bug/small oversight by the authors . this is why you have to adjust the channel volume instead . i guess the property mentioned above is set depending on where you buy your device , since the sound is required by law in some places/countries as explained by eldarerathis in the comments .
there are some apps that will do this for you : ringguard : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.x475aws.android.ringguardhl=en volume locker : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.hourdb.volumelockerfeature=related_apps
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
the trick is in 4.4 . x and/or other systems you have to send an enter after the command or else you have to wait x sec/min . so do it like : adb shell @shell: input keyevent 26 @shell: @shell: exit  this will work in any case , i think .
if you are on 4.2.2 , you might want to read e.g. adb whitelist as of the android 4.2.2 : starting with this android version , " remote devices " ( i.e. . those you run adb commands from ) must be authorized by the android device ( i.e. . the one those commands are runnin on ) -- so your android device can tell " trusted callers " from " malicious attackers " . you can also find this in detail on this article on androidpolice : the way it works is pretty simple - when you connect your pc to your android device via usb , android gets your pc 's rsa key ( an identifier token ) . in android 4.2.2 , when you have usb debugging enabled , this now causes a prompt to appear on connection , seen below . ( image source : androidpolice ) update from the comments below : additionally , as shurane pointed out , behavior of adb keyevent seems to have changed with android 4.2.2: while before adb keyevent 26 was a dedicated " screen-off " , and adb shell input keyevent 82 a dedicated " screen-on " switch , now adb keyevent 26 is a toggle which turns the screen off ( when it is on ) and on ( when it is off ) , as noted by pepelac .
you can install a " minimal google play " http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484
update your phone to 2.3.4 gingerbread . . . officially by samsung
the base miui is quite closed source and opaque ( there was some brouhaha on xda about it ) i am sure . there are several spin-offs and/or aosp merges in different languages on xda . these are specific links to current miui roms ( current as at 29 aug 2011 ) i9000: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1118682 sgs2: http://www.galnetmiui.co.uk however , i would suggest you monitor the relevant device forum at xda and see what is out there . versions change , roms come and go , threads are closed/new ones opened etc so the two links above may not be reliable over time i have a htc desire : there were half a dozen miui roms for this a few months ago . ymmv of course edit : note also that rom developers are leaving xda because of the noise and stupid users . hence the galtnet miui link ( which i got from xda ) . so you may find less info than you expect on xda you said miui but i can recommend oxygen for the sgs2 ( i use this on my desire )
i believe why this is happening is because when your phone goes into standby the processor goes into a state where the processor slows down to save battery life . you could try to see if there is a feature in your mod to turn off this mode . i think your phone does not go into power saver mode when it is plugged in , try that and see if it works ( this solution is less convenient because your phone needs to be plugged in ) . one last thing i could think of would be trying to kill some services that are hogging cpu . this solution will be more likely to drain your battery if you kill some services that automatically start up again . good luck !
if you have a htc phone , with facebook for htc sense , there is an option to backup your merged contacts . it actually use the comment field to put a &lt;HTCData&gt; tag . ( i do not remember exactly the option , so feel free to edit ) some facebook sync applications such as haxsync ( paid ) provide an option to backup contacts links informations . ( in the case of haxsync , it uses htc tags , so it is compatible with facebook for htc sense and others applications that may also use htc tags ) .
you might want to try one of the many apps written to do just this like merge+ . if that is not what you are looking for , there is also the possibility of exporting all your contacts to google and merging them by doing this : open google mail click gmail under the google logo and select contacts click on the more button above the contact list and select find and merge duplicates . . .
the easiest way to recover your phone is to flash the original factory firmware on it . after much searching i found a thread at xda which explains how to do this for the lg optimus series phones including the p509 ( yours ) . you can obtain the original firmware by following these directions ( substituting p509 which you have for p500 ) . after you recover , remember that the first thing you should do after rooting a phone is to install a custom recovery ( usually clockworkmod recovery ) as this gives you access to tools to manage situations like this .
it means your activity is taking very long to be recreated since every time you rotate the screen , entire activity gets redrawn . it does not mean the phone sensor is slow or anything , you just need to optimize your code such that it does not load data ( whether from internet or local storage ) on orientation change but only recreates the layout . hope i made myself clear .
try to disable " automatic date and time " and " automatic time zone " . this solved my issue like this on nexus 7 and could very well help you out here .
i solved a similar problem on a galaxy sii with a transfer on the phone 's memory of all applications stored on the micro sd card . it is very frustrating to be forced to use the small memory of the phone when you bought a card with a lot of memory… but i know two owners of android phones who suffers of the same issue , solved in the same way .
thanks to datasage for pointing out the official bug report where many others are reporting the same problem . some users commenting there have found that if they stop using wireless charging , and instead charge the phone with a cable , the problem goes away . that might be a useful workaround for you until google fixes the problem properly with an ota update .
i will try to answer my own question here . the short answer is : get a rom that just works ! ( no , not a room , a rom ! get a rom ! ) here is the same screenshot image of the SD &amp; phone storage menu , this time with a rom called supernova . you can find an installation guide here . as you can see from the image i now have 1.86 gb of internal storage space . no additional apps have been installed yet , except for some apps that came with the rom , and the stock htc apps that came with the phone . how-to you will need root and s-off before you continue . it is also possible to install this rom with s-on , but it will require some additional steps , for more details see the developers website . you will also need a custom recovery like clock work mod ( cwm ) or 4ext recovery . the latter is recommended . you will also need to flash stock hboot , if you do not have that already . you will find the stock hboot on alpharev website . go to the download page of developers website . download " supernova 2.4.0.1 extreme rom " . you will see at least three mirror download links . here 's one direct link to dev-host . power off the phone . enter hboot on the phone . enter recovery ( i used 4ext touch recovery ) . format and partition the sd card with one ext4 partition and one fat32 . power off the phone and take out the sd card . mount your sd card to the computer . copy the supernova_2.4.0.1_signed . zip file to the sd card . put the sd card in the phone . enter recovery and choose " update from zip " . select the file above . this will now flash the new rom . reboot the phone . first boot will take longer time than usual . when you get to the setup wizard , skip setting up a google account . reboot the phone . you will see a blue led go and off . this means data2sd is loaded and working . now you can setup your google account and wi-fi , and what not . remember , complete installation instructions can be found here . that web page can be overwhelming , especially for newbies , which is why i tried to put it in a more condensed form here . if you run into the " download was unsuccessful please try again " message when downloading apps , this means that the app you are trying to download is too big and the android market cache is too small . this problem is covered in the faq at developers website , it is question 28 . the suggested workaround involves using scriptmanager app and a script , and this must be done every time you reboot . but i have found that installing the latest version of play store ( replacement for android market ) manually solves the problem permanently . here 's a short how-to on that too . download the apk file for play store . connect the phone to the computer . if prompted , choose to mount as disk drive . copy the apk file to the sd card . disconnect the phone . go to menu , settings , applications , and enable unknown sources . start a file manager app ( i used es file explorer , but astro is good too ) . browse to the file ( /mnt/sdcard/ ) and tap it to open . you will be prompted if you want to replace a system app . tap ok to continue .
redphone and textsecure from whispersystems are the best way to achieve encrypted voice and sms on android . those two apps just work ( tm ) and are extremely user friendly .
what you want is zfone on android . it is currently not native available , but there is a bug report on the offical android tracker asking for it . star it , but do not leave a comment without content . this is the best chance to raise googles attentions on this . whats currently possible on android is good described by the guardian project in this blog post . btw : the guardian project is good resource when it comes to to privacy and security on android .
you can find the source for this app in the gallery2 package in aosp . all the code for the photo editor is in src/com/android/gallery3d/filtershow . the saving is handled by tools/ImageSave.java , which has this comment explaining the behaviour ( which i have formatted ) :- in order to support the new edit-save behavior such that user will not see the edited image together with the original image , we are adding a new auxiliary directory for the edited image . basically , the original image will be hidden in that directory after edit and user will see the edited image only . note that deletion on the edited image will also cause the deletion of the original image under auxiliary directory . there are several situations we need to consider : user edit local image local01.jpg . a local02.jpg will be created in the same directory , and original image will be moved to auxiliary directory as ./.aux/local02.jpg . if user edit the local02.jpg , local03.jpg will be created in the local directory and ./.aux/local02.jpg will be renamed to ./.aux/local03.jpg user edit remote image remote01.jpg from picassa or other server . remoteSavedLocal01.jpg will be saved under proper local directory . in remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , there will be a reference pointing to the remote01.jpg . there will be no local copy of remote01.jpg . if user edit remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , then a new remoteSavedLocal02.jpg will be generated and still pointing to the remote01.jpg user delete any local image local.jpg . since the filenames are kept consistent in auxiliary directory , every time a local.jpg get deleted , the files in auxiliary directory whose names starting with " local." will be deleted . this pattern will facilitate the multiple images deletion in the auxiliary directory . in short : yes , it saves edited images in a .aux directory , inside the directory the image came from . it also stores the filter chain you used to create the image in xmp metadata inside the new image ( the filtered one ) , in the namespace http://ns.google.com/photos/1.0/filter/ . this information consists of : SourceFileUri: the uri where it has saved the unmodified file filterstack: a serialized representation of the stack of filters it used ( in the same format it saves presets to its private database )
that is not a bad idea at all . i have verizon wireless and i do this all the time . that is what tethering is for , and the usb option as well . 4g is fast , and for what it is worth , based on what you have said , it seems like a fantastic idea . to answer your second question and forward , no - - your phone would not fry , providing you got a phone with good specs . as far as i am concerned , they have been more reliable than regular average routers . it is lte after all , so it is not a surprise . can not speak about the throttle , that depends on t-mobile and their terms . i think they do throttle , but it is not a huge difference . i would recommend talking to someone from t-mobile and asking them what device has best specs and battery power . also , you can get a data monitor to monitor all traffic and block / allow certain connections via incoming addresses or devices . those apps are available on google play so let me know if you need them . i have a family member who uses t-mobile tethering amongst six devices at home , two of which are a ps3 which plays netflix and it is not slow at all . randomly given of course , every server has ups and downs .
have you tried downloading a new language ? go to swype 's settings in Language and input ( or keyboard settings ) . then , go to Languages &gt; Download languages . you should see Francais (AZERTY) .
this is as close to an answer as i can find at the moment . looking at the site for the ( soon to be launched ) google play for education site , one of the benefits that they mention is : for educators android tablets in the classroom google play for education brings the innovation of android technology into classrooms . educators can set up and deploy large numbers of devices in just minutes or hours rather than days . . . . over-the-air delivery to student devices after finding apps they want to use , educators can push them instantly to student devices over the air . they can send the apps to individuals or groups of any size , across classrooms , schools , or even districts . ( my emphasis , from http://developer.android.com/distribute/googleplay/edu/about.html ) which sounds promising , but if you go to the sign up/school interest page it has this interesting bit of wording on the form : which suggests that there is a limit somewhere around the 30 device number . which would match up with what you are seeing . as i can not find anything else official mentioning this limit , i can not find any official advice for getting round the limit either , sorry .
the google play for education store is creating content optimised for nexus 7 tablets . i would be amazed if this is not available for the older tablets . i have seen no dates yet for when the store will be available , but google have an event in november and suspect it may be then ( as the service was advertised for autumn ) . however , they are only soliciting interest from american schools , so it may not be initially available in the uk . in the meantime i would suggest maybe looking at tabpilot which will allow you to achieve what you are after as well as a lot of other useful functionality .
i do not think this is possible . i think when carriers agree to let users roam on each others use their network , that probably their policies would comply in the way that when you can trust your carrier , you can probably trust it when it trusts the other one . edit : actually i recently found this out : when you go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > network operators , you can choose to select your network manually instead of having it done automatically . but in fact , i am not sure what it will do when you go out of coverage of the network you chose .
we did respond to every e-mail , so it is likely that our e-mails went to your spam folder . if you still have problems with any purchase please contact us at service@ikoid.com.
i purchased the first bundle and had no problem . the link took a few hours to come by email , but that is all . edit : just purchased this one , got my games added to my account instantaneously ( but yes , i already had an account ) .
for listening to podcasts , google has a separate application , called google listen , which will sync feeds under the listen subscriptions category . unfortunately , new features are not being actively added , but does provide enough functionality to be useful .
i ended up buying an app called doggcatcher it has a ton of great features and for podcasts it works much better than google reader , i highly recommend it .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
from my html5 knowledge , offline content and access , even though implemented by the website , will only work if the browser the client is using supports it . the ios browser seems to support offline applications , but the android one does not yet , based on what you said . so you will jsut have to wait until the browser is updated .
you can use this app : offline browser link : you can download a portion of a web site in your sd card and then read it offline
i think the issue is that you have the wrong apns . you can try going into system settings-> ( more . . ) wireless and networks-> mobile network settings-> access point names and press the settings button . this should show the settings menu for the apns and should have a reset to default option . click that and wait for 2-3 minutes . it should start working again hopefully .
i am afraid that if the official skype app does not work then you are probably out of luck . skype do not let third party applications use their service , so you are unlikely to find anything that works . i suspect the issue is down to the cpu speed of the htc wildfire , which is only 528mhz . it is likely that the processor simply can not keep up with the demands of the application , which is why you get the stuttering , and why performance is the same on other wildfire 's . unfortunately you may have to stick with your other voip application . edit : there are a lot of posts on the skype support forum where people are complaining of poor performance on the htc wildfire . the skype rep does say they are aware of it and trying to improve performance , so you may just have to wait for an update to the application sometime in the future .
i believe it is the cpu speed . the htc wildfire has a cpu speed of 528 mhz . the skype app is only supported on devices with a cpu clock speed of 600mhz or greater . see the section on ' what do i need to run skype on my android phone ? ' https://support.skype.com/en/faq/fa10653/how-can-i-get-skype-on-my-android-phone
normally , that red blinking light on a nexus 4 means it is not getting enough power ( the battery is not charging , or is undercharged ) . try charging your phone overnight with a 2a charger .
try clearing the calendar 's cache ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , choose the application , then Clear Data ) and then re-sync ( how to do that depends on the app ) .
i had a similar problem where one of my calendars stopped syncing . ( the whole calendar , not just some events . ) toggling the show/hide setting did not have any effect , but removing and re-adding the calendar fixed the problem .
i had similar problem . i had to clear calendar cache - than re-sync worked for me . the cache clear method is very similar like in this answer , but i clear the official calendar storage : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications . in the top of the screen select All . scrool down to Calendar Storage , then open it , tap to Clear cache button . re-sync ( google ) calendar . you are done . maybe you have no Calendar Storage app , than i sorry , i have htc wildfire .
if you have multiple calendars , it would be worth checking that the calendars you expect are enabled on the handset . in calendar , Menu button -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars -&gt; Menu button -&gt; Add calendars then check all the calendars you want displayed .
i had the same problem , some events from colledge ical format just would not sync , first time it happened , i force closed it an turned off my phone and it seemed to work , now it happened for the second time and now i tried what somebody suggested here as well as on the other sites , cleared data from the phone because i have everything backed up on my gmail calendar and it seems to be working . . . for now . . .
on my phone running 4.4.2 i have used a combination of tasker and secure settings to disable/enable the pin lock screen based on my phone 's position . worked pretty well .
as mentioned earlier , tasker can handle this sort of thing . you can set up a toggle button as you described by following these directions . i have something similar set up so that it does not ask for my security pin when i am connected to my home network . if i am away from home , i do have to enter my pin . it is quite handy . the only downside to using this is that you will lose the sliding unlock function when your keyguard is disabled . when you hit your unlock button your screen will come on without any slider . it is only a concern if you think you will accidentally hit the unlock button in your pocket . personally , i can not get the touch screen to do anything against my clothes anyways .
i am fairly certain this can not be done under 2.2 . even if you backup the lockscreen data , do a factory reset , and restore the data , only the lockscreen " type " is restored and not the actual pattern or password . it is designed not to be altered except by the settings app .
i am not sure but i think most widgets that used to be able to toggle the lock screen security no longer work in froyo ( 2.2 ) and above . i was about to suggest lockme widget , but then noticed you have 2.2 and the dev says it does not work with 2.2 there is also the ultra useful and feature-rich extended controls - which purportedly does have this functionality , but you had best test it before purchasing it .
in the mean time i got 2.3.7 up and in case someone needs another solution - now i use power widgets to toggle screen lock on and off manually . when i am on my home network , i use wifi unlocker to keep the screen lock turned off while the connection is on . works very nice . edit : after upgrading to 4.2+ i simply started using built-in android profiles . screen lock types can be set there and can then be easily switched through the " long-press-power-button-menu " .
from what i have read , tasker should be able to do this . you can turn on or off the screen lock mechanism based upon whatever criteria you want , including the value of a variable . you can also change the value of a variable via a widget . combine the two and it should work . caveat lector : i have researched tasker , i have read about what it can and can not do , but i have never tried it ( yet ) . so take this as speculation .
i have stumbled upon an x server for android project ( now available as an apk to intall from f-droid , too ) : this project implements an x11 server for use with android devices , written in java . the x11 server runs within an android view subclass , allowing it to be embedded in other applications . but perhaps it is a bit tricky to connect to it through x forwarding via ssh . . . you must figure it out .
apparently x11 can be run on the g1 via some sort of debian image and shell app ; see this xda thread for example . i can not find any other ports of it . i use connectbot for " regular " ssh , i find it to be quite good . even edited and compiled code with it !
the widget in the middle is the " android and me rss widget " . what you see is basically the sense ui . you may try the accuweather widget for the weather . but it will possibly not look that shiny .
mru is right about the android and me news widget . based on the dock at the bottom i would also say mru 's right about that being the sense ui as well , which means the clock and weather widget is stock , but you can replicate it with these : weather forecast and clock widget beautiful widgets i have the fancy widget but it is no longer available because htc thought it looked too much like their widget ( you could probably find the apk out there somewhere ) the battery widget is called . . . battery widget . also , you may be able to get those sense icons by using the sense ui icons app for pandahome . the wallpaper is his own formated for a g1/hero ( 640x480 ) . more on sizing wallpapers for specific android phones .
you can get this functionality with these launchers : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sudomakemeanapp.sudoquicklaunch http://www.droid-life.com/2013/01/23/lmt-launcher-brings-pie-goodness-without-the-custom-rom/
to reset the battery stats you just need to go to recovery and wipe battery stats . its best if you do this with your battery fully charged . its wise to leave the phone an extra 10-20 minutes when wiping stats to ensure the battery is fully charged .
did you install some program right before it happened ? did you open a program , made changes , saved , and this happened ? are you using a custom kernel or rom ? if it is a new program , try to uninstall it first and check the results . if you did not install anything but used a program before the battery meter broke , then try clearing the data and cache of that program to set it to defaults . if the above did not work then you might need to report the kernel to it is respective developer or try to flash another kernel/rom ( if using a custom kernel/rom ) , and if not . a factory reset might fix your problem like what izzy said . i recommend using titanium backup to backup your files because its easy to restore afterwards . if it still did not help and you get a fast battery drain , then it is most likely a hardware problem , eg . power ic might be shorted
i guess it has to do with what you had on your device installed right before you wipe and flashed a new rom . google remembers last apps and all
make sure you have checked automatic restore and backup my data in settings> backup and restore . and also sync your google account right after a reset . you will notice that all of your apps are reinstalling in the background . hope it helps .
play store purchases are refundable under a 15 minute window . under that window , if the user does not like the app and wants a refund , using play store to refund the purchase will end in the user receiving back the purchase amount and the app being uninstalled from the device . is it possible , under the refund window , to copy a paid app to the external storage for example and then once refunded , install it from there . i am no app developer but i know some apps that despite doing this , they check somehow the purchase via play store and in this case , since the user has not bought the app ( it did a refund ) , the app will not work as if it was purchased . in this example the app has a free and paid version , so the paid version has more features but since the user did not paid for that , it gets the free ( despite having the full installed ) .
try pvstar+ . not the easiest ui , but it'll let you play ( really just listen to ) youtube videos and a number of other sources , too , in the background .
i have found something for you , although it may not treat your ipod the right way . the only way to find out is for you to give it a shot . luckily the developer of this app offers a version that is a five day free trial . super bt mono if you are running stock android 2.2 try this . if you are running cyanogenmod try this . i would follow the dev 's instructions on how to get this up and running , and just treat your ipod like the bt headset with which this app is meant to interface . it does not say so on the app page in the market , but on some forum thread ( of which i have unfortunately lost track , dammit ) someone mentioned that it will send notification tones and ringtones to the bt device .
why do not you just listen to music on the android device ? i have a sneaking suspicion that , given how apple tends to be very restrictive about what gets into the app store , and even more restrictive about what apps can do , this probably would not work simply . on the android side of things , it is a breeze to write an app ( or maybe there is something out there already that can do it ? ) that would connect to the ipod over bluetooth and send some notification to pause , when a call comes in . the problem as i see it is that , unlike on android , there is no real way ( without jailbreaking the ipod ) to just write an app for the ipod that listens over bluetooth and pauses when it gets the notification . . .
with forwarding , you should be able to do this automatically . if your contacts are texting your google voice number , then you must have already told google voice to forward texts to your real number . you should be able to reply directly to that forwarded message . google creates a new phone number for your contact and associates it with that person . so if person x at phone number 123-456-7890 sends a text to your google voice number , you will recieve it on your regular number as coming from 987-654-3210 . when you respond , google will recieve the message ( they own 987-654-3210 ) , then resend it to 123-456-7890 with your google voice number as the caller id . however , if they are texting your regular number , or if you do not have forwarding enabled , you will be stuck using the google voice app to send text messages and still have your gv number show up . * *there is a paid app ( root required ) that claims to integrate google voice with the native ( and 3rd-party ) text messaging apps . the app costs $5 and looks like it does what you want . i have not tried this , though , and some of the reviews claim it does not work right ( though others say it works great ) . edit : there is a free version here .
i tried to open my gallery , but could not see any pictures on it . anyway , i use the quickpic app to manage my photos . it is able to show the different folders that have pictures in it . check it out .
i used pics organizer to organize my pictures into different folders for my gallery . download it here works well with other gallery apps .
my work-around is connect my phone via usb mode , where it comes up as a folder ( or volume for you mac fans ) that you can see contents in . create folders you had like to have in your gallery , like " favorite piks " or " stuff i found in my pockets " - whatever . put these in that folder . now use your computer to organize the images between folders within that main volume , save on your home computer , delete , so forth . when you detach from the usb link , your gallery on the phone should show those new folders you created and the images you transferred over . please note that any new images , photos you download or take with the phone will likely be placed in one of any generic folders like " downloads " or " pictures " . t0mm13b 's edit pre-requisites : adb is installed . comfortable with command line . by going onto the command line , and issue this command : adb shell am start -n com.android.development/.MediaScannerActivity the above command line will force android to re-read the sdcard and quickly re-index all the just transferred pictures into the gallery .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
generally , phone manufacturers will not allow you to downgrade for various reasons . the stock recovery does indeed validate the update image , so that it is of a greater ( or same ) version than the installed system . with the nexus one being a developer phone , you can unlock the bootloader and replace the recovery image with the one that does not perform this check , and will allow installation of any image . the caveat is that unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty with the carrier ( and sometimes the manufacturer too , ) and wipes all user data off the device . unlocking the n1 is dead easy . just install android sdk and the usb drivers ( located in " google-usb_driver " directory . ) then restart the phone in bootloader mode by shutting it off and powering on while holding down the trackball , hook it up to the computer via usb , and in command prompt issue the following command : C:\&lt;path to Android SDK&gt;\platform-tools\fastboot oem unlock . you will be presented with a confirmation screen with further instructions . upon successful unlock , you can flash a custom recovery that will allow you to install any custom rom , including downgrade to 2.2 . x stock version of android os . to flash clockworkmod recovery , download the latest version for nexus one from here , reboot into bootloader mode ( power on while holding the trackball down , ) and in command prompt issue command C:\&lt;path to ANdroid SDK&gt;\platform-tools\fastboot flash recovery C:\&lt;path to downloaded img&gt;\recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-passion.img reboot to bootloader mode again , and then use the volume keys to highlight the " recovery " option and press power button . you are now in clockworkmod recovery , and can flash any custom roms via the " install zip from sdcard " option . here is a " stock " 2.2.2 rom ( with root ) off xda-developers forum .
your phone settings cannot possibly affect the strength of the signal produced by a wireless router . i would assume that this option just prevents wi-fi " sleep " , seemingly confirmed by this discussion . if that is the case it will consume more power when you are not using your phone .
android devices are very similar to computers , they consist of a bios ( basic input output system ) , an os ( operating system ) and then applications and data . the bios would be stored in eeprom ( electrically erasable programmable read only memory ) , or rather a sub-type called flash memory . ( wikipedia ) when the bios loads the os then it is moved into ram memory . ram memory stores all currently running applications ( including the os ) . ( wikipedia ) the operating system software , and application software are stored in storage ; which is usually an internal sd card , or sd card like storage . ( wikipedia ) you can have additional storage , such as an external sd card . so you would have eeprom ( flash memory ) ram ( system memory ) sd card ( storage )
it looks like it is basically a null pointer error when angry birds tries to create a surface , which probably means that your device is simply incapable of doing the video rendering needed . i do not believe angry birds rio has a light version , unlike the regular game , so you are probably out of luck unless they release a version for less-capable devices . from http://www.rovio.com/index.php?page=angry-birds---frequently-asked-questions-faq : q : i have a problem with the angry birds . what should i do ? a : check rovio’s web-pages and browse this faq section for a solution . if you cannot find solutions for your problem or questions , please contact rovio’s customer support by email and provide as much information about your problem as possible : phone/device model and/or version , phone/device operating system version , angry bird game’s name and its version , a detailed problem description .
a couple of methods come to mind : you could take a picture of your phone with another camera . you could do a screen capture of you phone screen using built in functionality of the android operating system . the method of doing a screen capture is different depending on which version of operating system you have . on my phone , i press and hold the power + home buttons at the same time and a screenshot is capture and saved to my sd card . some older version of the android operating system did not have the screen capture functionality built in so depending on your version of the operating system , it may or may not be an option for you . i have written a few android apps before . i just checked the android api 's and it looks like i could write an app to retrieve the wallpaper image from your system memory and save it to a sd card if you have an sd card in your phone . the app would just read the image and would not change it . also , do you have an sd card that is working now ? i understand how frustrating it is to lose an important image and would like to help you get it back if i can .
updates : i did fastboot all the images and the 4.3 image using adb . no errors but was still stuck at the ' x ' logo after while booting . next i tried to flash the twrp recovery and clockwork recovery image so that i could sideload the image . zip . but was still getting the verification failed error . on closer look at the logs of clockwork i found these : " cant partition non-vfat : datamedia cant format unknown volume : /external_sd cant format unknown voume : /emmc " have i done any damage to the memory ?
you can not install a rom using adb install , just like you can not install a fresh ubuntu system with apt-get . you use fastboot to install new roms , when the device is in fastboot mode . instructions are different for each device , and the rom you downloaded should come with them . regardless , from the symptoms you describe , it does not sound like installing a new rom will help with the problem . before trying anything so drastic , check the boot-loop tag wiki to see some more triage/debugging steps you can try .
not specifically with the volume buttons , but if you are open for alternatives , tasker might be able to help out . to fire the emergency task , the following triggers might be feasible : camera button long-search button gesture ( the phone has just been waved around in a particular way ) shake ( the device is being physically shaken ) if the device has no camera button , the long-search button being hard to find without vision , this might leave us with the " gesture " and " shake " triggers . to set that up , you can record your " emergency pattern " , e.g. " shake twice left-right , then twice up-down " . as task , tasker offers e.g. " send sms " ( send an sms without user interaction . ) so combining action and task , you had have your " emergency profile": as soon as the shake-pattern is recognized , the emergency sms would be sent .
tl ; dr : i was not aware of any such apps and so i have actually written an application that can do this for a university project ; the user holds the volume down button for x seconds ( default is 3 ) and a preconfigured emergency message is sent to their chosen contact ( s ) . there are a few problems with getting this functionality however ( see below ) . i have not made the app available anywhere but could put a version up on the play store over the next few days . will edit this when i do . the problem i found is that it does not work in all possible states the phone could be in , meaning your friend might be trying to use it but will forget to put it in a correct state if they are in a panic . here 's the results of the testing i did , a pass means the emergency sms was sent : one test wasn’t applicable because if the screen is off pressing the volume button will turn it back on giving us the first test state . for the state where the screen was on but phone was locked , the evidence gathering could be activated but only by pressing the volume button repeatedly for the required amount of time . the reason the activation doesn’t work as intended is because android only receives one button press when the volume button is held while the screen is locked and so only passes one press to the application . if the volume button is repeatedly pressed then the application is ‘tricked’ into thinking the button is being held constantly because the app checks if the button is being held once a second but the button only needs to have been held once in the last second for it to count . a positive point about the volume button method is that it uses almost no battery , there is not any monitoring or polling of the volume button 's state . if you were willing to consider other activation methods i also added the ability to tilt the phone and have it activate the emergency sms , i found this worked in a lot more states : i believe it would also be possible to get the tasker application to do this tilting activation but i do not own it and have not tried it .
i do not think that this i possible . the audio volume is controlled by a hardware element that has only a limited number of volume levels .
many people have this problem with android . you can see it has been reported in android 's bug tracking system . the number of levels is controlled by a setting that is compiled into the android system image . use a different rom it is possible that flashing a custom-rom could increase the number of levels , but i do not know which , if any , custom roms do this . this bug report in cyanogenmod ' s tracker suggests they do not plan to add that feature , for fear it may cause compatibility problems with some apps . use a different app ( easy ) some media apps have their own volume control , on top of that provided by android . i believe poweramp is one such ( but i do not use it myself ) . if there is one particular app you need more control of , such as a music app , you might want to replace it with one that has this feature . edit your phone 's os ( advanced ) if you are not worried about the risk of breaking some ( badly-written ) apps , and your device is root ed , then you can follow these instructions to edit the android system image to increase the number of levels . that site gives step-by-step instructions , including installing the developer tools you will need to make system changes ; a summary for knowledgeable people is as follows : get framework.jar from your device and run baksmali on it . edit framework\android\media\AudioService.smali search for 0xft 0x0t 0x0t 0x0t to find the table of audio levels . replace the first number of each row with the desired number of levels ( in hexadecimal ) . run smali to generate a new framework.jar , and then replace the original on the device .
i ended up using this app on my nexus 4 - supports up to 100 volume levels . its not perfect but should suffice till they hopefully fix what seems like such a simple problem . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=opotech.finevolumev2 discussed here- http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/490543-volume-control-in-android-os.html
sugarsync is my photo syncing/cloud storage app of choice , and it provides such an option . once installed , go into the app 's settings and check the box labelled " external power only " to restrict the auto sync to only run when the device is plugged in .
google+ instant upload offers a setting to allow uploads only when the charger is connected . facebook 's instant photo upload does not offer such an option . the gallery is linked to your google account and thus to picasaweb . however , there is no option within the gallery app to restrict data transfer only when the charger is connected . carbonite recently started offering a mobile app , and that includes backing up photos and videos . it offers an option to use battery or not for when uploading . so google+ or carbonite mobile are your choices . ( at least from the photo auto-upload services i am aware of . )
recovery sd so i found a pretty good tutorial that shows you how to make a bootable cwm recovery . it was written for the nook color , but i will help you through it . source : http://androidforums.com/nookcolor-all-things-root/327798-guide-how-make-bootable-cwm-clockworkmod-twrp-bootable-sd-card-06-04-2013-a.html you need an sd card obviously , the guide says 1 gb is good enough . to be honest i am not even sure if you can buy a 1 gb sd card at a store anymore ( you can most defiantly get them online but do not waste your money ) . just go to the store and pick out the cheapest 4 or 8 gb sd card , they are pretty cheap these days . you can get them online if you want to save a couple bucks but i do not think it is worth the wait . download a bootable image file . this is what your android device is actually going to boot up onto . make sure you find one that matches your device . you need software to burn an image to an sd card . if you have mac osx or ubuntu you are in luck because those systems come with software to write images . if you are a windows user , you can just download some software . if you do not know how to do this , just check the tutorial , their instructions are pretty good . if you did all of the steps correctly , you should be able to plug the sd card into the device and it should boot from sd automatically . adb over wifi i am not sure if this will help you , but maybe it will if you could not get the recovery sd card working . you can use adb over wifi to talk to your android device . here is a guide to get you connected to adb over wifi : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1685736 from there you can push a custom rom to install over your current one ( which could restore your usb connectivity ) .
since your device is pretty new there is almost no way it is actually the battery ( unless it is a defective battery ) . it is probably a rouge application . try turning off your device and turning it back on . you should try to reboot your device at least once a week , it will clean up any memory leaks and will help keep system applications from crashing . if restarting does not help , then let the battery die all of the way ; then , let the device charge all the way before turning it on . if you are still having problems then it is either a system app that is getting hung up on something and hogging cpu , or it is a defective battery . you can check how much battery each application is sucking up by going to : settings --> battery information --> battery use that is where it is on my phone at least , it should be in a similar location for you as well . in the case of a defective battery , as long as you have not tampered with the device at all , it is covered under your warranty with the manufacturer . just bring it back to your mobile carrier store and they should be able to handle it for you with no problems . edit : you can use a task killer to kill a rouge process on android . a rouge process could eat up battery especially if it is doing things like using wifi . i had this one development phone that i would charge , and then it would be in my pocket and it would start burning my leg because it would get so hot . it was a rouge system app that was constantly getting stuck in some sort of network loop whenever i was connected to wifi . i usually just restarted my phone , but i would on occasion just kill it with a task manager . here is ( in my opinion ) the best task killer on the market ( for free ) : memory booster - ram optimizer a restart about once a week will keep your phone functioning correctly . this will also clean up any possible memory leaks as well . you should not use a task killer to end an app that is not hogging cpu , android should take care of all of that stuff for you . friends do not let other friends use task killers .
i called vzw , and they actually told me it was a bad google update pushed to my phone prematurely , and that " google would be fixing it in a couple weeks . " amazing that verizon will not even take responsibilities for their ota updates , but blame it on google .
i hate to say it but if you have tried all those other things i would say the next thing to try would be a factory reset . . .
i had this issue quite a bit after i first loaded gb with an ota update . i did a factory reset a few weeks ago and did not have it happen again until today . i also contacted vzw and the first thing they wanted to blame it one was an app that i must've loaded that was behaving badly . it is all over moto 's support forum and all over vzws . hopefully they will have an incremental update that will fix the issue .
this was a semi-known issue on 4.5.585 gingerbread ( verizon 's first official gingerbread update ) . rebooting the phone when it happens was the only remedy . the problem ( i too was affected ) appears to be fixed in the latest verizon update . ( 4.5.602 )
i had problems with my nexus 5 not sending mms messages and it turned out the pictures were just to big . i downloaded an app called go sms pro ( it is free ) and it automatically re-sizes it , and it fixed the issue .
i finally hit upon apn settings which did the trick for me . apn name : straight_talk apn : tfdata port : 80 username : not set password : not set server : not set mmsc : http://mms-tf.net mms proxy : 66.209.11.33 mms port : 80 mcc : 310 mnc : 410 auth type : none apn type : default , supl , mms , hipri , agps , fota , dun , entitle
a slide in a particular direction . or may be a slide in multiple directions ( say one slide to the right from the top left to top right , continued down from right top to right bottom ) . i do not know how effective it might be , but i guess worth a try .
qrcopy is a free app that lets you share your clipboard between your pc and nearly any other device . it uses qr codes to transfer information , so it works on any device that has a qr code reader . the windows version includes a fast qr code reader that works using your webcam , and it has a mobile app that runs on most other devices . once you have some text in your clipboard you just press windows-v and it pops up in an onscreen qr code ready for you to scan using your mobile . to send text back to your pc you use it is qr code generator on your mobile to copy your text to a qr code , then on your pc you just press windows-c and it will fire up your webcam and use it to read the qr code on your mobile device . it only takes a second or two , and it works in any program . http://www.qrcopy.net [ disclaimer : i am a friend of the guy who created qrcopy . ]
google docs drive allows collaborative editing between phone app and webapp . updates typically propogate from one to the other within a few seconds , and just appear in the document on the updated device , with markup to show that it came from someone else . i use it for brainstorming sessions with my colleagues on the go , i like it better than sms/email because it is easier to see what they are talking about ( their text appears in the pertinent part of the document )
i use a standard text file synchronized through dropbox . works in both directions .
i wrote bash script that will do that ( for linux ) . it will require internet too . all you need to do is create a launcher for the script and put it on the panel . highlight the text you want to transfer and click on the launcher . a barcode will appear on the screen and you can scan that . link to script
check out my grabtext chrome app grabtext v 0.1 is a free chrome app to grab the text to your phone . scan the qr code and grab the text . an easy way to copy any text in webpages to your smartphone .
i use evernote to sync text between pc and phone .
try clipsync it is an app i have written that will update the clipboard on your pc once it has detected a change in the android clipboard over wifi . ( and vice versa . ) so you can do : ctr+c ( win ) -> long press - paste ( android ) . long press - copy ( android ) -> ctrl+v ( win ) .
mymobiler is another nice alternative . it streams your screen onto your computer ( kind of like remote desktop over usb ) . it also installs a keyboard which lets you type from your computer . it might need root .
you can try pushbullet app also . it is a very nice app .
chrome-to-phone
you can install the wifi keyboard app from android market . a good app , supports both usb and wifi input . you need to follow information carefully , to get work around .
you can use airdroid . it has a clipboard feature and works over wi-fi .
if your device is rooted now you may use titanium backup . it has freeze feature beside uninstall system apps ( freeze is similar with uninstall but it is reversable )
have you tried teamviewer ? you can use it to control all os .
unified remote has worked very well for me in the past . website android app
if you go to : settings-call-call settings-call forwarding-voice call forwarding -- you will most likely see that for unanswered or unreachable calls it is not disabled because it forwards it to your voicemail , that is why it says conditional call forwarding is active . if you disable all options you will not get the message but then unanswered calls will not go to voicemail
someone may have blocked your calls : (
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
okay , i did a brief test the other day . . . only drove about 80 miles , . . . obviously longer drives would give better averaging samples . but from my short drive , it seems that maps navigation uses roughly 1 mb for every 10 miles .
in a way , the answer is yes . although , i would not consider any of the sites where you would get the rom from to be " official " . what you need to do is download odin3 ( or hemidal ) and use that tool to flash the stock rom on the device . doing so will most likely require you to completely wipe the device to factory state . i found a couple sites that do have the stock firmware , but i do not want to link to the rom directly for a couple reasons . one , i do not know the legality of linking to a the stock firmware and if the file is no longer valid in the future , i do not want this post to be " out of date " . if you google " flash i9000 odin stock " you will likely find a couple different sources that have the files needed to flash back stock . when i did this , the first site had the 2.3 xxjvu release for the i9000 , and the . pit file ( which is also required when going back to stock , and the drivers . it also is a tutorial on how to flash it .
i just googled for " share my location android " , and the first hit looks pertinent : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.sylvek.sharemyposition
glympse is really good for this . basically , you set up a time-limited " glympse " of your location . you can then share that " glympse " via a number of channels , including sms . the recipient need not be a glympse user and can follow your progress on the glympse website . access is automatically revoked at the end of the time limit , thwarting your would-be stalkers . the usual caveats of it is only as accurate as the gps location reported by your device .
google maps can do this . long-press the map at your location ; a popup should appear with the address ; you can tap that and it'll give you the option to " share " that location . from that you can send a text , email , etc .
the " hangouts " app on my ( stock android 4.4.2 ) phone does this , but in a fairly non-intuitive way : open hangouts either tap the + in the upper-right , or tap an existing hangout at the bottom , there is a text area that says " send hangouts message " . just to the right is a paper-clip icon ; tap that . that will reveal a menu with three choices ; the last choice is " location " . tap that . you will see a map labeled " share location " . ( i assume you can scroll the map around to adjust the location , but i have not tried that . ) to the right of the label is a little paper-airplane icon . tap that . you should see a ( rather large ) thumbnail of the map , superimposed over the hangouts text area ; the text area will have in it ( in faint type ) " location ready to send " . tap the paper-airplane icon .
the keymap file for cyanogen is in /system/usr/keylayout/qwerty.kl . all you have to do is find a way to change this file ( never forget backup ) . of course that requires your device to be rooted , you could easily do that using root explorer . android loads keymap configurations on boot , so any changes while the system is running need a restart . i am not sure how long press is mapped on this file , my search function does work long pressing the menu . i checked it out , and found these two lines : key 127 SEARCH WAKE_DROPPED key 217 SEARCH WAKE_DROPPED  check out if these lines matches yours in your file , and if not , change it to a similar way .
with buttonremapper you can remap certain keys , but long press is currently not supported . it might be implemented in the future though , i suggest you follow the topic : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=850464
i just found this free app , my kindle wallpaper which does this simply and easily , no root required . d/l and install it , and point it at a photo or a folder full ( on the kf , not on the net ) , and get your favorite background photo or cycle through several ( one per wake-up , the way the stock software does ) . works perfectly on my original kf with kf v6.3.1 .
it appears that kindle fire is designed to restore its wallpaper on every wake , and that to prevent it , you have to have rooted the kf , and use a file manager to remove the system 's write permission from the new wallpaper file . see this article on xda-developers forum .
the new uhs-i card your phone comes with a microsdhc form factor , and according to scandisk , their cards are compatible : sandisk ultra® microsdxc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb , 32gb , 64gb performance/speed : up to 30mb/s read speed ; write speed lower compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc [ or microsdxc ] supporting host devices sandisk extreme pro® microsdhc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb performance/speed : up to 95 mb/s ( 633x ) read speed ; write speed up to 90 mb/s ( 600x ) compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc supporting host devices since the form factor remains the same , there is no problem here . your device your device , while capable of reading , will be unable to take advantages over this new card speeds . mainly because this technology is new and the os simple was not prepared for it . on a personal note : do not spend your money with this card on that specific phone . you will have no gain from it .
will those cards work with my device ? yes , i believe sdhc uhs-i ( ultra high speed ) cards are backwards compatible and will " work " in an sdhc only device ( that the motorola milestone appears to be ) . do they need any special support from the os ? yes , in order to operate at the advertised higher speeds . " use of uhs requires that the host device command the card to drop from 3.3-volt to 1.8-volt operation and select the 4-bit transfer mode . " wikipedia - secure digital will i benefit from extra speed ? no , it will work like an ordinary sdhc class 10 card .
wvm is a video file that has been encrypted using the widevine ( now google ) drm platform . the first 10 seconds are not encrypted , that is why you can see it in vlc .
wmv stands for windows media video -- so what you have found very likely is a video-file with subtitles . it could be a demo video shipped together with the application in whichs directory it resides ( google play movies and tv ) . i would say it should be safe to delete it -- but i would first try doing so via the app itself to be sure ( there you also could first play it to see what it is about -- plus deleting it from there would ensure all connected data is removed as well ) . in the worst case , you may need to re-install the app .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
a wvm file is not the same as a wmv , the wvm is a video downloaded from google play movies and is a type of mpeg-4 video file . it is currently unable to be opened by anything other than the google play movies app because of the drm properties surrounding the file .
wmv and wvm not same . if you download some film in the android market inside this film format wvm . if you want to check you can . this file inside ( storage - sdcard0 - android - data - com . google . android . videos - files - movies -yi5zzw43oubnbwfpbc5jb20 ) all this film this folder inside . you can delete if you want .
usually sideloading is not prevented by the manufacturer , but by the operator . all the tablets i have tried had no operator customizations and supported sideloading . of course , this depends on your country and operator .
no . both versions of the nexus 7 use ips lcd displays , which are not vulnerable to burn-in or other detrimental effects from displaying a fixed graphic . burn-in in currently used display technologies is a problem limited to organic light emitting diode ( oled ) displays , such as those used on the samsung galaxy s3 and s4 . the electroluminescent compounds used to make these displays degrade as they are used ( resulting in reduced brightness over time ) , thus displaying a fixed graphic will result in some parts of the screen wearing at a different rate than other parts . compounding this issue is that different colours of oled degrade at different rates ( blue degrades fastest , followed by green , then red ) . here 's an example of what this looks like . the burned-in sections will be permanently darker than the rest of the screen .
you need to download the latest version of google play services : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms picture of google settings : read this article for more information : http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/02/26/silently-installing-itself-on-a-device-near-you-the-green-google-settings-icon-its-just-google-play-services-3-0/
by default the contacts you see on the web are your most used contacts . you have to choose all contacts to see everyone .
is your phone configured to sync contacts with your google account ? to verify this go to settings --> accounts and sync , tab on your account and verify that the sync contacts option is checked . if this option is checked then the contacts are synced to your account but you are probably using a configuration in your gmail web account that only shows you the most used contacts instead of all contacts .
there are no ps2 emulators for android yet , but there is a rumor on pcsx2 possibly being ported to android sometime in the future . as of now , most devices do not have the desired computing power for ps2 emulation , but in the future they most likely will .
you need to check your sim ( subscriber identification module ) and if necessary get a new one from your service provider - if it is corrupted then you would not be allowed to sign on to the network . a factory reset only wipes the device itself , not the sim .
the problem is when you try to call anyone the error message says “not registered on network“ . i was fascinated this error in my samsung phone , so i was working on this issue and trying to solve this issue . how to fix not registered on network in samsung or android phones
to anyone still reading this . there is an app on play ( galaxy charging current lite ) that shows the charging current while charging . uppon reaserching i find out that the phone software limits charging current . the default current for ac charging is set to 800ma , for usb charging to 480ma . but if you are rooted , you can apply new kernel ( mine is agni purecm kernel ) and you can change that up to ac : 1500ma , usb : 1000ma . but you must have ac charger that can produce that current . original samsung is 1000ma .
look into the usb battery charge spec 2.0 for cdp . a simple accessory to test with is an evaluated kit for the tps2546 . available from digikey for about $25 . note i believe my siii recently stopped supporting cdp after a vzw update . . .
it does not seem to be possible . at least not in the post it self . in the list of posts it is however . the only way i am able to scroll in posts , is sideways , which changes the post . it could be done programmatically though , by combining and rewriting some stuff . but then it is of course no longer google reader : ) a suggestion however ( which is what i do ) is to make a small hole in the thumb of the glove . then the skin is able to make electric connections on the touch screen : )
if you are still searching the best solution would be bluestacks . its vey fluent and does not lag .
genymotion is an accelerated emulator , which may let you get a better feel for the ui and graphics applications . i believe it paravirtualizes graphics ( opengl ) calls , using the host 's graphics processor to accelerate the emulator .
have you given the amazon appstore 's test drive feature a try ? super simple , runs in most browsers - simply find an app in the store for which amazon has test drive available then click the big green test drive button ( a list of test drive apps is here ) . once you have a test drive session open click the home button on the bottom of the emulator to access the homescreen then voila , android ! fwiw i personally do not think the sdk emulator is a bad choice even though it is developer-focused . quick and easy instructions are at how to geek if you are interested .
there is an ios app called dreamboard that allows you to use the android ui on your iphone/ipod . it is just a launcher that changes the theme so as to give you a feel of how the android ui looks like . please note that , inorder to download this app , you should jailbreak your ios device . i currently have this app on my ipod touch , downloaded from appcake ( which i downloaded from cydia after jailbreaking my device ) here 's a video link : dreamboard in action hope this helps .
try android x86 as a virtual machine on virtual box . this is by far the best working android i have seen . . . it has the basic , default android ui . it is fully functional . it works 4 times faster than my htc sensation android x86 iso files : http://code.google.com/p/android-x86/downloads/list how to install it : http://dev.blogs.nuxeo.com/2011/10/speeding-up-the-android-emulator.html
total = application + data application = size of apk file of the app data = space consumed by /data/data/&lt;Package_Name_of_App&gt; ( it contains data stored by the app ) other stats details : if Force Stop button is active , it means the app is running in background . you can use this button to stop the app from running . Cache section shows how much data the app has stored in /cache partition . if Clear Defaults button is active , it means the app is set as default to complete an action like sending email , open url etc . you can tap this button to clear default ( s ) . on the same page , you can get list and small description about Permissions the app has . if you need explanation of permissions , check this article out .
use titanium backup ( in the market ) to uninstall system apps -- it handles everything nicely .
what ended up working was re-installing the stock nexus one ( a . k.a. passion ) image . there seem to be several different ways to go back to a stock installation , but what worked for me was : download the PASSIMG_Passion_.zip file from shipped-roms . com re-name the file passimg.zip and copy it to the sd card via usb booted into hboot ( hold the volume down button while powering on the phone ) selected ' yes ' when asked if hboot should install the image the above steps were inspired by this post in the xda-developers forum . after doing this , ota updates started working again .
it looks like you need to re-add the twitter . apk , update , then remove it again . have you tried that ? the patch itself is trying to find that apk for the update ( not sure if you can change the patch since it is probably signed ? ) .
it is not possible to directly upload songs from your device to google music , but there is an alternative way i can suggest you . advice : is kinda a long process for something so simple , but , hey , google 's fault . you need dropbox , dropsync ( free for one folder on the market https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ttxapps.dropsyncfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs50dhhhchbzlmryb3bzew5jil0 . but we do not need the pro key for this , even if it is a great program and i suggest you to use it :p ) and , sadly , a pc with google music manager and dropbox installed . it kinda defeat its purpose this way , but it is the only automatic way to do this , as far as i know . otherwise you had have to manually transfer every song from your phone to your pc . you simply start installing dropbox and getting it to work . when it is all set up , you open dropsync and select the folder with your song inside and a folder on dropbox , which shall contain only your music files . done ? now you fire up your pc and launch google music manager . select the folder you synced with dropsync and check " automatically upload new song " . what happens now ? everytime you download a song in your device , in the folder you selected , dropsync copies it on your pc , which triggers google music manager to upload it to its servers . so yeah , google music should implement a way to do this , definitely , but here 's this workaround ; )
do not worry as the device is new you have warranty , do a factory reset and see .
not exactly a solution , but this seems to be part of the problem : launch camera directly from lock screen time is often of the essence when trying to capture the perfect picture . the galaxy s5 lets you bypass the lock screen to snap a picture . simply swipe the camera icon up ( in the lower right hand corner ) and you’ll launch directly into the camera app ! if this feature isn’t turned on you can do so by : go to settings > lock screen check “camera shortcut” you’re done ! even if you have a pattern or password lock set up this will let you take pictures without unlocking your phone . how this is being enabled is anyones guess .
for non-rooted phones . up until 2.1 it is not possible . regular apps do not have the permission to perform full wipes or factory restores . i believe there are apps that erase your call/sms records and your contacts . starting with 2.2 , it seems google is granting limited root powers to apps that use device administration . it is supposedly a way for enterprises to policy their employee 's phones , and requires an extra confirmation by the owner . but i believe it could be used by anyone writing an app . in fact , the code for wiping seems so simple that i think you could write an open-source app yourself if you have some programming background . ; - ) for rooted phones . there are remote wipe apps , but i do not believe any of them is open source ( that i have heard of ) . remote wipe for root users is possibly the simplest one , and it is in the market , but i have never tried it myself . this app is no longer on the market .
one open-source remote security app is prey , although i do not think it does remote wipe .
kaspersky security does some remote locking and other things like location .
if the need for an open source app is purely down to your lack of trust in opaque , pre-compiled apps , then there are remote wipe apps that you do not need to keep permanently installed on your phone , but you can just push-install from the market when needed . this way you would only need to have the app installed on the phone for seconds before it is wiped . some options for that are in this previous question is there any way to erase personal information from my phone that has already been stolen ?
without question the security best app that also does remote wiping is cerberus . i reviewed cerberus and a bunch of other security apps some little while ago , and have not seen anything to change my opinion yet . short answer as to why cerberus is better : it is controllable both by sms and by a web dashboard , can be integrated into the kernel so that a reset does not wipe it , and has a boatload of well implemented features . well worth the $5 it costs . @nicolas-raoul asked me to post my thoughts about the open source app prey , so here they are my review : some redditors asked about prey as a phone security app . i just tried it out , and it’s missing most features i would consider important . the most vital was that while you can trigger it via a text message , i didn’t see any way to trigger a “report” from the website . in fact , you have to subscribe to the pro version at us$5 . oo/month in order to be able to request the geolocation whenever you want it as opposed to whenever the prey app runs at some unspecified interval , which pretty much kills the utility of the app as an anti-theft utility . the only features i could find were obtaining the current location ( but no real time tracking , and it doesn’t specify whether it gets the info from gps or by cell tower triangulation so it may not resolve very far ) , getting phone network info , triggering an audio alarm , triggering a message box alert , and locking the phone . while it’s great that it’s open source and that it supports so many mobile computing platforms and so might be good for protecting laptops or tablets , i wouldn’t recommend it as a phone anti-theft device .
i think it is probably best to do a factory reset and see if that helps . however you could try going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile Networks and experimenting . i recommend shutting off roaming and making sure network mode is on auto .
ensure you properly dismount the phone storage from your computer , and then have your phone mount it , before disconnecting usb .
yes , most video players will automatically up- or down-scale videos to fit the screen . android os itself , and video player apps , do not have a limit on video size . obviously each device 's hardware is only fast enough to decode so many pixels per second , so there is an upper limit on video resolution , data rate , and frame rate for smooth playback . like any other playback device , if an android device does not have enough pixels on its screen to play 1080p video , it can not be advertised with the " full hd " trademark logo .
android 's does not have an integrated fm radio functionality ( api ) , if a device features fm support , it was added by the manufacturer . because of that there is no standard way to access it via 3rd party apps . you can try this app but your mileage may vary .
the spirit fm radio unlocked has slight support for recording . most of it is experimental however . there are no other tuned fm radio apps on the market , that run on all devices . the only way to get full fm recording facilities , is if your oem puts this feature into the stock fm radio app .
for usb teathering i know only two options that ( in my experience ) works well : azilink - the hard but free way easyteather - the easy but non-free way
you will need root access on your devices ( well , at least on the old one ) in order to copy the apps off it . once rooted , you can use a number of 3rd-party " backup " apps to save a copy of the apps to your sd card , copy it to your pc , and then side-load them onto your new phone . the one i use is titanium backup . root your original device . look at sites like xda-developers or rootzwiki for help with that . in titanium backup use the backup/restore functionality to backup the apps you need to the sd card . on the new phone also install titanium backup app , enable side-loading ( menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources ) , and use the restore functionality to restore the apps . if you do not feel like installing a 3rd-party backup app , this can be done manually , although it is a lot more involved ( installing android sdk , usb drivers , using command prompt to find package names and copy the apks from old phone and installing them on the new one . )
found the following on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=793102page=3 it is working now . after setting up ics type in console emulator on your phone :
if there is an update available for your android phone in android you go to settings -> about phone -> system updates good luck !
a custom rom is basically any rom ( the android image ) that did not come from the manufacturer of the device . as for why you had do this , there are a few reasons some manufacturers do not bother providing updates after device release . custom roms can provide a newer android version than the manufacturer and thus provide additional features and security updates . also , there are various features that some manufacturers do not include , such as 2-way call recording . custom roms using custom kernels can provide these features .
this can happen when the contact is not one you originally typed into your phone , but it instead was synced using an app , such as from an exchange address list . in this case , you need to either create a copy of the contact on your phone , and edit the copy , or go to the source that the contact was synced from and edit it there .
pa-gapps has packaged the necessary support files , which are flashable as a zip . you can use just the google camera module . hdr support files from the nexus 5 factory image have been added to all gapps packages . this may help users who prefer to install google camera from the play store [ stock/full/mini/micro ]
the fast web install feature relies on background data being enabled . if you turn this off , ( settings > account and sync > background data ) any apps you select in the market website will not be downloaded to your phone . when you switch background data back on , anything you ( or your nefarious account accessor ) have queued will be downloaded .
in the preference for the appbrain application there are settings to enable and disable fast web install . menu > preferences > disable fast web install .
after you enter the starting point and destination , the app gives you the possible routes . on that screen the best route has a start navigation option ; selecting this causes the app to crash . instead select the route you prefer and then hit the start arrow at the bottom right corner . works for me .
i have an at and t galaxy siii . i use betterbatterystats when i have battery issues . lately i have been having problems with the calendar sync service keeping the phone awake . i cleared its data and resynced from scratch , and that helped , but a few hours ago i created a new calendar , and now it is going bonkers again . anyway , the best i have been able to get is about 3% per hour when not being actively used . i might have seen 2.5% one time , but that was a few months ago . typically though , especially with this calendar sync problem , i see 4.5% per hour or worse . so if your question is , " how long should the battery last ? " my best answer from my experience is about 24-28 hours , considering an average 3% per hour drain while idle , and light usage . if you make a few long phone calls , that will , of course , drain it much faster . but any apps that go haywire and cause excess wakelocks will wreck it quick . i love the freedom of android compared to ios , but i really want more control over apps background behavior . android 4.3 may provide this , but who knows if the siii will ever get it .
most of the time when a unpacked and modified rom gets repacked , it will become unusable/unstable because it failed to get resigned with the proper key . you need to have the zip package resigned from the original firmware key . that is why you are experiencing those hiccups . also if any of the apps depend on libs and/or resouces , you would need to make sure they are in place as well - prior to repacking and resigning for a decent write up take a look at this : http://androiddomain.weebly.com/build-your-own-rom.html . this will show one of the proper ways of repackaging a rom .
my phone is also on 2.3.3 . the updates get pushed out depending on a number of factors including region ( as mentioned by crashhh in his comment ) and carrier . from my understanding , often the releases will be controlled by the manufacturer ( and in the case of samsung and most others , customisation occurs ) . once the manufacturer is ready to support it in a particular region , it will release the software to the carriers . many carriers will also make their own modifications ( and add their own bloatware ) . only once this process is complete , will the update be available in kies . with the release of gingerbread in australia from my carrier , i know that the release went back and forth between samsung and the carrier a few times , delaying its release to customers . i am speculating , but the update you received may have been some sort of patch to the manufacturer/carrier specific software , and therefore i would not expect it to increment the version number of the os .
yes - there is a setting you need to change . the notification bar 's actions are based on what you have gmail set up to do when swiping away an email within the app . to change it from Archive: open Gmail and go to Settings there change the Swiping conversation list from Archive/unlabel/delete to Always delete this changed my notification bar action from Archive to Delete
you have two options . do a factory reset . go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; reset &gt; Factory data reset . when you are asked to log-in your google account , it will ask you if you want to download the apps you installed before . usually , your paid apps will be installed ( and possibly some of the free apps ) . you may have to manually install the others . or , you can always use titanium backup . make sure to back-up only user apps , not system apps . then , restore those user apps after you have flashed a new rom .
also , if the above does not work for you , or there are many apps that have not been downloaded you can bulk install previously installed apps using the " my apps " on the play store . My Apps &gt; All  then press and hold on an app , and it will be selected . apps that have already been installed onto your device will be greyed out . you can then press on any other apps you want to install , then " install " at the top right .
just dial *#9900# on the tablet and select option 2 “delete dumpstate/logcat” in the prompted menu . this is awesome !
i faced the same problem . i have tried almost all the solutions given in almost all the forums . bad news - none helped . there may be still be a valid/correct solution out there . however , good news is that there is a way to overcome this problem . maybe we can call it an ' indirect way ' as the problem remains but you can install new apps . install and run moborobo on your pc . connect phone to pc through moborobo , and install apps to phone through moborobo .
try " clean master ( cleaner ) " app , it might work for you . edit : i just realised that the question was asked a couple of months ago ! !
you can clean junk data from mobile : clear app data some apps store a lot of temporary files on the internal memory which can build up over time . apps like facebook , google maps and web browsers are particularly bad for this , due to the massive amounts of data they have to manage on a regular basis . clearing out these temporary files can free up a great deal of memory for your smartphone and can be done by following these simple steps : go to settings select ' applications ' select ' manage applications ' find the application you wish to clear and press on it press the options for both ' clear data ' and ' clear cache ' another simple way to free up storage space is by deleting all the log files in the device memory . just dial *#9900# on the tablet and select option 2 “delete dumpstate/logcat” in the prompted menu . hope it helps you ! !
happy to help . here 's a link to a solution that worked . notable is the fact that this works for at least two devices that i have troubleshooted , so there is a high probability that this will work for you . while i did not have the liberty of connecting my device ( a galaxy nexus gsm ) in the usb mode , i did see all my files in the mtp mode after doing everything exactly as it is detailed . all the best !
as far as i know " the requested item could not be found " status comes when the particular app/game is not compatible with your android mobile or its not there in market . i do not know if there are any other scenarios the same will occur .
try clearing the cache and data of the market application .
i think i found the problem . i turned option off that lets use 3rd party apps internet connection as was recommended on one blog on power plan optimization on android .
you have to wait until samsung lets out their update with their added components , or flash a custom rom onto it . i do not know how to do that , so i will not provide a recommendation . depending on what network you are on , it may be a little while yet . an article about that .
as the others have said , you have to wait . but it would help to know which galaxy nexus you have . is it a gsm one or verizon 's galaxy nexus ? i am pretty sure verizon has given up on updating that phone at this point . and regardless of which version you have , it will not be updated to 4.4 ( see : https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/3468085?hl=en ) but as zlatty said , you can always install a custom rom . the plus side to this is the development community has not given up on it and have been getting updates out frequently . plus , you lose the carrier bloat if yours is a verizon or sprint gnex . one word of advice to keep in mind if you go this route , though : installing a custom rom will require a factory reset and has a whole process to go through . you will lose any data you do not back up .
segmenting off of what matt voboril said , you can go over to xda developers and learn how to unlock your phone ( so you can tinker with it ) , install a new recovery ( so that you can manipulate at the system level ( backups , side-loading , installing new roms , etc . ) , and install a rom with the latest android ( 4.4.2 atm ) . if you are using verizon 's gnex , go here . if you have the gsm varient , go here . i would recommend anything that paranoidandroid , aokp or cyanogenmod have to offer .
once you unlock the bootloader , the only major risk you may face is bricking the phone when loading the aosp images of a previous android version .
there might be several approaches you could try . no guarantees whatsoever , and i did not try any of those . still mentioning them , so you can investigate for yourself . note further that these solutions will require root access on your device . first , there is an app called switchme , which already was available before the multi-user feature was released with android 4.2 . switchme works with android 2.1 and higher . second , our friends at xda have a thread on porting multi users jb to ics ( but it seems that approach died before producing a workable solution ) .
you probably need download and install lg tools and drivers from lg web site . and follow the software instructions . also this is the site for ireland http://www.lg.com/ie/android/index.jsp , mentioning upgrade of gt540 to android 2.1 eclair . you may also check these two references : - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1032744 - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=803695 i learned a lot from xda forums and beware most of things in xda are on your responsibility , meaning yes , there is a chance you can brick your phone .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . next , open kdz_fw_upd . exe ( i ) change ' type ' to '3gqct ' this is a must , the update will not work otherwise and you may brick your phone ( ii ) make sure ' phonemode ' is set to ' diag ' ( iii ) browse for the ' v20b_00+fastboot . kdz ' file . prepare the phone by enabling usb debugging by going to settings> applications> development> enable usb debugging and connect the phone to the computer via usb cable and wait for the drivers to install for the phone . sometimes the computer still will not recognize the phone , if this is the case , try this : windows vista and windows 7 users press start and type device manager ( windows xp users right click ' my computer ' and click properties , then click the hardware tab and click device manager ) then locate lge android platform modem , right click it and click disable . accept any warnings that come up . also , make sure you have disabled mass storage mode on your phone . to do this , go to settings> storage> enable mass storage , and untick the box . click ' launch software update ' and do not use your computer until the update is complete . the update will take roughly 10-20 mins to complete . this method was found in the androidforums . there is also a youtube tutorial on rooting the gt540 . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help !
in order to root an android phone , you have to take into account the manufacturer of the phone and the model , and also you need to take into account the android version installed . the process to root a phone is based on some exploit in the system , and each android version with each model has a different method , which takes advantage of different exploits . there are common exploits across some models , but in general , you need to look for a rooting method for your phone model and the android version it has . i have used this page on some occasions to look for tutorials , but you can also look in xda developers
the latest google maps app has the navigation function in-built . the navigation " app " was always integrated into maps . the blue icon was just a separate entry point into that maps . if you select a destination , look at the bottom of the screen where it says navigate and you will recognize what comes up next .
update -- this morning i went to look for my familiar blue triangle and it was gone again ! i found out that you have to go into the google play app on your phone . tap on the top right icon for options . then click settings . then click on the auto-update apps . then select do not auto-update apps . do this first , then the steps below . . . go to settings , apps , and google maps . click the uninstall updates . it will give you a warning about all updates will be removed . click yes . open maps like normal . close maps and go back to your normal all applications , and navigation is back !
cyanogenmod is a fork of aosp ( android open source project ) , more customisable and with many added niceties ( see the why page on cm 's wiki for details ) . one of the main advantages it that you are able to update phones for which its vendor stopped releasing updates . for instance , i have cyanogenmod 10.2 , which is based on android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) on my nexus s . google only updated android up to 4.1.2 for this phone . when you install it you do not have the google apps ( like maps , hangouts , search , etc ) but you can install the " gapps " package which contains these apps .
i guess the best resource for you is the official cyanogenmod wiki : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/main_page
cyanogenmod versus android to ask how cyanogenmod is different from android is comparable to ask how is a cat different from an animal . cyanogenmod is an android custom-rom . see : our rom tag-wiki for what a rom is our custom-rom tag-wiki for details on custom roms our cyanogenmod tag-wiki for details on cyanogenmod quoting the latter , which quotes from the cyanogenmod website : cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for a number of cell phones based on the open-source android operating system . it offers features not found in the official android based firmwares of vendors of these cell phones . as you are asking about ecosystems : cyanogenmod meanwhile is a company . there might be multiple ecosystems using the same resources . as will be shown below : google versus android versus cyanogenmod android is not google , and google is not android . behind android stands the aosp team . so android is open source , which is why other groups like cyanogenmod can use it . the " iron grip " of your question does not go to android itself , it is rather the additions google puts on top , the so-called google apps ( see : google-apps and its tag-wiki ) . those apps are not open-source , but closed-source . cyanogenmod started shipping their own counter-parts for several of the google-apps ( and features ) , and here you have got your ecosystem : apps and services . cyanogenmod is not permitted to ship the google-apps with their roms , you have to install them manually ( if you want them ) , or leave them out . there are many substitutes available , so you can use android without google : android os without google services ? can an android phone run without google ? guide : how to use your android phone without google android without google ­– discussion @xda can i trust x with my data ? google earns its money with advertisements . if you can trust them with your data , imho you can trust cyanogenmod even more . if you do not want to trust either of them , there are alternatives such as owncloud , funambol , and more , which you can use with any rom , cyanogenmod included – setting up your own cloud , as one of the names suggests . concerning the google-play-store and " where to get my apps from": as with the other google-apps , custom roms are not permitted to bundle them with their distributions . but there are a lot of alternative and open-source markets , like f-droid etc . ( see our alternative-markets tag-wiki ) . there have been rumours about a cyanogenmod app market , but i must have missed that taking off .
by far the easiest way to do this is to use firefox as your web browser everywhere , and then use firefox 's built in sync functionality . this will ( optionally ) sync not just your bookmarks , but also your history , your saved passwords and your preferences , and let you see the recent tabs you have had open on different machines . start by installing firefox for android , then on your pc go into firefox 's options , click the sync tab and run through the wizard to set up sync and the encryption key . then open firefox on your android device and you should see a prominent option to set up sync that will involve copying a short authentication code between your phone and pc copies of firefox . after that it will start pulling all of the info down from your pc to your phone ( you may want to make sure you are on wifi for this first sync ) . for a clearer guide , with pictures , see this page on the mozilla support site how do i sync firefox between my desktop and mobile ?
there are holo themes available for the t-mobile/cyanogenmod theme chooser . if you have the theme chooser you just download a holo theme from the market select it . you can find out more about cyanogenmod ( has the theme chooser built in ) here .
i use foldermount ( needs root ) as a workaround to this issue . i create a link of the folder where the camera images are stored to a different folder in the external sd card . today some apps store big files over the internal sd card ( e . g . games , podcasts , offline rss content , pictures , videos , offline navigation software ) . typically users have a small internal sd card size ( ~16gb ) while the external sd is a lot bigger ( ~32-64gb ) . most of these apps users download from the play store save their application data in the internal sdcard by default and do not have an option to use the external sd card to store data so they starve your internal sd card memory . foldermount is the solution to this issue . this app has the ability to link folders in your internal sdcard to folders in your external sdcard thereby populating the internal sdcard folders with content that really exists in the external card . this helps us free space and have multiple games/apps with big data stored simultaneously without the need to uninstall . for nexus devices with no external sdcard , this application should help link folders to a usb flash drive for example .
you can now download it using your network only , no need for wifi . the wifi only option was until 23 november . i am currently downloading 4.4 over my mobile internet only .
or you can just change the date in your system to sometime in the future . this should trick your phone into downloading it now .
if you have already downloaded the zip file then you need to flash it via recovery mode using a custom recovery . you usually get to this by holding power+ down on htc devices . custom recoveries like twrp can also reinstall root if it is lost during the update process .
it turned out she was trying to get into her accounts via a web browser rather than apps . she needed to include an " m " in the url to get the mobile version of her sites . thanks for the input everyone .
though i do not have an answer to your question - i suggest you check powertutor ( at powertutor . org ) and see if it helps in the interim and/or long term
this could be achieved with tasker : you can create a " task " performing the HTTP_GET you need , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen ( the same way you had create any other shortcut there : tasker task shows up in the list of available shortcuts , and lets you select the task to create the shortcut for ) .
it is possible that you are long-pressing the icon and then sliding it over to the other screen . this is also how you could put it back where you want it without deleting and re-adding the icon/widget . several times i have inadvertantly rested a finger on the keyboard long enough to bring up the menu .
the g2 is indeed supposed to have 4gb but the desire z ( which is g2 's twin with sense , for europe ) only gets 2gb . it seems like a mix-up occured somehow between the 2 phones , because a lot of g2s only have 2gb . i guess t-mobile knows the issue and maybe you could get another phone .
the g2 does indeed have 4gb of internal storage , but not all of it is visible to the operating system . the internal memory ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 ) shows up as 2256 mb which place it solidly in the this-is-4gb-of-memory camp . there are several reasons for confusion on this point . of the 2256mb of internal memory visible to the os , 1.3gb is allocated to /data ( storage for apps ) . this 1.3gb is what you see when you look at " internal phone storage " in settings-> sd card and phone storage . partitioning in this was has been standard on all android phones . the new part with the g2 is where the rest of the 4gb of internal memory are . there has been wild speculation on this point , but a backup copy of the entire os portion of the phone or space for future updates make the most sense .
if you install superuser you can control which apps are allowed root access . by default it blocks all requests and asks you what you want to do . you can give an app access indefinitely and revoke it at any time , or allow only specific requests with a timeout . most rooted roms come with it pre-installed , including cyanogenmod , and many rooting methods will install it for you as well . as an alternative , you could remove the su binary and busybox from your device to effectively un-root it .
this is normal , because google search offers its own predictions/corrections . it is kind of silly , but that is how it works .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
do not touch the screen . instead , use the tab and the arrow keys on the bluetooth keyboard to navigate . this way , the pop-up keyboard will never come up . it is a challenge . there are a lot of shortcuts and tricks to learn , but it is more convenient once you get the hang of it . i guess the simplest answer would be to get a bluetooth mouse as well . use that to select things instead of touching the screen .
there is a way but not an easy way . you can use keyboards like null keyboard . a keyboard that does nothing . yes , really . this keyboard is useful if you have an external bluetooth keyboard paired with your phone and you want to stop the on-screen keyboard from popping up all the time . the problem is every time you change mode you have to change the input method .
simple idea is to type the required message in any text editor on phone ( or in any messaging app itself / or write a gmail and save as draft ) and then take a screenshot of the text and send it over to the intended people !
doing a full Clear Data on the default browser ( " internet " on the incredible ) worked for me . just make sure you have your other bookmarks backed up ( for example , using an app such as backup bookmarks could be used to back them up to sd ) . the steps should look something like this : settings > applications > manage applications > all > internet > clear data edit : as mentioned in the comment below , bookmarks manager allows users to delete the default browser favorites/bookmarks . note that the crossed-out portion of this answer would erase things such as history , entered text , etc . however , apparently not the default bookmarks .
if you got your gapps from goo.im , you could manually check if the md5sum of the . zip file you downloaded is correct . this would assure you that the file has not been tampered with . if flashing through clockworkmod recovery , there is this option : install zip from sdcard &gt; toggle signature verification .
all android apps are signed . android will not run an unsigned app . in addition , the signatures are tied to the app permissions , such that if the signature was wrong , other apps would not be able to talk with it , and you would not be able to receive updates to it from google play . android signing is discussed in more depth in signing your applications in the android developer documentation , from which the above information was drawn . if you are paranoid and want to verify an app 's signature , you can use the jarsigner utility included with the java development kit ( jdk ) . for example : jarsigner -verify -verbose -certs Vending.apk 
you need to first install a key logger on the device ( which will need to be rooted for full functionality ) and then you will be able to log all key strokes . there are several apps that offer that . p . s using keyloggers to spy on people is illegal in most countries .
pairing is not enough , is it connected ? in the bluetooth settings you can do a long touch on the device to get into device-specific options .
just reading the description on the stereo page you linked to , it sounds like it has built-in software to extend the normal bt profiles to allow 2-way control of ipods and iphones . this extended functionality will not translate to your android device unless jvc comes out with a firmware update for your stereo that supports android .
never do that . perhaps it helps to increase your speed but it consumes much more power . if performance in cpu increases , undoubtedly , the power usage will increase dramatically . try to keep your factory rom and looking for some good free app in the market for increasing the speed .
in theory , your phone should perform considerably faster with cyanogenmod 11 , because kitkat was designed with entry/mid-level phones in mind ; requiring only 512 mb of ram to run . ( see this page about project svelte for more information . ) cyanogenmod also adds a whole slew of features like heads up notifications and privacy guard on top of the aosp code , so your phone will not only be fast but also be very useful . keep in mind , however , that cyanogenmod ( along with others such as pa and omnirom ) are third-party roms , and therefore lack the various " enhancements " that the manufacturer has made in the stock rom ; so do not be surprised if you see that the camera does not perform as well , the battery drains faster than usual , etc .
i have 4 google accounts , so no there is not a limit of 3 . i am guessing trying two apps accounts is the problem . try adding another standard ( gmail ) google account and see if that works . edit : i would try a factory reset at this point .
i tried again earlier today , and found it working . cause of the fix might be : a ) enabling multiple login on this account ; b ) migrating the google apps domain to the latest version ; c ) time , and it fixing itself .
as a further answer i forgot there is media monkey which just has basic usb copy which will do what you want - let you make a playlist and just copy it to your phone .
most apps use m3u playlist which is a pretty standard format . you can manually sync or sync your playlists using doubletwist for insert OS here . i dont even believe that youre required to run doubletwist on your phone . also cubed has the ability to create and edit playlists right on the phone
why not install " dropbox " on your pc and on your phone . you can drag and drop files either way back and forth then ; ) i have not tried it with a playlist . but certainly done it for mp3 and other files .
i use missing sync from mark/space . . . it works with windows media player and itunes . it will also sync over wifi which is kind of cool . it is not free , but $30 is not too bad .
it stopped to ask my password after about 4 reboots , or 4 days . i do not know what was causing the problem .
if you have an sd card in your phone try , removing it first and try again . if it works , then good .
you could use tasker to handle the proximity thing . additionally have you tried clicking the power button ?
if you are not rooted , you can root your phone with this when you are rooted , try this - install rom manager flash clockworkmod recovery ( via rom manager ) download cyanogenmod ( via rom manager ) install rom ( via rom manager ) that is it , very simple and easy .
your phone need to be rooted , otherwise you can not install rom manager because it needs root acces . if you rooted your phone just download cyanogenmod and install it trought cwm ( clockworkmod recovery ) download cm : http://get.cm and search your device or go to http://cyanogenmod.com an click on get cyanogenmod and click on your device . i think you should download an stable mod because your are an custom rom noob as i see .
you can do so by having your wifi switched off when its signal gets weak . there are several apps available on the playstore which can watch the wifi signal , one of them being tasker ( which is what i use ) . here you can define a minimum level and tell tasker : if wifi signal falls below this , switch wifi off . of course you can make it even more detailed , and letting it check every x minutes whether signal quality has improved . it might be a little tricky to set up first ( especially when one is not used to tasker ) -- but once it works , and you figure out what else can be done with that app , you do not want to miss it . an example how this could look like can be found in <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? -- a little different topic , but a similar idea behind it . you might also take a look at similar apps . though tasker is not free ( you can get a 7-day trial on their website ) , it is worth every cent -- but might be hard for beginners . there are other automation apps around , as e.g. llama , which might also able to do a similar job .
bestsignal seems like the perfect solution . it offers both default configurations and also advanced configurations .
i just installed bestsignal on my htc one m7 from the developer of the same name . it is the paid version but only aud1.99 and it works well , simple yet highly functional gui . however it was not compatible on my google nexus 7 ( 2012 ) nor my asus transformer tf700t so be sure to check your device compatibility .
stock recovery does not come with adb access . try a recent version of clockworkmod recovery for your device ( the older versions do not all have adb support ) you will need to flash the recovery on using fastboot ( see @mishap 's answer )
adb is not available in the bootloader , try using fastboot instead for a quick and dirty rundown of flashing your device with a new image using fastboot : adb reboot bootloader use fastboot devices to verify your device is visible , if not , you are probably running windows , and you have to install some funky drivers . if you do not see ' unlocked ' at the bottom of the screen , use the command fastboot oem unlock then just : fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot flash system system.img fastboot flash userdata userdata.img fastboot flash recovery recovery.img if you feel super confident you could just : ps you should only use the flash commands if the referenced files are present , if not you may or may not brick your phone ( have not tried flashing a non-existent file to the device yet )
once you have actually installed an application , open it up in the market and the " my review " section will appear -- you can give it a 1-5 star rating , and then submit comments . if you have not installed ( or have uninstalled the app ) s , you can only view comments ( or mark as spam ) . see also : market comment posting policy .
navigate to market , select menu > downloads and you will see the list of apps on your phone . notice the my rating section where you can star and comment on the app .
just to be clear : you cannot add a comment to an app until you have rated it ( out of 5 stars ) . you cannot rate an app until you have installed it . once you have installed and rated and app , then you can comment . ( even if you no longer have the app installed . )
i actually did not know this until just a few minutes ago but you can use pdadb .net's pda-chooser to search by release year ( so not exact date but at least its something ) . obviously if its not in the database it will not appear and i am guessing that only confirmed devices/dates are entered . that along with gus 's answer should help . you may also want to check out engadget
i typically find out about new android devices coming out on gizmodo . the only official place i know of is google 's phone store . it does not list new phones that are coming out , only what is currently out .
http://www.androidauthority.com and http://www.gsmarena.com are the best sites for new stuff and mobiles !
gsmarena . com is another popular site for cellphone news and device information . as with pdanet mentioned by daniel , you can search by " coming soon " devices that meet whatever specifications you are interested in .
daniels suggestion ( pdadb .net) definitely has the most comprehensive list but i am not thrilled with the ui . it is not the most user friendly . i prefer phonescoops search which seems to cover all the major us devices . here is a link to a search for results of all the " coming soon " android phones . also , if you are looking for blogs , bgr . com is always seems to be one of the first to report on new devices .
i see you just follow what is here : http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/enable-adb-usb-drivers-for-nvidia-tegra-based-android-tablets/ i just did the same ( obviously changing the pid and vid numbers as you did and it just worked ! ) tips : 1 ) in the changed . inf file remember leaving an empty line after pasting the code after [ google . ntx86 ] or [ google . ntamd64 ] ; and also after it and the beginning of the next paragraph . 2 ) dont forget the step 5 ; where you must put your vid number ( example : if your vid is 0955 , just put 0x955 ! ! ) and the rest is exactly the same . i am so happy ! it just worked for a excite 10 from toshiba with tegra 3 processor ! ! ! ! = )
one way you can create a custom place in google maps is by putting a name in parentheses after the address . for example , search for "123 4th st ( bob 's place ) " and you will see a place bubble on the map with the name " bob 's place " and the specified address . then you can star that and save it for later .
google maps for android allows storing places/locations by starring them , this should also work for every place on the map , not just places and businesses . long press on the point on the map you want to star the address will load , press it in the upper right corner is a little gray star , select it these stars are also synced on maps . google . com if you are logged in with your account . the star will be named after the nearest address , but it will be exactly at the point you selected .
this is a known " bug " with android ( it is probably intended behavior ) . the language , locale , and related settings are all linked and cannot be changed independently . google apparently decided that people who read italian want to see numbers for dates . i do not believe this was changed in 2.3-gingerbread so i guess there is no fix yet : (
usually , you use a factory-reset to solve a boot-loop -- but it does not cause one . sometimes , a hard-rest ( i.e. . removing the battery for at least 10s ) solves things , as it makes the entire device powerless so nothing can " stick " . in your case , however , none of the two could help : analysis as it turns out , the culprit is a font-package you installed . a little background on that : while " normal apps " get installed into the /data partition , more system-oriented stuff ( font packs , specific frameworks , things changing core system behavior , modded notification bars , and more ) need to reside in the /system partition . now , when it comes to a factory-reset , the /system partition is never touched -- so if things get messed up there , they stay messed-up . as in your case , obviously . so what is the remedy ? you no longer can boot up normally , as your device is stuck in a boot-loop due to some system mismatch . you also cannot help yourself booting into safe-mode to remove the culprit ; while this would work for user-space apps ( which are not run in safe-mode ) , you will not even be able to boot into this mode with a messed-up system . this leaves two things : if you still can boot into recovery-mode , you might be able to undo your changes via adb shell from your computer . but this usually requires a custom recovery ( such as clockworkmod or twrp ) on your device , as stock recovery will not give you the required root access . if you cannot boot into recovery mode , or have no custom rom installed on the device : re-flashing your device-firmware will fix your issue for sure , as that would wipe /system and install everything anew . with a stock-rom this usually also means you lost your root access . flashing in your situation can still be done via either recovery mode ( if you can boot your device into it ) , or fastboot mode ( if your device supports it ; i have read many lg devices need to have the bootloader unlocked to do so ) flashing needed ? you might want to check where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for the rom to be flashed . further hopefully helpful links include : fastboot commands for lg android smartphone how to flash lg motion 4g abstract from the latter link : get the official firmware from lg-phones . org kdz_fw_upd_en to be extracted to your pc lg motion .cab firmwares need to be converted to .kdz ( see official lg motion 4g firmware download for details ) msxml.msi needs to be installed to your pc ( ouch , windows only , sorry ) get the usb drivers from lg-phones . org and install it start KDZ_FW_UPD.exe " type " choose cdma choose in " phonemode": emergency click the folder icon and choose the .kdz file that UpTestEX_mod2_marwin.exe just made ( in step 1 ) . click " launch software update " the rest should run automatically . postscriptum i included a bunch of tags into this question . you might want to follow them : click them for questions relevant to the topic better : hover your mouse over it , and follow the revealed ' info ' link to their " tag wiki " . out tag-wikis often include a good description as well as some " first aid " hovering your mouse over them lets you also chose to see . . . the most frequested questions tagged such top users contributing to that topic ( might be helpful to see their profile , as they obviously are " experts " in that area that might reveal further interesting and related questions/answers )
no , you cannot add custom keys on the default android keyboard . but what might work is keyboard shortcuts . you can create shortcuts like when you type " yt " option to change to " you there " will appear . so may be you can create keyboard shortcut that when you type " ms1" it will change to ₭ . to create keyboard shortcut : go to settings -> language and input -> personal dictionary tap the “+” sign in the top-right corner of the screen and create your shortcut . now , go to the messaging app , compose a new message , and tap one of your new shortcuts—and when you do , the phrase you entered will appear in the row of auto-correct options just above the keyboard . tap the phrase to add it to your message . more details on keyboard shortcut is here : http://heresthethingblog.com/2012/12/04/androidiphone-tip-create-custom/
it is definitely a valid concern and you should be wary of apps that can record keystrokes with " full internet " privileges . it is best to reach out to the developer of such keyboard app and ask them this question directly . i imagine such a permission would be required for something benign , like downloading language packs ( from within the keyboard app ) or showing ads , for example .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
if you already have a custom recovery ( clockworkmod or twrp ) installed then you should be able to flash the superuser recovery zip which will remove any other binaries/files related to other superuser apps in the process . the supersu app may still be installed but you can un-install that yourself as you would any other app . quote from superuser play store description : manual installation with the recovery zip : recommended if you are having installation issues or are not rooted http://download.clockworkmod.com/superuser/superuser.zip
if you have installed them as system apps , use any root browser and delete apks from /system/apps , else , delete them from /data/app and then install anything you like from play store . do not flash zip or google play updates and any apk of that app will not install . p.s. supersu has uninstall option .
download 360 security . make sure that you are accepting the permission ( do not deny it ) . open 360 security--> apps uninstall--> select system apps--> select super user--> click on uninstall .
for dolphin browser , use the phone menu button and chose exit for firefox , install the Quit Now add-on and use the new quit button in the menu . for any other tab browser , close all tabs prior to push back in order to exit . for any persistently running browser , use the task manager to kill it .
i have never been a fan of chrome . it lacks too many features compared to other browsers . anyway , most browsers support tabs and have an x symbol on the tab . normally , the browsers remain open even if close all tabs . there is always 1 tab that remains open , and it will not close even if you click the x symbol . you had have to click the back button to close the browser . among the browsers i use - about 4 of them - maxthon behaves differently . it does not exactly do what you want , but if you click on the x symbol , it acts as a back button . so if there is only 1 tab open and you press it twice , it will exit the browser .
actually every apple device i saw , only charges on apple 's chargers and macs , so i think the port is ' modified ' to be used with apple devices , something to identify that the charger is from apple but when we talk about android , anything with > 4.5 volts will charge the phone , but it depends on the charging current , plus , i have a tablet that does not charge on pc because my pc gives around ~350 , but that is for a tablet , the original charger is around 2a , the tablet puts a red " mark on the battery to tell you it is not charging , but actually it is charging but the current is less then the usage . . actually i notice it to charge some percents after hours , and if you turn the device off , it will charge but a bit slow conclusion android : will charge on > 4.5 even if it says not charging apple : need the charger to be verified that it is from apple before it can charge note : i am not pretty sure about apple devices because i have not used much , maybe someone will correct me or maybe help you better
my experience is that it does matter , but it is not so simple , because not all android devices are the same . some android devices will charge just fine from an apple charger , some will charge slowly ( regardless of amperage ) , and some will not charge at all . plus , i have found that there is some variability among the apple chargers . for example , i have a couple of scosche usbc202m dual 10 watt car chargers that are pretty nice ; they are mainly designed for iphones , and they work fine on my wife 's iphone , and on my lg g2 ( at the full rate , as monitored by android tuner pro ) , but my samsung galaxy tab 3 does not even register it as being connected , even using a charge-only cable or adapter . yet i have another car charger , also made mainly for iphone , that works on all 3 devices . i suspect that many newer android devices may now be compatible , where they were not in the past , although i have no evidence of this . traditionally , and perhaps currently to some degree , android devices will not charge at currents above 500 ma ( usb standard ) unless you use a charge-only cable , which shorts together certain pins to force it into higher current mode . so , the bottom line is , it may work fine , it may work at reduced current , or it may not work at all , depending on brand . much of the time , when people say it works for their device , they do not have a clue whether it is working at full output .
yes they are . they may charge normally , charge slower , or not charge at all .
turn on allshare on the tv , on the nexus go to settings / display / cast screen . it will start searching for a display over the wifi network . if both tv and phone are on the same wifi , the tv will show up . select the tv from list , it will mirror the nexus screen .
short answer unfortunately , the answer is that you can not make it work . ( at least , not without modding your nexus 7 ) long answer as jeff says in his comment : i can confirm unlike some other android devices i have used standard volume control headphones that work with iphones and many other mobile devices , including android do not work on the nexus 7 . this is a hardware issue as far as i can tell according to the crossfade lp product page , the volume controls are only for apple devices : universal compatibility and microphone communication lp comes with 2 cables for universal compatibility with all modern mobile and audio devices . the 3-button remote microphone cable is designed for the latest apple devices , including iphone® , ipad® , ipod® , and macbook series . the long audio-only cable and 1/4" adapter is universally compatible with all audio devices and professional equipment . ( emphasis mine ) in order to understand how these headphone volume controls work , i asked about this over on electrical engineering stack exchange , and it appears that this relies on the switches presenting a fixed resistance between the ground and the microphone input . thus this technique requires ( at a minimum ) a 4 pole ( trrs ) jack , rather than a standard 3 pole ( trs ) jack as is used in the nexus 7 . note while that the asus nexus 7 spec suggests that it has a headset jack ( i.e. . headphone and microphone ) , google have confirmed to at least one person that this is incorrect , and the nexus 7 only has a headphone jack . as such , the volume controls are not intended to work with ordinary headphone sockets such as the one on the nexus 7 . i am not sure how you got it to work with windows xp/7 unless the headphone socket on your windows machine was also a headset jack and also supported this volume control technology ( or you are running them virtualised on a macbook , in which case os-x will be taking care of it for you ) .
step 1: download and install java development kit from oracle’s website . i downloaded jdk 7u2 for windows x64 ( approximately 87 mb ) step 2: download and install android sdk from google’s website . i preferred the recommended windows installer step 3: run command prompt with administrator privileges on windows 7 or windows 8 os . [ start menu –> type in cmd –> right click the command prompt –> run as administrator . the uac will prompt you with a dialog which you should click as ‘yes’ ] step 4: if you have installed the latest version of android sdk ( sdk manager revision 16 or later ) , then type in following commands on cmd cd c:\program files ( x86 ) \android\android-sdk\platform-tools step 5: on your android phone/tablet , go to settings –> applications –> development and enable usb debugging . once done , connect the phone/tablet to your laptop/desktop via usb cable . step 6: execute following commands in sequence adb shell pm getinstalllocation you would get an output as : 0 [ auto ] in android , install location has 3 values . 0 [ auto ] – let the system decide the best location 1 [ internal ] – install the application on internal device storage . this means any internal storage provided with your device 2 [ external ] – install the application on external media . this means any sd , microsd cards attached to your device or external usb storage . step 7: so let’s change the default location to 2 [ external ] adb shell pm setinstalllocation 2 this will change the default installation location to sd card of all the applications that you install henceforth . what about those that are already installed on device storage ? i am sure you were unable to move all of them to sd card earlier . you can give it a try now ! alternatively , you can download an application apps2sd and manually move them to sd card . to check if the settings changed or not , you can execute step 6 again and check the results step 8 : disable usb debugging on your phone/tablet . close the command prompt and enjoy ! step 9 : drop in a comment , if this helped you . if there was something else you would like to say , drop in a comment . source : http://www.khare.co.in/blog/article/218/android_devices_change_default_installation_location
this would have to be supported by the rom . screen orientation change in android uses support from the graphics driver , the system ui , and the framework that apps use . either choose a device that has this feature already ( ask the vendor if you are not sure ) , or you will have to use a custom rom to achieve this . since android stbs are still quite a minority feature , it might be hard to find a custom rom for your device , and/or hard to get help making your own .
no , you can not update it from google play . it would be like buying your phone from carphone warehouse and then expecting phones4u to help you out with a problem just because they sell the same phone . or buying a music download in google play and expecting to be able to download it from itunes . you have paid samsung for the app , not google . if you uninstall it via the button in google play , the app will just uninstall in the usual way . you will be able to reinstall it from the samsung app store if you change your mind , but you still will not be able to download it from google play unless you buy it there . just wait a week or two to see if there is an update . apps uploaded to samsung 's app store have to be " certified " , just like apple 's , so there is often a delay before a new version will appear there .
several helpful apps are mentioned in the answers to what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? guess the question and its answers would be useful/interesting to you anyhow . apart from that , there are also our useful command line utilities , which you can execute in a terminal ( either via adb shell , or using a terminal app ) : df: stands for " disk free " , but also shows the used space . is not interested in files or symlinks , just operates on the entire partition . so this should list you up how much space is used/free on each storage . du: a close relative , " disk used " . is not interested in " divisions " such as partitions or directories by default ( that can be dealt with via parameters ) , but checks " anything below " . it does not follow symlinks , which might prove useful to you – as will the parameter -s ( summary ) . without that parameter , each directory would be listed up with the space consumed ; with -s only a summary of all space used below the current location will be printed . you will find several other useful commands in our command-line tag-wiki . for your low memory , you also might want to visit our insufficient-memory tag-wiki .
there is no significant difference between charging it while it is turned off or not . modern li-ion and li-po batteries which are built into tablets and phones nowadays can handle any kind of charging very well . the only thing that should be avoided is a complete discharge as it degrades the battery much faster ( aka it loses capacity ) . with discharging i mean draining it to 0% and leaving it for some days/weeks alone . tl ; dr : just use your device as you want and avoid being on 0% battery for a long time .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
codename : evita afaik , the htc one xl has the codename of evita , and no other was attributed to this model . the xl was introduced into the market just like the htc one x , but with a significant improvement in communications : htc one xl ( te ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; 4g network ( lte 1800 / 2600 ) pc world australia article : htc one xl review : htc 's one x gets the superfast 4g treatment . is the extra speed worth it ? phone information about the phone : to check you device 's information , you can go to " settings " and select " about phone": if the codename is presented , you should find it on the information provided there . accessing the configuration file : you can use a file manager and navigate to /system/ and open the build.prop file , that contains all the details about your system . locate the lines that start by ro.product to know your device 's model ; brand ; codename ; cpu and manufacturer ( among others ) . references : pdadb .netsearch results for " htc one " that include the devide codename gsm arena - htc one xl : full phone specifications geekaphone . com - htc one xl specifications htc smartphones : htc one xl wikipedia : htc one xl
no android version natively supports ikev2 yet . but you can install the free and open-source strongswan vpn client that uses ikev2 and runs on android 4 and newer .
unfortunately skype for android is still very flawed and has a lot of issues apart from the one you pointed out . right now the only thing you can do is to go on settings and deactivate the notifications when you are using your pc , and reactivate them when you are away from it . i always keep the vibration deactivated because either if i am using the pc or i am using the phone , that vibration is definitely too loud .
i am not sure this would be helpful , but i love this app called button savior , which provides on-screen access to many of the functions you would find only via hard buttons . you can activate it by a simple swipe , or by pressing a very translucent button that is always on the screen . some of the functions do require that you have rooted your phone , but not all .
sounds like a database got corrupted , but perhaps it is just cache . try clearing your cache via clockworkmod recovery if you have it or an app like this if you do not . running " fix permissions " in cwm or rom manager might also help if you are rooted . if that does not work take a look at your logcat and see if there are any errors that are more clear about what the problem is . otherwise i would probably opt for a factory reset ; unfortunately , i do not think it would be easy to track down what exactly was corrupted without more info .
the galaxy tab 10.1 can make 2g/3g calls and calls over wifi with voip apps like skype or tango . the nexus 7 can only make calls over wifi with voip apps as i already mentioned . there would be no easy way of getting the nexus 7 to make 2g/3g calls as it would require adding a radio to the tablet .
this has become more and more annoying for me as i installed more apps . i solved this problem by installing one of those " battery saver " apps that can schedule when the wifi goes up or down ( 3g battery saver pro ) . i configured it to connect to the network for a couple of minutes every half hour ( might change it to every hour to saver battery life ) and to leave the wifi on when i unlock the screen . tablet is now responsive again ! no more waiting for a minute or so to interact with it when i turn it on in the morning or when i come home from work ! yay !
if you have adb shell , you can try below command top -m 10  which displays top 10 applications which takes cpu .
samsungdive . com has nothing to with the " accounts and sync " options . samsung dive consists of a background app ( called utrack ) , an website (samsungdive.com) and an login/password , which allows you to remotely locate , lock and/or wipe some samsung devices . to pair your device with the samsung dive , enter your login data under Settings -&gt; Location and Security -&gt; uTrack  ( not sure if this is true for the galaxy mini , but that is where the setting is on the sgs )
i tried entering a password into the mobile tracker . when i did this , the window came up .
if you are unable to get it working cerberus would be a very good alternative . i use it , and it is flawless .
you might want to take a look at hacker 's keyboard : a full 5-row keyboard including arrow and esc/ctrl keys , intended for tablets . are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . it supports a bunch of keyboard layouts -- though i am not sure about the " special characters " being inserted using alt sequences . if you are mainly interested in being able to insert special characters ( and do not care whether they are bound to alt-sequences or selectable by other means ) , i would suggest to search the playstore for " charmap " . this will yield about 10 results , the topmost of them would match your needs .
i remember having gone through the same problem years back ( on a froyo device ) . not sure what caused it , but i fixed it as follows : exporting all your google contacts to a file ( make sure everything is in there ) remove all contacts from google remove all contacts from phone import the contacts from the file ( exported in ( 1 ) ) to the phone sync the contacts verify whether the sync worked after doing this two way sync worked perfectly for me . i can not guarantee that this will work for you , but it may be worth a try . also , make very sure that the export in ( 1 ) is complete ( check the contents of the file ) - also , export to various file formats for safety . unfortunately , the changes you made on the phone will have been overwritten and i do not know of a way to revert that . in the future , if the problem persists , you can disable the sync and do it manually using files - it sucks , but at least you will not lose information .
xda is the only place to go . they have plenty of roms to choose from , including stock builds for your nexus if you want timely updates from big g .
you could also try downloading the factory image from google . there are instructions with how to use it on that site too . this will completely wipe your device including your files .
try htc sync manager http://www.theandroidsource.com/my-touch-4g-root-rooting-roms-hacks-overclocking-etc/292-latest-htc-mytouch-4g-sync-driver-download.html https://support.htc.com/alerts_downloads/en/htc_sync_and_sync_manager_for_all_htc_android_phones joslloyd
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
if you have a google voice account , you could also head to http://voice.google.com/ and type your sms messages there . of course , have the google voice app on your phone so that you can sync your messages with your desktop . it works really well .
check out wifi keyboard -- allows you to use your desktop 's keyboard to control the android . nb : i have not personally tried this , but it looks pretty cool . aimed particularly at apps that require keyboard input , but still do not pop-up a virtual keyboard . . . . . . again , wifi , not bluetooth . aaargh . unless , you know , you get your pc to broadcast on bluetooth .
sms2pc will let you see , reply and compose sms messages on your desktop . all the message are synced back to the phone too . i tried it yesterday and it works great . wifi only , though .
android manager will let you do this as well . it connects over wifi to your phone to send and receive sms messages and it also allows other stuff to sync over wifi with your computer , for free . i have found this to be a great program .
bear in mind ; solution preseted next is very geek centric . . . . root the phone ; install vnc server on phone and vnc client on computer . connect either by usb or wifi ; and use remote desktop to send sms . :d p.s. yes , i know you probably wanted some sort of bluetooth usb
i have tried the wifi keyboard , and it is magic , all you have to do is , connect you handset to a wifi network . install wifi keyboard on your handset . on any text field , long press the field and choose input method ; wifi keyboard . instructions will pop , one screen of instruction . write the ip from your instructions screen on your handset on your pc 's browser . that is it , and it gets better , if you are a gamer , like me , you have a gaming mode option on the screen of your pc , choose it , and arrows will work for gaming , try it with doom for example . performance is biblical by the way .
" bluekeyboard jp " in the android market is an adequate free bluetooth keyboard driver . here 's my review and notes on special keys .
myphoneexplorer i have been using it for my se phone , and now for my android phone . getting it to work via bluetooth was a little tricky until i read the faq at the developer 's site .
this may vary by os version or modifications your manufacturer may have made , but the setting you are looking for is : Settings | Security | Unknown sources  you will want that to be unchecked to prevent apps from being installed from unofficial sources ( read : the google play store ) . ( if that is not what you are looking for , please edit your question to make it more clear what you are asking . )
the primary technique to reject applications other than from play store to install is in the settings for security . make sure the setting " unknown sources " is unchecked . this setting normally allows 3rd party installation to occur .
i think the most interesting is you apn and operator . it could be that only http traffic is allowed ( port 80 and 443 for https ) or some similar limitation . check you operators support page for details .
in my country there is one operator with whom we have same behavior . they have given us two different apn . with first only the browser works , exactly like you have said . with second everything works . if your operator has different apn for using mobile internet in computer , try that apn . this works with one of the operator in my country but not sure if this will help you .
i am a huge fan of isyncr . it syncs to itunes , so if you are coming from an iphone you can use the playlists you already created . what sealed the deal for me was the fact that isyncr syncs play counts and ratings back to itunes . not to mention the fact that you can sync over wi-fi or sync via usb cable . edit : i see you are asking about syncing without itunes , but if all your music is already there isyncr will work .
google music -your can upload your music files from your computer to google music cloud storage . then the uploaded music is automatically available in your android device and also you can listen to those music in web interface . you can upload up to 20,000 songs . the problem is that your have to use google music player in your android phone and the uploaded music will not be available if you use other players . and also this service is not available in all countries as of now . media monkey music player . it recognizes almost any android devices . you can configure it to automatically sync media files from computer to phone whenever you connect your phone through usb cable . i use it for syncing my music to galaxy nexus with android 4.2.1 . i tried multiple players including windows media player but this one seems to working well .
i would try out google music . it will be the most native with your device , and gets relatively close to syncing , in theory . the first thing you will have to do is go to the google music homepage and download the music manager tool . once downloaded , you tell the music manager where your music is on your computer , and it uploads it all to the cloud ! this music becomes visible as soon as you log into play music on your phone with the gmail account that you used to set up google music on your computer . then whatever music is placed on your computer in your music folders is accessible at music . google . com and on all of your android devices . the difference is , your music does not actually sync to your phone , but is streamed when you choose it on your mobile device . this can be slightly modified by selecting an album or such on your device , clicking the little expansion arrow ( usually at the bottom right of the item ) , and choosing the Offline music option ( it has a picture of a pin next to it ) . your phone will then download this music so it does not have to be streamed to play later . you would have to do this with all of the music you do not wish to stream , but if you have a decent internet connection , streaming is very much a viable option . and saves tons of space on your phone ! hope this helps !
if you want to use google music you will need to upload your itunes m4p music to google music . however , google music only supports . mp3 , . m4a , . wma , . flac and . ogg files . and drm-ed m4p music is not supported . in order to upload m4p to google music , you need do a conversion first . since itunes m4p music are protected by apple 's drm , you cannot use a common audio converter to convert m4p to google music supported mp3 . what you need is an all-in-one drm converter that can both remove drm protection from m4p and convert m4p to mp3 for google music . aimersoft is taken as the best choice to help you transfer itunes m4p to google music . with it , you can legally strip drm protection from m4p files and convert it to mp3 . in addition , it can convert audio files that are not supported by google music like . wav and . aiff . now download it and follow the steps below to convert itunes music for google music . http://www.aimersoft.com/drm-media-converter.html how to convert m4p to google music supported mp3 add m4p files after downloading the drm converter , install and launch it . the main interface is as below . you can either click the " add . . . " button to add m4p music files of directly drag the files to the main interface . as you can see , you can also add video files to convert . specify mp3 as the output format then you can click " audio files to " and select " mp3" as the output format . note that google music prefer mp3 with 320kbps bitrate . here you can click " settings " and choose the bitrate as 320kbps . start converting m4p to google music mp3 when all the settings are ok , click the " start " button on the main interface to start the conversion . when the conversion finishes , you can tap " find target " to access to the converted drm-free mp3 files . then you can upload them to google music as you like . apart from that : why not utilize what you already have - especially if that itunes list is big . here are 2 alternatives : tunesync™ allows you to sync your itunes playlist and songs with your android™ device . it copies the unprotected music to your sd card and creates playlists that match your itunes playlists . tunesync™ does this all over your wifi connection . there is no need to connect your android™ device to your pc or apple mac . see its home page for tutorial setup http://tunesync.com/ google play store link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.highwindsoftware.tunesync i think a better alternative to what you might consider is to use winamp ( for mac ) : winamp ( for mac ) can take any existing itunes playlist ( which is what you already have ) and sync it directly to an android device without jumping through any other hoops . features : wireless and wired sync with an android phone , requires winamp for android one-click music and playlist import from itunes and mac desktop keep winamp updated automatically with watch folders and itunes library sync play local files , create playlists , and manage playback with a play queue window instructions download and install winamp ( link depending on pc or mac ) http://www.winamp.com/ http://www.winamp.com/mac launch winamp and you will be prompted to add media to winamp library . select " import from itunes " . this will import all of your music in your itunes library into the winamp media library . click " library-> import itunes media library " in the bottom left-hand corner of the player . sync the playlist to your android phone connected to mac or pc previously . other than serving as an easy way to sync itunes to android , it also makes for a decent desktop music player .
log into your google account and click on contacts . then select all your contacts . now click on more => export => select all contacts => export format google csv . use the " find and replace " option in for instance excel to edit from +385 to 00385 .
ctrl + \ followed by enter usually works fine . this will send a sigquit signal which may not be appropriate for a server ( dumps a core file for example ) but i do not think it is a problem using this on an android phone/tablet ( which does not dump a core file by default ) . easy solution that works in most cases .
i read a forum post claiming that ctrl + ] worked , but i tried it with no luck . your mileage may vary . there appears to be no way to have adb pass ctrl-c on , since it does not capture sigint . the standard ctrl-v method does not seem to work for ctrl-c , though it did convert enter to ^J , unfortunately .
i found sort of a workaround for this ( at least for a rooted phone ) . if a phone is rooted , busybox is most probably installed . stty is part of busybox . stty intr ^x redefines ctrl + x to act as a break command , e.g. what was previously ctrl + c .
on windows , you can just enter [ alt ] + [ 3 ] via the numpad ( do not forget to press enter afterwards ) . this sends [ ctrl ] + [ c ] to the shell thereby terminating the current command : d:\android> adb shell $ cat cat ♥ ^c $ exit exit d:\android> note that [ alt ] + [ 3 ] produces the ascii-char ♥ in windows which equals the etx-byte . you can also press [ alt ] + [ 0 ] - [ 3 ] ( hold the alt key down while pressing [ 0 ] and [ 3 ] on the numpad ) if you do not wand windows to display a heart ; )
alt - numpad 3 + enter works for me . alt - numpad 0 - numpad 3 + enter also works and displays "^c " .
i was able to stop the top process and still stay in shell by typing the following in this order : c ctrl + z ctrl + m if i did not type all 3 of those combos it would not stop and i would have to ctrl + c to exit the shell . i found this by just trying different combinations of keys and found it by accident . ymmv
on google maps , create your trip including all waypoints . save that map to " my maps " within google maps . on the android device , go to maps , layers , more layers and then choose " my maps " select the map you want , it will come into maps on your android device with each waypoint available . you can choose each waypoint individually and you will get the blue arrow over it which will kick off google navigation . not the best solution ( e . g . google having programmed it as a feature ) , but at least one can completely plan a trip with google maps and then port the entire thing over to the android device and navigate with it .
primary reasons for the no swap recommendations are the basic uselessness of swap for most devices , performance reasons , and device longevity . as liam mentions , modern devices have no shortage of ram ( even my old underpowered wildfire s has as much ram as my previous desktop . ) and that ram is managed fairly well by the modern android system , making a swap largely pointless . also , even though flash is far better than platters of spinning rust , it is still orders of magnitude slower than ram is , hence for performance reasons , you do not want to tier down to flash if you can at all avoid it . furthermore , flash memory has a limit on how many times you can erase and rewrite it . while this cycle limit is typically in the thousands or tens of thousands , which combined with modern wear leveling systems , means you are unlikely to hit the limit within the useful lifespan of the device , but if you are using it as swap , with loads and loads of itty-bity writes , you will chew through those cycles needlessly and might actually bump against those limits in time .
the use of a swap file it so save memory ( ram ) to storage ( hard drive/sd card ) . the recommendation of 0mb for the file size is because it is not usually needed . android takes care of memory management in a different fashion than swap files . background : a swap file is traditionally used to store what is typically in memory onto storage when memory is low . this allows it to be switched back into memory when needed . to quote from zero credibility blog android , while a fairly typical ( but trim ) linux under the covers , has it’s own mechanism for handling low memory conditions . it terminates the application , but first gives it an opportunity to persist it’s state ( via a series of callbacks ) . for example , a map application might persist a latitude and longitude before it is terminated . when you access the application again , the location is passed back so it appears that the app was running all along . in actuality the app was restarted completely . ( emphasis mine ) the above describes how i have seen applications appear to persist after switching from task to task . there is no need to save the contents of memory to storage , because android will just save the app 's current data and terminate the app .
swap is basically virtual ram used by the linux kernel . swap in android was used when devices had very limited ram ( i used it with my lg optimus gt540 ) , to increase the amount of ram available to the android os . android kills apps when it run 's out of memory - and is very good at doing this efficiently , however on devices with low ram people may have seen their home screen apps being killed , and therefore have to wait a while to get to their home screens . swap can be mounted via either a partition or a file - mainly on an external ( or internal ) storage device . swap is normally activated via the so-called init scripts in the /etc/init.d folder of the device to mount/enable swap on device boot . linux desktops use a partition for swap , and the user is asked to create this during the install process . a file is normally stored on the sd card or storage medium . the swap file on android is normally mounted ( and created ) by an app ( e . g . swapper for root users ) . most newer devices will not see any benefit of using swap - as they normally have as much ram as a desktop computer ( my sgs2 has 1gb ! ) , and therefore would not benefit from having more virtual ram . unfortunately , using swap can come at a price - even on low ram devices , as the os has to spend time writing to the sd card , which would normally have slow read/write speeds . as such , it is not used much at all nowadays , unless a device has an obscenely small amount of ram . as well as this , using swap can have a negative effect on the life of your memory device , and should be used with caution . if anyone reading must use swap ( and i would advise against it ) , then use a file with an app , as it varies the swap file location to maximise sd card life .
as the other answers already cover most of the facts , just a small addition : i already edited the app swapper for root users into liam 's answer as an example . and compro01 's answer already mentioned the danger of wearing out the flash memory of your sdcard . now let 's bring both together : when using the swapper app to handle your swap , it recommends to not use a swap partition but a swap file , for exact this reasons . that swap file then is placed on a different location of the flash memory each time swap gets activated , which avoids to always write/delete the same blocks and thus saves some more lifespan for your flash memory . so comparing both : swap partition : faster , but wears out flash memory faster , too . swap file : a little slower , but does not wear out flash memory that fast keeping this in mind it gets clear why a ) 0m ( i.e. . no swap partition ) is recommended , and b ) a swap partition is offered at all ( for those who do not care buying new cards , but want the extra little speed ) .
try uc browser it has both zoom and without zoom display settings .
i use dolphin broswer hd . it does not zooms on double clicking . you can try this .
assuming that the pc you have got the sdk installed on is running windows , the first step to getting your device recognized by the sdk/adb is having the right windows usb drivers for your device installed . see this previous question for more on getting hold of the right adb drivers for your device : substitute win7 usb drivers for adb mode
on android 4 . x+ you should just be able to swipe it to the right to dismiss it .
do not you have a clear button in the top right corner ? this is what it looks like on my htc desire running android 2.3.3 . what happens if you press and hold the voice mail ? do you get a menu to clear it out ? update : tapping the notification dials the voice mail inbox , right ? unless you can tap and hold it to get a context menu from where you can remove it , then i am afraid there is not much you can do about it . i just talked to a samsung rep and he was not aware of a way to remove it . he said you have to pull down the notifications menu , tap it , and then close it ( essentially dialing and then ending the call ) . i also had a look at the manual for the galaxy ace ( gt-s5830 ) . there is not much said in it about this ( full manual , 127 pages , not a quick guide ) . they pretty much just tell you what voice mail is , how to set up voice mail server and listen to voice mails . in idle mode , open the application list and select ( phone icon ) , keypad and then tap and hold 1 . follow the instructions from the voice mail server . you must save the voice mail server number before accessing the server . they do not even tell you how to clear the notification bar . they seem to be expecting that the user will know this by logic . most manufacturers of android handsets seem to be under the impression that android is intuitive enough that they do not need to say many words about it in the manuals . some manufacturers have more proper manuals , thoroughly explaining every detail , while some will just have quick guides . i am sorry i could not be of any more help to you . may i ask why these notifications about voice mail bother you so much ? are you using voice mail ? if you are not using it , then there is always the option to disable it , and you will not be getting any more of those . so here are the options you have . tap to listen you can tap the " new voice mail " icon from the notification bar to dial your voice mail inbox and listen to your voice mails . ignore it you can always just ignore the icon . disable voice mail if you are not using voice mail , or if you are not using it frequently you always have the option to disable it . upgrade to android 4.2 if possible , you could try upgrading to android 4.2 . that requires rooting your phone and installing a custom rom . get a new phone this is the least wanted option for several reasons , the expense being usually number one . but sometimes it is the best and quickest solution that allows you to get on with your life and worry less about problems with technology . i would personally not change my phone just to get around this type of issue . make sure you thoroughly test your new phone so you know it does what you want . it is usually not possible to test every feature in the store , you need to take it home and test it properly . some carriers will allow you to bring the phone home and test both the phone and the service for 14 days , without commitment or signing any contract . my carrier ( tele2 ) has this option . how to disable voice mail on galaxy ace in idle mode , open the application list and select settings . select call settings . select voice mail number remove the number and save changes . if it does not allow you to leave it empty then type in some bogus ( fake ) number like +1 123456789 and save . there is also the option " voicemail service " . see if you can just disable the service that way , instead of messing with numbers . it does not say in the manual what options you have , so you need to see for yourself . note ! you can always continue using your voice mail . it is just that you will not be getting these annoying messages every time you get a voice mail . all you have to do in the future is just call the number for your voice mail inbox . you can just save that as a new contact and call it to check for new voice mails .
if your device is running android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) or higher , this app seems to be able to clear them .
if you like developing , the android eclipse kit comes with a sample launcher that does what you say you want .
espier launcher might be the closest thing you can get to an " ios experience " . i gave it a test run , it does not have an app drawer . . . it is pretty much exactly like ios .
there is also qq/tencent launcher .
do not forget milauncher , if you have ics . http://miuiandroid.com/community/threads/miui-home-launcher-now-native-for-all-ics-devices.16356/
my just-released tinylaunch is a tiny palmos-style launcher that just shows a ( categorizable ) list of apps .
depending on the phone , my biggest worry would be screen burn . i have a samsung galaxy s vibrant and i have screen burn at the top of my screen from the time and the notification bar . a screen like a super amoled is actually a lot easier to get screen burn then i thought it would be . it is actually pretty annoying now , i have to limit the background images i use , otherwise the burn is really noticeable .
based on the assumption that your router is working and you can use wi-fi . there could be two or more explanations to your problem : either your tab and your router are not compatible with each other , the port might be there but might need a higher network adapter compared to the one in your wwe10 tablet . there is a high possibility that your tabs network adapter is not working and that would mean you having it replaced . wwe10 tablets are known to have an ethernet ( lan ) adapter problem . what you could possibly do to remove this problem is have it flashed by an expert , or try doing it yourself using this how to guide . hope that will be helpful , good luck !
settings -> accounts and sync -> sync all ( bottom left ) . this will sync every app that register there , like facebook , twitter , gmail and google+ , but not all the apps .
google ( play ) music is a separate and quite different app from the stock music app that comes pre-loaded on most android handsets . it is possible to have both installed alongside each other without any issues . uninstalling google play music should not in any way impact the stock music app .
no , it is a completely different service . in fact , it is a cloud service with an android app ; whereas the music app is simply a local music app .
if you are rooted , install Android Terminal Emulator fro play store and open a root shell . also make sure you use latest ( > 2.00 ) SuperSU to handle selinux . then type : su 0 setenforce 0 and see what happens . check with id . if that does not work , also try with : su system setenforce 0 . in aos > 4.3 , it is not enough to just be " root " ( uid=0 ) , you also have to use the right context .
there are a few flv players available on android , try among these : 13 great video players for android . the mobo player seems promising among them . here 's a link for mobo player as well , just in case . : )
there are many pc apps that will do this . you could simply plug your phone into your computer , mount the sd card , and configure the app to search the sd card . i have not tried this myself , but i found an app on the market called droiid3tagger that appears to automatically tag mp3s . there are plenty of others that allow you to edit the tags manually .
i have ported emacs to android . ( google play , github ) it does not draw ui like linux x11 version , but uses modified android terminal emulator .
not emacs , but terminal ide has vim , and quite a few unix commands .
as of august 7th 2012 , there is now a port of emacs for the android in the google play market . it is simply called " emacs " . it was just released aug 7th ( 5 days ago from this answer ) and is sort of buggy still . but it is indeed a full featured port of the favorite of many " emacs " . it will sure please , any user that has a love for emacs . hopefully the dev will release the source code and many can help to contribute . i think its wonderful . the link to the android market for emacs can be found here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zielm.emacsfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs56awvsbs5lbwfjcyjd hopefully you have not given up your interest by now . ; ) not sure if i should make this a " community wiki " post or not , as i have never used this feature before . but if a user believes that is the right action , please feel free to do so . despite this posts age , i have ran into it before on my search for emacs port on android , so this information may be useful to others in their search as well . so i felt the proper action was to show that emacs has indeed been ported recently .
following the instructions of the android app ubuntu installer free results in an arm ubuntu image which is easily mountable via a terminal emulator . mounting that image results in all the standard ubuntu command line applications being accessible , including emacs . ubuntu installer free requires root ( which i am ok with ) . this is not my ideal solution , but it does result in being able to run emacs on android . it also provides the side benefit of other unix tools , such as all the bash tools and gcc . in theory , one could accomplish my ideal solution by tracing the dependencies of emacs , and pulling the emacs executable and all dependencies out of the image and dropping them into a bin folder directly on the android filesystem .
from what i understand , it is not possible ( at the time of writing this ) , since almost all the dependencies that are required for emacs to run do not exist on the android system . then , even if you got all the dependencies to compile for arm and android kernel , it would take longer to start up emacs then it would to ssh in to another machine that has emacs available . if you want to try , you can look at this site that explains what you need to do to compile linux binaries for the android devices . and here is how you build emacs .
if the device is unusually slow , or other apps get closed too , i would expect it is a memory shortage problem . some other service/app/proces ( possibly part of the system ) , unrelated to maps , uses so much main memory that that there is not enough memory available at the time you run maps , and the system needs to kill an app to free memory , and decides to kill maps . it this is the case , the problem would be somewhere else , and maps in itself could run fine .
in order to remove the book/app from your cloud , you will need to visit visit amazon.com/myk . log into your account and find the book/app . click the " actions " link to the right of the title . under it you will have the option to delete it permanently . after you do so , you will have the repurchase the book if you want to read it again .
i got it fixed . . . . found the solution here http://www.morldtechgossips.com/2014/03/nexus-5-restriced-access-changed-issue.html
dial *#*#4636#*#* > > phone information > > set preferred network type : wcdma only
i had similar problem with my brand new snopow m6 phone . and i am sure , that this may be common to most chinese android phones . first , in estonia we have 3 major mobile operators , and with sim cards two of them my phone worked nicely , it did not work with my own sim . also tried almost everything , but then started check imei code through the operators ' networks . and found out , that my operator follows the idea , that its not good enough just not to be in their blacklist , you have to be in their white list . so i gave them a call , and they manually added my phones imei to their white list and phone works flawlessly since then . so , if you buy a chinese phone from the internet , then first check your imei through carrier , random internet sites might give you an answer , that phone is not blacklisted , but that might not be enough in some cases .
press the tab then hit enter that works for me
this behaviour depends on the application you use , and so , on the way developer ( s ) programmed their applications . the application may provide an option to use enter as send , but if it does not , then i think you can not do much about this . . .
have you tried external keyboard helper pro ? that lets you make customised keymaps : i use it to kill the caps lock key on my microsoft wedge keyboard . but if the application does recognise any keystroke as " send " then ekh will let you map it to the key of your choice .
just register your kindle ( your android ) for your amazon . co . uk account instead of the amazon.com, to do it just go to your account on the site and register from there
it is an artificial geographic restriction that amazon have put in . essentially the . com amazon kindle store is accessible to any amazon customers worldwide ( except for customers who is account has an address in a country that has its own kindle store ) . country specific kindle stores , like amazon . co . uk 's kindle store are only accessible to amazon accounts that have an address in that country . so , the amazon . co . uk kindle store is only accessible by uk devices , based on a uk amazon account . the amazon . com kindle store is accessible to everyone worldwide who has a non-uk amazon account . the same thing happens for the newly launched amazon . de kindle store , only users with german or austrian addresses can use it . it is based on your account 's home address/billing address , not on which website 's account you use . you can apply to amazon to have your kindle account moved from . com to the country-specific site , if you created your account before your country 's site was available , but you can not use two sites at the same time . presumably when more countries have their own kindle store , they will be locked out of the . com store , and other countries will be locked out of their country-specific store .
you simply cannot update this tablet to that firmware .
so , even though fring supports skype calls , skype will not have any of it . skype blocks calls from fring now , so the mobile app no longer includes that functionality . however , there is a skype for android app . . . update : and , now the skype app is available for everyone except those in china and japan .
skype has blocked fring from using it is services . for more info see http://www.fring.com/blog/?p=2322
all the data for the s3 's stock browser are stored in /data/data/com.android.browser/ , but just like any app 's private data directory , you can only access that if your phone is rooted . rather than try to find app data to back up and manage that process yourself , i strongly recommend you to use one of the many existing backup apps out there , or to use adb backup .
the sleep timeout and other screen lock settings can be restricted by a device policy . this is something that you might install to access a corporate vpn or mail server , and additionally some kinds of security apps ( such as antivirus ) . they can force security-related settings to particular values , e.g. to make sure that your work email will be secure even if you leave your device unattended . you can see and deactivate device administrators from the main settings app . look under device administrators . most android devices have " android device manager " in that list , so ignore that , but anything else there could be restricting your screen lock settings .
as @geffchang said , disabling animations in developer options is right way
is there a standard reference for what the different tap patterns are supposed to do ? basically , what you have noted is how most bt headphones function with their buttons . is there a way to program the controls to achieve a consistent interface across applications ? no , since each app maker decides whether or how to implant/interpret bt controls . it can be quite annoying when playing from different apps and the pause button does not work . do all headphone manufacturers implement basically the same headphone controls , so that apps for manipulating one brand will work for other brands ? from my experience , owning several bt headphones , the buttons are always the same , but the placement is not . i tried finding a bt standard in hopes to find if the buttons are standardized , but i was not able to make any grounds .
well , i do not think you are going to get such notification if you are still unrooted user , i would say try checking again wether you are a rooted user or not ? ? try heading over the google play store and try searching for " root checker " download and install it will let you know wether you are a rooted user or not ! i believe that you may have accidentally rooted your device .
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
try using multi-mount sd card lite in order to mount your internal sd as well as your external sd as removable devices on your computer . after you do this , you may use recuva in order to check if any permanently deleted files are recoverable or not . this software will also help you recover as much data as possible from both your internal sd as well as your external sd card . hope this helps !
i found this topic useful : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1614827 and managed to update yakjuxw 4.0.4 to yakju 4.1.1 very smoothly with user-friendly toolkit mentioned in the first post of the topic . no need to root ! first , installed drivers on my pc ( using main menu command 1 ) unlocked bootloader ( main menu command 3 ) , will clear all your data downloaded and installed google 4.1.1 rom ( main menu command 9 ) optionally : re-lock bootloader with command 3 . less than half an hour work from installing the toolkit . everything is menu driven . afterwards , phone was synced to my google account , with all the contacts and apps reloaded . i was very impressed by the smoothness of migration .
firmware , in this case , means the os , since it is a preinstalled part of the core system . the method i used does not require root , but it is possible to root at the same time . i did not . this depends . in most cases , unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty if the warranty is read and interpreted letter-to-letter . however , you could install an official firmware and relock the bootloader to try to bypass this . i have upgraded my yakjuxw with this guide 's method #2 . everything went perfectly except for a few little tricks . first of all , if your phone is completely unmodified , you need to unlock your bootloader . this can be done by booting into the bootloader as explained in the post , and running fastboot oem unlock , navigating to " yes , unlock bootloader " with the volume keys and confirming with the power button . note : this will clear your phone , so you will need to copy the necessary files to your phone after this ! after this , reboot once so that the partitions are mounted correctly in cwm later . now follow the guide carefully , and you should be able to upgrade ( almost ) without any problems . my phone got stuck while booting for the first time , so after 15-20mins i rebooted the phone ( yanked the battery ) but had no adverse effects . at least my phone got the official 4.1.1 update today , so check for that after your first boot !
assuming , you have a nexus , the internal memory should show up as a normal sd card would in other phones . when you connect your phone to a pc and then mount it , it ought to show up as a removable drive . you can use aldiko - it is an ebook reader ( currently freeware ) that works well with epubs . copy the . epub file and drop it in your phone ( after mounting ) place the . epub file in * phone_directory/ebooks/import unmount , and start aldiko press the menu key , and hit import , give it some time to copy the file , and you are done ! the newly imported book should now show up on your bookshelf . the official faq might also help . edit : an alternative ( easier ) method using the same app , available on google play . i found that i could import the . epub without connecting the device to a pc . this was verified with a nexus 7 , which does not have an sd card . navigate to aldiko 's main page . after selecting files , you can browse the files on your device . select the . epub file you want to read and select import . the . epub will show up in the aldiko library .
i figured out that if i disable 802.11n mode and just leave b/g enabled , then my phone works on wifi just fine . it seems that there was an issue using 802.11n on my phone . i do not yet know if the issue was my ap or my phone , but i guess i will need to find a way to disable 802.11n on froyo .
most widgets can be added by going to the widgets section in the app drawer and long pressing them , then selecting an empty area of the homescreen to place it . you will see all standard widgets there , except for the htc ones . those widgets are made specifically for and locked to the htc sense launcher , unfortunately .
these widgets are not standard widgets . they use non-standard apis of the sense launcher and thus that other launcher 's do not have and thus , they can not use them . this is why , you can not use sense widgets with custom launcher .
the only solution i am aware of ( besides hacking the code itself ) is blocking permissions : permissions denied pdroid privacy extension regarding pdroid : currently , only gingerbread is supported officially but you may find a working patcher for your cm9.1 firmware on xda . its google play description says : pdroid allows you to block access to the following private data for any application regardless of its permissions : [ . . . ] account auth tokens , [ . . . ] edit : tried pdroid and found it to work great . you need a compatible rom ( cm , aokp , pa , . . . ) and autopatcher ( download here ) plus either the original pdroid or the pdroid2.0 app ( see 1st post/attachment ) . note : v2.0 needs jellybean , use the old one for ics and below ( the original author has not updated the app for some time and has not ported the original gingerbread patches . autopatcher includes both ported original pdroid patches and the v2.0 fork for jellybean )
i had the same problem . i downloaded a separate browser ( skyfire ) for " guests " to use and used an app lock to lock my main browser . the authentication option did not drop down in the second browser .
have an entry in ' contacts ' for each one of your friends ( contact -> add new contact , then enter their number and details ) and then enter sms chat with them any time by entering into their respective ' contacts ' profile and clicking on the ' send message ' icon to begin sms chat . or just use an chatting app like whatsapp which has native support for all modern mobile os 's ( android , blackberry , ios . . ) so you could avoid retyping the same number again and again . or just stop mistyping those area codes .
see if default app manager works for you or not .
since you have not mentioned i am assuming you have not tried this . you have to select ' use by default for this action . ' .
in android 4.0 you can ( starting at home ) press the menu button select search type in : default browser select the thing that it finds and the rest should be similar to another answer here and fairly obvious .
if you are running ics just go into your settings , choose app associations , choose web urls , and set what browser you want to open by default for any and all web urls that are opened within any app .
as you can see on the right , it contains the private data for all apps . if you want to delete these data , you can do it by uninstalling apps or by clicking " clear data " in the apps manager .
there are multiple things to be considered . first , you are absolutely correct : you should avoid restoring system apps . there might be some exceptions ( as e.g. sms , contacts , calendars are maintained by system apps as well ) , but let 's postpone that for now . second , user-apps should be safe to restore , including their data . third , just to be sure , before restoring anything on a different rom/device , you should take some pre-cautions : go to tibu ' s settings , watch out for the " troubleshooting " section , and enable " migration mode " as well as " use system sqlite " ( this combination saved my day more than once ) . while in " normal mode " e.g. sqlite databases would be simply replaced ( which might cause the " owning app " to crash if the structure had changed ) , with " migration mode " tibu attempts to only merge the data . forth , with above precautions taken , you could carefully try to even restore some of the relevant data ( sms , wifi aps , etc . ) . to be on the absolutely safe side , a dedicated backup app for sms etc . would be the better idea ; contacts e.g. could be synced via google or exported to .vcf using the contacts app itself , similarly calendars ( sync or save to .ics using a 3 rd party app ) . last , just in case and to be on the sfe side : restore your apps/data one by one , and check for possible side-effects in between ; continue with the resp . " next app " only when you are sure everything is fine . once running into trouble , remember which app that was ; then factory-reset and restore all up to where you got allright ( in case it was a system-app ) or simply uninstall the troublemaker ( in case of an user-app ) , skip the " trouble app " , and continue carefully with the next . after-thoughts from the comments : the above applies to system apps and user-apps ( the " one-by-one " especially applies to system apps , as you cannot uninstall them it something fails ; though in most cases it suffices to " delete data " for the affected app in settings→apps – if you still can go there , that is ) the above applies as well when restoring a backup on a different device ( as basically , that can be called a " different rom " as well , right ? ) possible side-effects might include force-close-loops of the affected app , even on device start – which again would require a factory-reset if it was a system app ( or a user-app which wants to start at boot ) . with some luck , a start in safe-mode is possible in those cases , and you might be able solving the issue from there . example case for a failed restore ( from my own experience ) : i once restored the sms from a different rom ( did not know about the migration option then ) . results were i could not open the sms app at all ( force-close ) . other apps accessing the same database crashed when trying to do so ( e . g . contacts ) . " delete data " did not solve it back then , so i had to factory-reset . worst cases ( at least if you left out system apps themselves ; their data is ok ) are always solved by a factory-reset . really worst-case ( you restored some system apps and broke it ) is solved by re-flashing the rom .
you can use a new dialer which supports this . i have tried swipe dialer free and it does this ( you get the same icon for all outgoing calls whether they were answered or not but for the un-answered call , you will have " not answered " mentioned " p.s. - if your dialer shows the duration of call then i think for non-answered outgoing calls , it will show "0m 0s " . all other calls will have different durations . so , you can differentiate between them ( if this is what your purpose is ) .
you could turn on " usb tethering " , then run some media server like vlc carefully configured with rtsp streaming on your local server . then open up the stock browser on android , type in your local ip ( prefixed with rtsp:// protocol instead of http ) of the pc followed by the port number as set in vlc or equivalent . the android media player should launch if all is set and should start to play the video . the local ip must be the ip of the pc running vlc or equivalent media server . you will need to find it through right clicking the active lan connection ( of usb tether ) > status > " ip address : " . . do disable firewalls or add exclusions appropriately for this to work , also , set the vlc with proper video transcoding format that your android can play . warning : you might want to disable data pack when enabling the usb tether to avoid incurring unwanted costs .
i think the answer here is " in all practicability , no . " one hypothetical alternative would be usb host support , and to mount an external hard drive or thumb drive onto your phone . this would mean doing something like this , how to mount external hard drive to your xoom . this seems impractical and potentially dangerous ( who knows if that otg cable might cause a short ) . the sgs may not even recognize the cable , or the drive , and the apk may not work with your phone . that is the best answer i have on actually connecting via usb to a storage location . actual streaming from a pc via the usb port , though ? even if there were a way , it would probably require extensive work on both the phone and the computer . would not a better ( and way easier ) solution be to buy a wireless usb adapter and set it to ad-hoc mode and ssid non-broadcast ? just a thought .
android only supports proxies in android 4.0+ . in android 2.3 or below i recommend you use the proxydroid app to use the proxy . this app supports authenticated proxies but needs root access . the reason you have a proxy setting could be due to additions by your device manufacturer .
you may want to talk to your carrier about your phone or service because data is separate from voice ( if you are not on a cdma network ) . voice is using gsm/umts and data is hspa . your data network usage should never interrupt your voice call , even if you use cdma . the voice should take priority and stop the data usage to make the call . there is either an issue with the network you are on , or the phone .
you may need to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the ' new ' " mtp " usb mode . further background : ice cream sandwich supports usb mass storage after all , galaxy nexus does not wikipedia > > media transfer protocol samsung > > support > > kies 2.0 also see : can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ?
have a look to the following steps step 1 # try cleanup and reinstall of drivers http://www.droidforums.net/forum/galaxy-s3-general-discussion/216706-cant-connect-s3-pc-usb-3.html#post2340704 pull the sim card out and do a factory reset with format step 2 # you can to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the " mtp " usb mode . can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ? samsung galaxy s3 not connecting via usb step 3 # make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phone http://m.samsung.com/us/support/downloads http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535mbbvzw driver issues when using samsung galaxy siii via usb for development step 4 # for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi . http://www.airdroid.com/
i had a similar problem connecting my galaxy s3 . the drivers were not installing properly . there were messages saying the usb device as malfunctioning . despite being able to charge the phone , it was not being recognised as a mass storage device nor offering me an option on the phone as to what i would like it to connect to the pc as , until i changed my usb cable . i had read some posts that had suggested this . after trying all the phone and device manager settings from debugging to reinstalling and updating drivers , this is what worked : trying a new usb cable . the drivers installed themselves . then , i was able to select use as media device from the phone notificaton menu . i double clicked my computer , and opened phone to display media . i was also able to select usb tethering from phone settings to allow connection to the internet , which is what kicked this all off in the first place . hope this helps some others . what i also discovered during this process was how to set the phone up as a wi-fi hotspot . i just followed a neat youtube video detailing this , and was able to connect my laptop to the internet while i sorted out the rest of my problem .
if you are using android 4.3 open the dial pad and dial *#0808# android 4.2 *#7284# this will solve your problem .
you might need to clean the micro usb port . try using a toothbrush or a safety pin to get the lint out . this worked for me
install the latest driver ensure you are using the factory cable that came with the phone ( some cables wont work with the s3 , the computer will even lie to you and give you error saying the " usb device not recognized" )
i had a similar problem , but with no error message . my computer just did not see my phone even though the computer recognized any other usb device i put in . note : on a previous session my computer did recognize my phone and i was able to b/u some files . my final solution was fairly simple , while the phone was still on i removed the battery from the phone and left it out for 5 minutes . then i reinstalled the battery and turned the phone on . after plugging the phone into my computer via the usb cord i had a connection phone to computer . no , i do not have a technical explanation for this .
just use kies air ( pre-installed on your s3 ) . works perfectly and is user friendly .
for anyone having trouble connecting to windows using usb in mtp mode , make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phones from samsung 's website . here 's a link for the verizon model : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535rwbvzw navigate to the Manuals &amp; Downloads tab , and then below the tabs , click Software. there you will see the usb driver listed .
you need to use usb 2.0 ports only .
before updating my galaxy s iii to android 4.3 , did not have any problem with windows 7 . it is obvious that w7 should have recognized it even if kies software were not installed . that was with main before updating to new android . but saddlery w7 was not able to find the galaxy siii in media device ( mtp ) mode ! solution for me : installing : device ( install ) , usb drive ( software ) - nov 9 , 2012
the swiftkey website no longer lists anything called " swiftkey " only " swiftkey x " . i have to assume this means " swiftkey " was an earlier product , possibly a beta ?
as sachin correctly states : if you want to immediately execute any action , the barcode scanner will become the background app -- and your auto [ mat ] is moved into a garage . if on the other side you want to batch-collect barcodes for later processing : this is possible . the well-known barcode scanner offered for free by the zxing-team provides a " bulk scan mode " , in which all scanned barcodes will just be stored for later export in e.g. .csv format . you can read more about this in an article on using android smartphone to mass import books .
adb pull does not seem to provide a flag to pull selected files . as a workaround , you can do this : use adb shell [Unix shell command] to copy selected files to a temporary location and then pull all files from that location . update : you can use cp -u [source] [destination] unix shell command to copy only modified files on subsequent run . you can also use -r flag to use it on subdirectories recursive , if its required .
it looks like your hboot needs to be upgraded to v1.02.0000 in order to use the htcdev unlock method . the reason for this is that the legend 's bootloader did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities , so you need to upgrade to the version that added it . unfortunately , the htcdev site will give you an ruu to run , but since it is an . exe file it will not do you much good on linux ( even with wine it probably will balk ) . however , you can perform a manual flash instead : download this legeimg . zip 1 file . this is the new 1.02 bootloader packaged as a zip . copy the zip file to the root of your sd card ( as in , not in any subfolders ) reboot to your bootloader however you like ( adb reboot bootloader works , for example ) when hboot starts up it should tell you that it found an upgrade package on the sd card . check the on-screen prompt and select " yes " to let it flash the zip . reboot your phone into your bootloader again and verify that it is been updated to version 1.02 . at this point you can follow the htcdev unlocking instructions . 1 regarding this file : " eldarerathis " , you say , " i am sure you are a trustworthy chap and all , but how do i know that this mediafire download is legit ? " well , since your bootloader is currently locked , it will only flash images that have been digitally signed by htc . since modifying the contents of the zip file would invalidate the signature , you can rest assured that it is genuine and has not been tampered with . for complete instructions , including how to actually get the zip from the ruu yourself ( which requires windows ) , refer to this xda post .
linux users : if you are stuck in " waiting for device " , make sure you run fastboot as root , such as :
i am seeing conflicting information . one resource says it is hardcoded , so not something you can change user-side : android-specific init programs are found in device/system/init . add log messages to help you debug potential problems with the log macro defined in device/system/init/init . c . the init program directly mounts all filesystems and devices using either hard-coded file names or device names generated by probing the sysfs filesystem ( thereby eliminating the need for a /etc/fstab file in android ) . elsewhere /etc/vold.fstab and /etc/vold.conf are mentioned . i have them on my device under cm 7.1 but i am not sure of how they are used .
do not think about android as a heavily modified linux distribution . because it is not . the nearly only thing that android shares with a linux distribution is the kernel . and even this component is modified . also other core components , like the libc , differ . android has no /etc/fstab you do not need /etc/fstab to mount an partition . but there is iirc no mount command either . dev_mount should work ( root required ) . to answer your questions title : all startup system mounting is done with the/etc/vold.fstab helper script .
the fstab file is in / . it is called /fstab.$systemname.rc where $systemname is based on the handset 's fingerprint property , either identified as category of chipset or handset itself .
you can remount your external storage to be executable by running mount -o remount, rw /mnt/sdcard  this will remove the noexec , nosuid and nodev flags , but it will still be vfat fs . you can make links to this fs but not from within . the remount does not survive a reboot , because the vold . fstab file will be read and they will be remounted at reboot with the noexec flags . if you reformat any of your external storage to anything other than vfat , then they will not be remounted at reboot , and any apps that you have moved to any external storage will not be usable . if you do not intend to use external storage for apps then you can unmount your external storage and use busybox mke2fs DEVICE to make it ext2 . use busybox newfs_msdos DEVICE to return it to vfat and make it usable again . note busybox mkfs.vfat is broken , you will get something like lseek : value too large for defined data type so do not waste your time . all of this assumes you are rooted , and have a working busybox binary .
there might be a problem with your micro-usb connector i.e. the place where you connect the charger to the phone . some times the pins present there bend out of place and so this can happen . take your phone for a repair .
yes , it can , but only on android 4.3 and lower . this is used for example in whatsapp . when you activate the app , whatsapp sends an sms to the number you reported , and the app intercepts it quietly and reports to the servers that it has received the sms . this is how the account is tied to your number . of course , this can be used in harmful apps also . if an app registers as an sms receiver with the highest priority , the app can listen for incoming smss , process them and either dismiss them without the user ever noticing , or forward to the next sms listener with the second-highest priority . this has been redone in android 4.4 , and if i understood correctly , only the default sms app has access to all incoming sms ( SMS_DELIVER_ACTION ) , and the other apps with correct permissions will only receive a notification of the incoming message ( SMS_RECEIVED_ACTION ) . in addition , the SMS_RECEIVED intent is non-abortable , it can not be stopped . i assume that in android 4.4 , this is done to allow the user to see all incoming sms messages in the default app . edit : found some more useful info on the android developers blog . i would test this further , but my only android phone is currently wifi-only , so no sms :/
as things stand android 4.3 and below without hangouts app : any app with sms_receive permission can read/abort an incoming sms ( ala whatsapp ) android 4.3 and below with hangouts ( sms mode turned on ) : any app with sms_receive permission can read but not abort an incoming sms android 4.4 and above : any app with sms_receive permission can read but not abort an incoming sms in all three cases , read_sms will give the app permission to read all the smss not just new incoming smss . as onik mentioned things have change quite a bit in android 4.4
you can add more than single account in android email app ( hope you know how ) . when you are inbox you at top you can find a drop down list with all your accounts names . you can choose one which you want to sent mail from . then just compose that mail and send it .
why not change the account name ? note : this is for email 4.2 . instead of having something like geffchang , change it to geffchang@email.com . in the email app : Settings &gt; Added accounts: [account] &gt; Common settings: More settings &gt; Account name .
i am afraid you can not senarvi , it is a fairly basic setting left out by the android developers to push people towards using a gmail account . you can setup the gmail account to ' pull ' email from another and also send using a different address ( set these up online , rather than through the device ) .
i just encountered this problem - i seem to have solved it by doing force stop on the app ' google text-to-speech ' . ( i also cleared application data , but i guess it is the stop that worked . )
did you purchased it directly from google ? very likely you simply got a returned tablet , i.e. a tablet that already had a previous owner , which installed these apps . i doubt that google pre-installs superuser and rom manager .
mightytext is a free app that allows you to get communication notifications on your tablet through wifi . while its geared for people that would want to text from their tablet , it also has some other really nice features . among them are call notifications , battery alerts , and photo syncing . they also have a chrome extension which allows you to get the same features on a computer . i used to use this app all the time and highly recommend it .
even on sprint , lte will be supported through new devices , just like on all the other carriers . wimax is a different technology . because they are both called 4g is irrelevant . hspa+ is called 4g , too , and is also not the same as lte ( or wimax ) ,
the htc evo does not contain any lte hardware , so it wont work
i found the easiest way to do this was with the application color wallpaper . all the possible colors selectable from a menu , and i have not changed the color in months . you can set it and forget it . even uninstall after setting , if that is your wish . disclaimer : i am not the developer of this application , just a satified user - for years .
came across another cool app , it is called hexa time . you can try it .
the s2 supports mhl through usb , so technically , yes . you will not be able to get a full display , just through supported apps .
i just found out it happens only with hd videos . 480p and 320p videos play normally . the problem is caused by the hardware decoder . when i use a player like mx video player , that allows me to choose a sw decoder , the playback is normal .
i use bittorrent sync a cross platform sync program using the p2p protocol . the files will only exist on your devices unless you set up a cloud based service to watch your file ( s ) /folder ( s ) . send and receive files of any size on any network , encrypted and visible to anyone whom you share the private key ( s ) .
flashing a new ( or old , for that matter ) rom will fix your problem . that is why they say to back things up before you mess with them ; )
if you are only missing that one file , you could try using my copy of it : http://www.freesoft.org/bbaccala/wpa_supplicant i am running 4.1.2 , but i will bet it'll work .
this use case now have an obvious long term solution:  android beam/nfc . not many devices supports nfc yet though , so there is still necessity for other techniques .
i have myself worked on similar project in which not just text messages we were also interested in having audio chat ( real time ) . as you pointed it , android does not really support ad-hoc wifi functionality as of now ( like u said that patching the wpa_suplicant is not generic and frankly i would call that method useless . ) also as your needs even i wanted to not use internet , so not being able to find any other way , for that time i just went with using any local wifi connection in proximity to connect with ( just to be clear , still we are not using internet ) i hope this possibly answers your points 1/2/3 . i am not sure whether a better solution to 1/2/3 exist atleast as long as android people does not allow an ad-hoc to be created ( or atleast joined . . as of now one can not even join ad-hoc wifi from android if i am correct ) regarding 4 , i am again sorry to say that answer to that is also ' no ' . when two devices connect first time , pairing has to happen . and , as far as i remember ( i did this project a few months back and did not get any time to continue/build upon ) for subsequent connections to already paired devices it did not ask for any confirmation besides our own confirmation which we asked to accept incoming voice call . other than that bluetooth method actually worked perfectly fine . hope that helped . let me know if there is something i can clarify more . -atul
on my s3 , the clock widget no longer launches the clock app or alarm . there is , however , a designated alarm app that may be used . that , or you can use a clock widget from the play store , there are quite a number that offer a similar experience to samsung 's default clock app , that allow you to launch a shortcut when tapped on .
the answer depends on what you want to do . adb and ssh serve different purposes , though they have some things in common : you can remotely access your android device , and execute commands on it . with adb you can do a lot more -- you will get an idea if you read the adb tag wiki and also follow the links contained there . one more thing in common : both can be used interactively . and one more shorty : they do not depend on each other . ssh to use ssh , you will need to install a ssh server on your android device . if the latter is rooted ( as a linux user , i do not need to explain that " root " is the administrative account , and also known as the " super-user " who has full access to everything ) , you can set it up to use the default ssh port -- otherwise you need to chose one above 1000 , as it is with linux . now you can interact with the device : copy files with scp , or log in to the device directly . this way you reach a shell , and can work on the device like on any other linux machine ( almost -- of course there are some restrictions , like e.g. no x-server being present , and a limited set of commands ) . adb with adb you can also establish such a " terminal mode " , by simply executing the command adb shell without any arguments . this directly brings you to the shell prompt . similar to ssh , you can also directly execute commands by simply pass them as parameters . in this case , as with ssh , you will be returned to your local terminal prompt once the command has been completed . adb offers additional commands , not only " shell " . so you can e.g. use adb push or adb pull to transfer files ( comparable to scp ) . all the other capabilities go beyond the scope of your question -- but above mentioned tag wiki should get you started here as well . one last word on adb : similar to ssh , this is a client-server model . which means , to execute adb commands from a client , you must have a server running . this is started when you enable " usb debugging " in the settings of your android device .
i had to release the buttons just after samsung logo and not after seeing cwm screen
sometimes you need more tries to go back into recovery . if it does not work , you might have to re-flash the proper . tar file with odin .
Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Downloaded &gt; { app } &gt; Uninstall or open the app drawer , find your app , long-press the icon and drag to the " uninstall " icon .
as al everett pointed out there are a few ways to remove an unofficial app from android . in fact uninstalling an app was simplified with jelly bean . i will cover two ways of uninstalling an app , both of which were mentioned by al everett . the first ( and arguably easiest way ) is to open the app drawer , normally represented by a grid of squares that can be surrounded by a circle . next you want to tap+hold your finger on the app you wish to remove . after a brief moment you should see a trashcan either at the top or at the bottom of your screen , drag the app to the trashcan and let go . at this point you should be prompted by android to verify the app uninstall . go ahead and confirm that you want to remove it . the second way involves going into the device settings , which in itself varies depending on device and version of android . lets go with the easiest way in jelly bean . tap your finger on the top edge of the screen and drag it down . this opens your notification panel . on the panel should be an icon in the top right corner that looks like a stick figure portrait with little boxes along the right and bottom edges . tap this to switch to a secondary panel that should have your " settings " option . the settings icon looks like horizontal slides with the word settings underneath them . once you are in the setting menu scroll down until you see " apps " and tap on it . now scroll down until you find the app you want to remove and tap it . you should now be on a new screen that provides some information about the app , and contains a few buttons . the main thing we are interested in on this screen is the " uninstall " button , this does exactly what it says and will remove the app . here is where i will provide some personal advice , before you uninstall the app i would decide if you will be installing it again any time soon . if you are not then i recommend tapping the " clear data " button before you remove the app . i have had a few rare occasions where the app data was not removed properly when i removed an app and i was unable to re-use that bit of storage on my phone , but again , this has been a rare issue for me . there you have it , 2 detailed ways to remove an unofficial app ( well , any non-system app really ) from android . good luck .
download facebook contact sync . i had this same problem and found this tool . its not foolproof as the name in your contacts has to pretty much exactly match what they have in fb as their name . so people using weird names so they can not be found will not allow them to sync . otherwise it works well .
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
one has to delete the gallery user settings get the choice for the import back .
i was having the same problem with this router + phone + firmware combo , i found that setting up a dhcp reservation ( using the mac address of your phone ) on the router ( setup/basic setup/dhcp server/dhcp reservation ) allowed my phone to connect successfully .
here 's an issue i had forever ! i fixed it by adjusting the router to use wpa2 only instead of wpa/wpa2 . now all my android devices connect without problems .
try reloading the wifi driver dial *#*#526#*#* ( or ) install the " wifi-fixer " app from the market .
try : Settings → Applications → Manage Applications → select Browser ( "All apps" tab ) → Clear Data . this would delete all the data belonging to the app . quite like a factory reset , but just for that app . be careful while using this . make sure you select the correct application ( its called ' Browser' some phones and ' Internet' on some ) in the All apps list . you can accidentally delete your contacts and other important stuff if you are not careful
i noticed this when browser had way too many megabytes of data . if you are root you can remove the localstore files without clearing all browser data ( bookmarks etc . ) by using ghost commander or similar app , or adb shell , to remove the localstore files from /data/data/com . android . browser/app_databases .
not from within android , no . only root can mount or remount filesystems , including /system . there is another way , which is to go outside of android completely by making the change you want from the recovery . since the recovery does not use android 's permissions system , it can let you mount whatever filesystems you like , however you like . but if you are going to install a custom recovery to let you do this , you might as well root the phone anyway .
install any recovery like crm or twrp . . . . search for " room original del huawei y210d " in youtube . exactly as given . . . . u will see one hd video link in search result . . downlaod the file mentioned in description of the vdo . . . download the rom file mentioned in youtube vdo description wipe the os of ur mobile . wipe cache . . and others . keep downloaded zip file in sd card . install using recovery . . . . enjoy . . . .
if you install different countries rom , you will get some different app that follows in that country region .
yes , it is ok to flash stock rom from another country . but , take note that it may have different languages , and a different baseband/modem . having a different baseband can cause network issues ( or a very hot phone ) , but you can flash a baseband that works for your country .
adobe stopped supporting flash player on android , and removed their app from play store . gtv 's chrome browser 's flash plugin will remain at whatever version it currently is , and will no longer receive any updates . bottom line is that there is no way to play that video on your google tv device .
yes , that is an accurate observation . i do not have a motorola phone myself , but from what i understand blur is embedded pretty tightly into the rom . trying to remove it would be painful at best , and probably just cause your phone to start crashing . i would recommend flashing a custom rom that either never had blur ( e . g . something built largely from the aosp like cyanogenmod ) or a heavily customized version of your rom that has had blur thoroughly rooted out and replaced with stock apps .
yup - adw launcher has an option to lock desktop which does not allow any changes to be made to the shortcuts or widgets .
best option is to request the desktop website on your google chrome browser . ( make sure you have the check box checked on your browser setting . just tap the menu button to the left of your home button on your phone ) . now go to google.com/imghp and you have the look and feel of the website like you had expect it on your computer .
google seems to block some webbrowsers/versions from search with image . if you change useragent string in your browser settings to firefox/4 ( or anything more than 3 ) google show you the camera-icon so you can search with a image again like was possible before . ( firefox have this setting under general . useragent . extra . firefox in about:config your phones browser might have it somewhere else )
have you tried using google goggles instead ? this is google 's app for doing a reverse image search using a camera . make sure to enable Search from Camera . you can also use an existing picture in your gallery . open settings ( circle button at lower right ) , then click the icon that looks like a mountain with an arrow ( 2nd button from left ) .
assuming the original photos are still available , the loss of the thumbnails is not an issue , so you can dispose of the corrupted files . the gallery app will read the images directly . in fact , certain space-management apps will delete thumbnails for space recovery . i use sd maid , which recommends their disposal in the systemcleaner panel . i have done this a number of times , without system degredation . the gallery obviously still works , as i can still find and display any of the near-1000 images taken on my phone . if you choose not to use sd maid to clean them up , you can do this manually with any file explorer app to find them in the dcim\thumbnails folder . this folder is the sibling to the camera folder ( dcim\camera ) . select and delete all the thumbnails without a problem , just do not do the same to the original images until you have backed them up .
a standard , traditional headphone jack has 3 sections , for left , right ( outputs ) , and ground . the ones with the microphone added a 4th section , for monoaural input from the mic . there is no way to get stereo input through a single connection . as far as the quality goes , i do not really know , but i doubt that it is particularly high quality , as it was designed only for non-stereo voice .
i found this video on youtube : galaxy samsung s4 external mic for mobile phone . and here is the mic quoted on ebay . i plan to test it soon . it seems the vendor has positive feedback . it is noise-reducing microphone for the 3.5mm jack . i tried to check if the cited video has stereo sound . i believe it does , but i am not sure it did not come from some youtube stereo enhancement , so i cannot claim it for the microphone . i plan to use it for lectures , so it should serve for the purpose well enough .
early this year , arrived for android : air display by avatron software available for 3,79€ in google play . android 2.3.3 and up .
not to my knowledge . both of those solutions you have listed appear to use vnc as the service .
idisplay is now available for android . there is a review on androidcommunity . com us$4.99 in google play .
have you tried installing a stock image from rom manager and then upgrading from there ? just to make certain that you are using a clean stock image . are you wanting to keep root ? any ota updates might remove your root ( i do not have a n1 , so i do not know how the 2.2.1 update will affect your root status ) .
installing the stock android 2.2 frf91 or newer unroots the phone . i had this same problem . you can downgrade and root using the directions here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=717870
go into the main settings app . find location access ( location services on some phones ) in the list of settings pages , and make sure all the settings in that page are on , in particular wi-fi and mobile network location ( which might have a slightly different name , such as use wireless networks ) . when you turn this option on , there is a dialog warning you that this periodically sends the visible wi-fi networks to google . this is how the location mechanism works , so you have to agree to it if you want this feature . even when it is on , it only works when you are connected to the internet ( either through 3g or wi-fi ) . it works by sending google the list of wi-fi networks you can see . google has collected a database of wi-fi network names and real-world locations , so with this information , they can reply to your phone with its approximate position . obviously this can only work with internet access . the similar feature in the ipad works exactly the same way , only with a different database maintained by apple instead of google .
4 months later support finally shared me the latest rom that solved all the above issues .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
none of the carriers in the us support this that i know of . but according to the android supported codec page , amr-wb ( adaptive multi-rate wideband ) is supported by android devices . as long as the carrier is actually using the " spec " to transmit the " hd voice " over the gsm/cmda network , there is nothing special that needs to be done for android devices , it will support both normal and hd calls . to explain a little further . when an hd call comes in on a device that supports amr-wb , and it is enabled ( based on the comments below that some may not have support enabled ) , nothing has to be done on the device side . all that is sent to the device is an audio stream , the stream is in the amr-wb format and the device decodes that automatically . because it is an audio codec specification and the support for that exists on the device you are able to send/receive using this codec .
they are most likely there , just you are not looking in the right label . outlook screws up your gmail folders/labels and causes very annoying gmail sync issues . that is why i quit using outlook with my gmail .
i have a similar problem and have been seeing similar issues over the past month or so . it appears that imap copy into inbox or other gmail labels no longer generates new mail events / notifications . i have tested with multiple folders ( including the inbox ) using both outlook 2010 and the latest versions of thunderbird setup for imap . i have found that android 's gmail app as well as gooogle 's gmail web interface only update / generate notifications when an email is received by the gmail servers . based on the above , the only conclusion i can come to is that google is no longer generating new mail events within the overall gmail environment when an imap email client copies messages into folders . i too wish they would . i was using outlook to copy email from an exchange account to a gmail label and received notification on my android device . this worked well for a long time ( a few years ? ) . edit : may 1st , 2013 since my post in march it appears that these notifications are now working . has been for a couple of weeks . seems like the problems were most likely issues with google servers . anyway . . . i no longer have this problem .
adding a contact under google lets you sync it with your google account . i am also able to add a group to a contact , which is also synced with the google account . however , i am no longer using the stock contact app . instead , i am using touchpal contacts , which allows me to hide contacts without a phone number , something the stock app does not have .
which version of android is this ? i see no such menu in my phone . there is only sim storage , which should never be used except to import old contacts , phone storage which should only be used when you do not want your phone to be linked to an online address book , and synced storage which is usually google account but other apps that are installed on the phone might also provide facility for their address book . phone storage , google contact synced storage , and google+ synced storage provides grouping ability . availability of grouping for third party synced storage depends on their implementation . contacts from multiple address book providers can be joined into a single entry , so it can be used as a workaround to group contacts when the third party address book provider does not provide grouping facility of their own . yes , contact management in android can be a bit complicated , but that is because it is trying to solve a bigger problem , which is that most people have multiple address books with overlapping contacts . for example , i have google contacts , hotmail , yahoo , skype , and whatsapp . the ability to manage them from a single app , and join contacts from different address book providers is just ingenious .
yes , this is the correct and official way of flashing be aware though , that no matter which way you flash , you can still break your phone for example , you are in the middle of flashing your device , and the usb lead comes out - bricked device . or you are flashing , and you have a powercut - bricked device . so , the moral is that there is no completely 100% safe way of flashing a device .
roms are still mostly compiled official android source code ( or apps , etc . ripped from dumps of newer phones backported to older phones ) with tweaks and some minor custom utilities or features that are not included in the stock rom for a specific phone . the biggest point of roms is getting newer versions of the android operating system ( or as much as the phone 's hardware can support - see the g1 as limited device example when it comes to android 2.1+ ) on older phones . this is perhaps the main point of the cyanogenmod . roms also may be very similar to stock roms but are of different " themes " that change the colors of the notification bar , etc .
well , the os is in the rom , to start with . you are suffering from a terminology problem : " rom"s these days are all typically flash memory , which is erasable and rewritable , but not byte-by-byte . so the os may even live in the same physical ics as the ' main ' phone memory . basically , custom roms can enhance/modify/break every aspect of your phone 's operation . there is a separate ' radio rom ' which includes the low-level drivers for the wifi/gps/3g/gsm/bluetooth functions , and these typically are not ' customised ' but you may still find newer versions available that can improve certain aspects of your phone .
although there is not a general solution for remotely launching apps , here is a solution that applies to your situation : first , install androidlost from the online google play store . this is the app you can use to control/wipe/access info about your lost device , yadayada give it a little time to install to your device , then install androidlost jumpstart from the online google play store as well this app will wake up the registration process on the androidlost app when ever a phone call is made , an sms received , battery is low , a package is added , removed or changed . so you have to install an arbitrary app from the play store as well to activate the service , but you can then go to androidlost . com to access functions to control your lost device ! including ringing an alarm ; )
assuming that you have not changed the default triggers for the app , you can simply text your phone from another device with : findme to get your phone to send you gps information about it is location ringaloud to get your phone to send you gps information about it is location and to ring out loud at full volume . sourced from their instructions page .
if gps accuracy is enough for you , plan b is just what you need . you can remotely install it via the play store web interface and it activates automatically , sending the phone 's coordinates to your primary google account . however , it can not play sounds on your device to help you narrow the location further .
more details would definately be nice . i can think of a few very nice options that would work over wifi . airdroid2 would let you upload and download files over your browser pretty handily , though a web interface . it does a load of other things too ( like act as a filemanager , and let you do things on your phone like send texts from a webui ) another alternative would be pushbullet - it lets you send and recieve files up to 25 mb . like airdroid , it uses a webui on the pc side ( or extentions , which are well worth getting imo ) , and an app on the phone you could also use a sync tool like dropbox or ( my current favourite ) bitorrent sync to expose a folder and download files from there .
there are plenty solutions for that . unfortunately , you did not specify the options : wifi ? bluetooth ? usb only ? other means ? a first check should bring you to our nice file-transfer tag-wiki , linking to questions already having answers on this topic : how can i send a file wirelessly without bluetooth or a wi-fi network in ics ? how can i transfer photos to my android jelly bean device while preserving the original timestamp ? also , the " related " section of your question ( to the right , if you use a web browser ) has some pointers . and of course there are already several questions tagged file-transfer ( just click on the tag ) : is there a way to copy files directly between two android devices on the same wifi network ? would be one example . if wifi is an option , you might want to take a look at airdroid . that is an app you install on your android device , start it , and it gives you an url to type into your browser on your mac . from there , you can manage your device easily : copy files to and from , check the call log , write an sms , and much more . if your device ( which you did not mention ) has an sdcard , you could also unmount that , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your mac . then copy the files to the card , safely unmount , and put it back into your android device . for more/other options , please follow the links above – or use the search box : )
you can use an app called android file transfer , where you connect you device to your computer through usb and then you can just drag the files into the application . they will be transfered in a matter of seconds !
yep if you do not want to use a usb use dropbox . online file sharing from computer to whatever device : make an account then sign in on the computer . upload the desired files . when that is done simply download the app aptly named dropbox . sign in the download the file on your device . this only takes a few minutes and you could do this with any file . from music to video . from a word document to an apk . even files that your computer doesnt understand ( maybe a file only compatible with macs or phones ) if you dont have an internet connection via 3g then use your home or friends wifi . you get something like 5 gb extra for doing simple tasks like linking your accounts . all of your legal illegal files are completely safe . only you and a peeping tom over your shoulder can see your files . there is no file size limit . this is better than usb because your files will forever be backed up on drop box unless you delete them .
i am not sure if it worked this way back when you asked the question , but this can be done without an addon . change firefox settings to tap-to-play plugins if not already set . then click the video link to open the file . firefox will not play the video if tap-to-play is set to on . instead of tapping to play , long-tap the video placeholder until you are presented with a menu which will include an entry to download the file .
download a downloader ( download manager ) app like adownloder . long press on the video url in browser and select " share " from the context menu . then select share with adownloader ( or any other downloader app that you install ) . this should start downloading using the download manager app . this may not always work as some sites do not let you download videos . give it a try . edit as of december 2012 , i do not see any way to get something like " save link as " option in firefox for android . however , in some cases clicking on a video link automatically starts downloading the video , but in most cases it starts playing them . best you can do is to request firefox to add this feature . meanwhile , you can try a download utility as i mentioned earlier or use an alternative browser that has this feature for your video downloads .
on android you have to add this feature via an addon . after installing the save link option will appear as on a desktop firefox . https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/android/addon/save-link-menus/?src=search
did you try chrome browser . it has the save link option in long press menu .
if the computer and the phone are on the same network , than you can use adb via wifi . there is an app that makes it to turn it on/off : adbwireless after enabling it open a command prompt and execute : adb connect ip:5555 
unfortunately rooting your phone will not change a thing , as the problem is on the windows side . if windows does not have a way to communicate with the phone ( ie , a driver ) , then it does not matter if the phone has a different rom on it - the hardware is still the same . however , if you package your apps as apks you can upload them to the sd card and then click on them to install that way . in eclipse : right click on the project > android tools > export signed application package . follow the prompts and you are flying .
i have been looking for the answer to this question since i read it a year ago . i searched several times and i always find the same question in many forums , but no answers . the only certainty is that it is not a bug of android as such because it only happens for users of the htc brand , but i have never found anything productive that comes out of htc staff in this regard . this question was asked over a year ago and still there is no answer , so i would like to be the first to give an answer , even if it is a guess . what i can conclude from the comments on this and other forums is that " alicia han " is a placeholder for contact name which the htc developers put to be replaced for real contact data when you receive a call ( in the same way this placeholder could be " john doe " in english or " fulano de tal " in spanish ) , although it seems feasible according to the comment of @qdoe ( being htc a chinese corporation ) , i do not know how random can be that choice of name , it could be even a co-worker 's name as suggesteded by @propeller , or maybe it is only to sound less chinese , given that " alice " is a western name . the problem is that , likely due to a bug in programming such functionality , the placeholder is shown instead the real data when lockscreen is active , or when hanging up an incoming call . probably by this time the bug has already been fixed , that is why htc offers free " repair " of the phone , as happened to @siebe .
i have a nexus s running 2.3 and when i go to calendar -> menu -> more -> settings , i see this screen . if you click the default reminder time you have the option of none .
obviously the su binary you installed does not work well with your system . as you luckily created a backup of the original su executable , recommendation is to revert the incompatible changes first : adb shell $ oldsu # mount -o remount,rw /system # rm /system/xbin/su /system/bin/su # cp /system/xbin/oldsu /system/xbin/su # exit $ exit adb reboot  explanation : start adb shell and become root ( using the working oldsu executable ) . delete /system/xbin/su ( which is only a symlink now ) and the incompatible /system/bin/su , then copy the working su back to where it belongs . then exit the root shell and finally adb shell . the reboot is optional , and should not be needed . also optionally you could remove busybox ( or keep it if it works ) . before exiting adb shell you might wish to test whether su works again , just to be sure ( which is why i wrote cp for this : if anything goes wrong , you still have your oldsu available ) . with those steps , you should at least have everything in working order again , and this issue is solved . updating to a newer android version is a separate issue : please check the update tag , as corresponding questions already exist . same for the rom you might need ( check the rom tag for that , and in also check the tag-wikis for update and rom ) .
see this related question on our sister site for programming questions , stack overflow
i do not know about scrolling smoothly , but if you tap the bottom of the screen as you are reading it automatically scrolls up or to the next page as appropriate .
i just received an email from the developer , don choi . citing it here in its entirety as an answer : the continuous scroll feature is in our big to-do list . it will eventually implemented later . we do not have a open forum . however , http://www.facebook.com/ezpdf is a good start . so more nifty things are on their way for this application .
you would need to re-calibrate the battery . i would suggest reading the answers on : how frequently is it okay to let the battery discharge fully or as low as possible ? looking for a consistent answer about battery calibration is there an efficient way to calibrate the battery than using some apps ?
screen shot of emulator : firstly start the emulator then go to the ddms please select the emulator then left side we have button screen capture click this button screen shot is taken .
you can do this with the secure settings plugin . parts of it require root , so i am not sure whether this will work if you are un-rooted . it works perfectly for me , but i am rooted .
have a look at this discussion . is your problem same as the one discussed here ? if so , google is working on a fix .
the serval mesh may accomplish what you are after . it allows mobile to mobile communication simply using the technology available in phones themselves . also see this question/answer . note the technology is currently in its infancy and still has many bugs/kinks to work out but the direction is promising .
yes : ) use bluefi phone or walkie talkie wifi / bt i used bluefi phone . this applications gives you the facility to call another android phone which has already installed this application and within your bluetooth range or same wifi network . you have to add the device which you want to make the call and call directly to this android phone without any internet connections . i think this will fulfills your needs .
while i have not tried to use my phone like this myself , i found the question interesting enough to do a little googling . the best search term seemed to be android wifi|bluetooth walkie talkie . the most promising free candidate i found looks to be android intercom - direct phone to phone communication over wifi or bt without an intermediary server or telco . the most promising paid for app seems to be wifi talkie .
short answer , you cannot , themeing features are specific to cyanogenmod , and if attempting to apply this on top of a stock rom , will either result in force closes , or boot-loops . you cannot have it both ways . go down the cyanogenmod route and then the themeing will work , or forget about it .
you cannot . the cyanogen theming engine is specific to cm and derivative roms . samsung stock roms have touchwiz ui , which is a proprietary layer . theming cm to look like touchwiz , or creating mashups would be easier because of cm 's open nature . some carriers might give packs , like sprint ( source ) . you can install a different launcher and install themes on it , of course . go launcher , for one , has many themes .
it is originally part of the t-mobile theme engine , which is open source so you can implement in other roms , but you will need a rom that has it built in http://code.google.com/p/android-theme/wiki/tmobilethemeengine
i solved the problem myself . i had a game installed on sd card named , hambo , i shifted it to phone and all apps , came back to their place , what else change i did earlier was to remove updates of android market app . so google play was removed and then i did the only change of moving one app . from sd card to phone and my problem was solved . i do not know actual reason of problem but based on what i read some where i think it was may be waiting for some update or change in some installation after the uninstallation of play update . so when i shifted an app to phone , all old things restored at their place .
sorry to say this but this facility is not there . . ! !
even if all other ways fail , you can still root it the manual way : go to http://androidsu.com/superuser/ and download the latest su binary for your phone . ( arm , 3.1.3 , i would assume ) put the downloaded zip file into the root directory of your phone 's sd card . shut down the phone . boot the phone into recovery mode . on samsung devices , this is done by holding [ vol up ] + [ home ] during boot . select " apply update from sd card " and navigate to the zip file and confirm . the su binary is now being installed . reboot your phone afterwards . install the app " superuser " ( com.noshufou.android.su ) from the playstore . your phone should now be rooted . test it by running the superuser app . alternatively , there is this instruction from xda . i cannot provide guarantee that this will work . certain phone manufacturers take the process of rooting your phone as a void of guarantee .
probably there are not known tools for mac which can perform operations for android . however there is a best possible option to install virtual machine on mac and then install windows on it . or there is another solution from apple : 1 . install bootcamp from here 2 . after installing windows using bootcamp , you can use any windows tools for rooting your device . that is it . hope it helps u .
1 . install virtualbox on either your mac or linux 2 . install virtualbox extension pack ( on virtualbox download page ) 3 . install a windows virtual machine of your choice 4 . enable usb 2.0 in virtualbox for the windows vm 5 . install kingo andriod root inside windows 6 . root you are welcome .
the galaxy tab runs the android os , so no , you will not be able to install any software that is made for a pc ( unless they have re-made it for android ) . i do not believe you can connect a printer to it , but there may be ways to print wirelessly ( i have no experience with this ) . no mouse support that i know of as it is a touch screen device .
in addition to bryan 's answers - the very last question - no , you can not connect a usb flash drive .
here is a review that should clear up all of your questions . except whether or not it would run photoshop ( any version ) and the simple answer is no , it will not run any windows or mac software . i do not even think there is an emulator , but i may be wrong . either way it does not have the hardware to run both an emulator and photoshop , it would probably not run photoshop effectively even if there was a native version . there is also no usb port of any kind , not even micro ; it charges through a samsung proprietary cable .
for file interchange issues you may use dropbox . this utility is available for ms-windows , mac os x and linux ( and even iphone ) ; you will get a folder , which is synchronized between any of your machines . it is very comfortable , you can organize your shared file set on a desktop machine , then you have just wait for a while to appear it on your android device . i think it is more comfortable than using a pendrvie . ( dropbox is a commercial service , but you get 2 gbyte space for free . ) for iphone and ipad , which devices have no sd card slot nor any other way to exchange files with computers , it is a life saving solution . for using desktop software on your android device , you should try some kind of remote desktop , like vnc . i have not tried , but it seems that it works .
ok , i will answer my own question on this one because i just came across mortplayer . it does exactly what i want : it will load m3u files or just play all files in a directory .
for galaxy s2 , in settings , voice input and output , text-to-speech settings , turn off driving mode , this should turn off both call and messaging readout . actually , you have to go into the driving mode settings and disable the option for incoming call read out . i disabled all of the read out messages for new email etc . i do not want my phone talking to me ever ! turning off driving mode did not work on my new galaxy s2 .
go into Settings-&gt;Accessibility and uncheck " talk back " .
for galaxy s2 go to Settings -&gt; Language and Input -&gt; Text-to-speech output and turn off Driving Mode . this should turn off both call and messaging readout .
on my droid 2 it is under settings > call settings > caller id readout . . . then you can set ring only , caller id then ring , or caller id repeat . i realize you have a different phone , but i hope this helps .
this applies to the at and t sgs2 ( sghi777 ) . my problem started when i ran the " voice command " app . i started the driving mode , but even after i turned it off , it would still read the cid in my ear . after reading all the answers here and trying everything , i still had the problem . i finally tried -settings-> voice input and output-> text-to-speech settings-> check " always use my settings " . finally i have peace . thank you everyone who helped steer me in the right direction .
okay , i had the same problem . go into Settings , then click Voice input and output next , click Text-to-speech settings , from there you should see something called Driving Mode . if its got a tick next to it , you have found your problem . untick driving mode and the voice will stop reading out the number . i accidentally clicked that button a while back , and have spent the past week trying to work out how to put it back .
in epic 4g ( imagine same for other galaxy s handsets ) : settings -> text-to-speech -> speak incoming callerid
whatsapp checks if there is a sim card installed at the time of boot . so as long as you have a sim card installed , it should not be a problem to your whatsapp account ( the old one ) i have switched sim cards and it has not affected my whatsapp account . the problem of verification arises when you boot your phone without a sim card .
you could move your phone number to your new sim card and just type it in whatsapp , i did that . whatsapp will ask you for your phone number and once you type it in it should let you log in without a problem . ( it worked for me ) .
according to this post , com.sonyericsson.usbux is enhancedusbux.apk app , which handles usb support . com.sonyericsson.capabilities belongs to DefaultCapabilities.apk app , but i have not been able to find anything about its functionality , other than a cryptic " hardware capabilities " description .
myweigth is a promising app for that purpose , but not yet released to android . myweight puts the retina display to work with beatuiful hi-resolution graphics . interactive controls and dials will have you looking forward to tracking your weight each day . our elegant sync feature will guarantee your data is safe and accessable anywhere . available now in the itunes app store and soon to the android market .
weigh weight lite did the trick for me .
fatsecret has a calorie counter app that keeps track of your weight . you can also use it to keep track of calories consumed and exercise on a daily basis . information can be backed up to the fatsecret site online if you choose to do so .
see this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/lifetracking/com.lifetracking lifetracking application allows you to track any value that is important to you like your weight , blood pressure , or number of pushups you do a day , as well as any time-consuming activities like sleeping , working , watching tv , etc . you can also graph the data to see it visually and use the application to analyze it . the goal of the application is to help you know yourself and your schedule better . hopefully , when you graph things side-by-side you will understand yourself and your life bette
yes , your phone must be rooted because to access that file the /system needs to be mounted as write-able once you obtain root you can run this command inside a shell : su chmod 777 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness then just navigate to that file and edit it using a file browser . what the chmod 777 command does is change the permissions on that file so that you can edit it . after you finish i would suggest changing the permissions back to what they were . the original permissions were probably 0666 . so it would be like this : chmod 0666 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness to encompass t0mm13b 's remark below , go here for information on how to make the file write-able at boot , instead of having a script be run at each boot that makes it write-able .
i heard , that an important sensor is missing . galaxy nexus does not have one , but you need it for hdr .
i have had a little look at this now that android 4.2 source is out . it turns out that hdr is not done by the camera app itself , it is a scene mode that needs to be supported by the operating system implementation and/or drivers . the camera app will remove the hdr button if : you are not on api level 17 ( android 4.2 ) or above , or ; camera . parameters . getsupportedscenemodes ( ) returns null or a list that does not contain the string " hdr " so in short , the hdr mode is implemented by the operating system 's camera driver itself and can not be added to the standard camera app without delving into the os source . i have not done this yet , but if i do figure it out i will post an update .
perhaps it has to do with hdr processing speed . it may be slow on the dual core nexus
replacing will probably work . however adding or removing files might not , flashable zip 's need to contain a script which tells them what to do ( in this case : installing , moving , copying files ) you need to change these scripts to your desire , i do not know much abou that but xda-developers has a lot information about it . another problem might be some sort of checksum which verifies integrity . you can make a nandroid-backup and test it yourself ; )
try downloading via wifi . i had this issue recently , same phone . tried a few times ; both on pc and on the device itself each failed . i realized wifi was off ( mobile data only ) . i turned wifi on and the file downloaded first go .
log into google play store ( via browser ) scroll to the bottom of the page and locate " my orders and settings " click on the settings tab assign a " nickname " to your phone check " shown in menus " save settings return to the play store and download apps . this worked for me .
i am looking for documentation to back this up , but in my experimentation the " default " phone number for a contact is what is used with voice commands if you do not define a phone " type " . so , if i have three phone numbers for john smith , if i just use the command Call John Smith the default phone number will be used . otherwise , i need to use Call John Smith home or Call John Smith mobile . it is also used if , when looking at a list of contacts , you tap the phone icon next to the contact 's name . it will use the default phone number ( if defined ) .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
check the tables of supported countries on wikipedia . most likely , street view is not yet available where you live .
it may take a couple of second for the street view button to become enabled . just leave the button for up to half a minute ?
this depends on your device . sone android devices have usb ports that can work in host mode or support usb otg . these devices can at least have read access to the usb drives , some can even use them as full mounts . one app that allows read access on a lot of devices is nexus media importer . you can use it to browse media and copy files to internal storage .
since the nature of your question is simply " is this possible " , the answer is yes , there are ways to spoof your esn . often this is a form of phone cloning , which is also simply referred to as esn cloning . the concept is that you take one phone and then configure it to broadcast using the esn of a different phone , effectively " cloning " the second as far as the network is concerned . however , it is important to note that in most western countries ( and possibly elsewhere ) doing this is illegal . in the us it is considered " cell phone fraud " or " subscriber fraud " and is covered on the fcc 's website in some detail . i believe it is similar across much of europe .
the website is fraudulent . if you try to download the app , it gets you to " answer product surveys " ( that is , it is a cost-per-action scam ) , and then installs software on your pc . if there even is an android app at the end of it , it is almost certainly malware . think about it . why would apple give access to their closed chat system to some no-marks app that is not even on google play , when they do not give access to reputable software vendors ? why is not there any corporate information ( the name of the company , their address , or even the country they operate from ) on the download page ?
a known issue with running 2 avs is that they will consider each other as a potential virus . this has to do with the behaviour of these programs . they scan directories , perform root-operations ( if you have installed the av on a rooted device ) , and so on . this is true on any system , not only mobile devices . you can in most cases run an av together with an anti-malware product . i do say in most cases . as mentioned by karan , there is no real need for av software as long as you only run google play / appstore apps and you do not download any rubbish from sites you visit . do keep in mind that there are some dangerous apps on google play . i am an android user myself , definitly no ifanboy , and i must admit not all play apps are safe . so always check the permissions and intentions of an app before installing it . i myself have avast ! mobile security on my tablet . this is because i run some off-the-market apps . ms also allows me to protect some apps with a pincode , such as my email apps . i do not think running an av is a waste of resources , but if you handle your device with care , there is no real need for one .
no . i will even go to the extent of saying using an antivirus is of no use if you only install apps from google play . but if you install apps from third party sources ( i.e. apks , etc . ) , using an antivirus might actually make sense . but using 2 avs does not make sense in any scenario imho .
yes , because you need to have root in order to install a recovery ; which you will , in turn , use to flash cyanogenmod .
new skype version has excellent video call quality . the official version does not support video on galaxy s yet , though . so you need to install the hacked version ( check here ) . i have been using it on my samsung galaxy s and it rocks .
there are a few different options for video calling . i do not know how many of them will support the options you want , but i will try to specify their uses as best i can . the new version of google talk it supports video calling and handles it well . you have to call from within the app though , i do not believe there is built in platform support for calling from call logs . fring this is a widely used , multi-platform video chat app that has many options , and i know it allows you to remove your self image , group chat , and it pulls from your contact list to give you a list of other fring users . on occasion , it has worked with skype ( mobile-to-desktop ) , but in my experience , this has been spotty . qik the advantage to qik is it is incredible online support . it has been improved greatly since it is introduction to the mobile market . tango this got the last spot because it is personally my least favorite . you can only call to other devices using tango , which i find extremely limiting , but it is the same scenario for qik , so it'll have to be dealt with . it has very positive reactions from users though , so it is worth a look . i hope this helps you get a jump start on finding a solution to what you want . take a test run with one or a few of these and let us know what works best for you !
for #3 , tap the caller image in the log , and select the second shortcut for video call . if i remember correctly , this has been available since froyo ( 2.2 ) , but i am not sure ( running darky 's rom 10.1 , which is 2.3.3 ) .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
as per oxford : top grossing means earning more money than other similar things or people . but as per google app store it may refer to : top-grossing = sum of all revenue generated from the purchase of the app + sum of all in-app purchases it also means that app listed in top grossing lists holds people 's attention for the most time . so even if an app is free but still if it is getting downloaded the most then it will feature in this list . also many of the free versions apps like angry birds , cut the rope etc . provide in app purchase ability i.e. you do not need to bye a paid version but to access more features you have to pay some amounts which ultimately boost 's apps revenue and ranks app higher in list .
i also had a similar problem , to me it looked like battery stats issue , i discharged my phone completely and then recharged it . that solved problem with my phone .
i have had similar issues with google goggles , the android api demo app , and one or two other apps . i strongly believe this is just a bug in the battery statistics , as it has never impacted my battery life in a meaningful way . usually the way i make this go away is by rebooting the phone , although that is not ideal .
galaxy tab 2 is not bootloader-locked . you can directly flash the images . just write the partition name and drag the file in command-line using heimdall .
you are trying to root/flash a custom rom to a verizon gt2 but i see gt2 3100 in the code . you are not using the correct odin files . i am no expert but i know the verizon tab is different from the wifi tab . luckily you did not lock it up .
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
i use " autoit " make script and auto convert ( print ) to pdf .
for cm9: get shell , get root , " setprop net . hostname whateveryouwant " for a temporary change to test . will reset on reboot . to make this change permanent , you will need to add it to build . prop . add it as a new line " net . hostname=newdevicename " and you are set .
warning : messing with your build.prop file can have serious repercussions to your rom . it is a very ' sensitive ' file and can cause unforseen consequences . doing any of the below is done at your own risk . always make a nandroid backup before messing with a rom . i learned this the hard way , do not do what i did ! this should work , though it depends on cm9: download root explorer for your phone . open root explorer , go to /system , and search Build.prop open with text editor search your baseband and device model do not edit anything except baseband , custom rom and device model . reboot look in settings → about edit : here is an alternative method for doing the same using es file explorer . i have not tested this myself , but it has more detail for a beginner . see xda developers forum . edit 2: build . prop editor is an app to modify your build.prop directly . i have not tested this either so use at your own risk . link to source code in the description in the play store .
use this application . do the same things but safe . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.model.phonemodelchangerhl=en
for the most part , sure . i just put my galaxy nexus ( android 4.2.2 ) into airplane mode and tried to compose an email message with speech-to-text . it worked , but it was slo-o-o-o-w . and not as accurate as i would like . if you go into Settings &gt; Language &amp; input &gt; Google voice typing (settings) you can set which languages are downloaded to your device for speech-to-text . english is my default ( and is already downloaded ) but i see about 20 other files i can download . however , whether you can do this or how well it works depends a lot ( i think ) on your device and the version of the os you are running .
if you want to use the internet connection your android device provides to access the internet when working on your laptop , this is called tethering ( this wikipedia article gives you closer information ) . the followint q and a gives you some closer information on this topic : use 3g connection on my android in ubuntu though the title mentions ubuntu , the solution provided there explicitly states to also support fedora -- and it should work via usb cable . starting with froyo ( android 2.2 ) , your device can also directly act as a wifi hotspot ( just check in the setup under wireless and networks ) -- which of course requires your laptop to support wifi ( but which laptop does not ? ) . when running into trouble with this , you might want to check this q and a : tethering an android 2.2.1 ( froyo ) using wifi if your question is rather the other way around : your laptop having internet , and you want to use that connection from your android , this is called reverse tethering . in this case check : connect android device as wifi adapter to a pc to create an ad-hoc network more on reverse tethering you can find checking the questions tagged reverse-tether .
i think what you are after is google 's device manager app ( search in play store ) . it lets you see the location of other google devices registered to your account . it is primary aim is for device security . e.g. location if stolen or lost , remote wipe , make the other device ring . if the two devices belong to different people , you can have more than one google account set up on your android device ( via settings -> accounts ) . just get the other person to add their account to your device ( but turn off the data syncing options unless you want all their email , contacts , etc ) if you want to view their location in device manager . my wife and i use it all the time to see where the other is , e.g. find out when to expect them home , or where i am while out cycling for safety . also viewable in a web browser from a pc .
from google+ help google+ allows you to share your current location with the people and circles you choose across google products such as google+ and google now . once you have enabled location sharing , google shares your best available location . you can share your pinpoint or city-level location with others , and you can do so on a circle-by-circle basis . for example : you can share your pinpoint location with family , and your city-level location with your co-workers . you can also change who can see your location or completely turn off location sharing at any time . to use location sharing , you need to : Turn Location Reporting on from a compatible device [Android] [iOS]. Enable Location Sharing and choose who can see your location.  turning on location reporting alone will not automatically share your location ; both of these steps need to be taken for location sharing to work . manage location sharing turn location sharing on or off on android location and city-level location . to share your precise location , touch choose people to share with on the " pinpoint location " card . to share your current city location , touch choose people to share with on the " city location " card . select ok . if you do not edit your " pinpoint location " or " city location " sharing settings , by default , your location is shared with " only you . " where does my location appear ? people you choose to share location information with will be able to see your current location on google products . for example , on your google+ profile , it is displayed below your name and profile photo on desktop , android , and ios devices . on android and ios , they will be able to see your location on a map in the locations destination in the google+ app .
to answer the original question , according to google 's official post , maps on the phone take real time traffic conditions into account when calculating directions . this could explain the discrepancies between the directions you found via pc earlier . the bug you are describing could be a side-effect of this , when navigation is trying to be too smart for its own good , and the route from web is confusing the computation of real-time directions . i would submit this as a bug report to google .
change your wifi network name . use at least wpa2 encryption ( and a long password with numbers and letters ) . do not broadcast the network name ( i.e. . make it a hidden network ) . apply mac filtering . also , do not forget to change passwords of all your accounts . changing isp has nothing to do with your problem . this sounds more like a trolling neighbor . consider contacting the police too . .
change your wifi password . even better , hide the access point and use mac address filtering . factory reset your nexus 7 . if it was rooted , restore from the factory image available at google 's website . delete all the profiles in your desktop browsers and use new ones . this is to prevent the history from syncing with the stalker .
the . nomedia file is for the reason you stated . you can safely remove the file and other apps will be able to pick up the medias in that folder . in any case , if there is any problem you can easily create that file again . it can be a empty file with the name . nomedia . you can use programs like es file explorer to explore to that directory and create the file . edit : as per the comments below which contains very useful information : your music apps may recreate the . nomedia file when you launch it . other players will only be able to play the music if only the musics are drm free .
your problem touches a feature of android that sets it apart from other mobile oses and is a very powerful one ( see below ) : that is all about intents , activities and the back stack that contains your path of visited activities in order for each app . basically an activity is a single gui fullscreen window you see , for example the main activity when you launch an app . if you navigate away from that , lets say to the settings view , the now inactive main view is put on the back stack and so forth . however : this whole behaviour has many switches that are solely customizable by the app developers . see this link for the basic information on those things : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/tasks-and-back-stack.html regarding your specific problem : it might be a difference if the browser was ( 1 ) already open , ( 2 ) had an active twitter tab running ( that got reactivated ) and so forth . try some of these combinations ( use ' force stop ' in the app settings to end browser instances and have an/no open twitter tab in the browser active beforehand ) , and you will find : if you have opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will " re-use " one of them . if you hit back in that browser window it will first go all the way back up the history , one history item at a time . once the history is empty , hitting the back button once more will send you back to the twitter app . if you had not opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will create a new browser window . if you hit back in that browser window the history for that window will already be empty , and you will directly go back to the twitter app . some more information : the unique system are android 's intents . new views are launched by an intent that , for example says ' open this file in a file view ' or ' select a picture in a gallery viewer ' or ' authenticate a my app with facebook ' and so forth . without saying which other app should handle it . you see this when you get a choice menu asking you to select a specific browser ( native/chrome/dolphin/opera ) or one of many file explorers you might have installed . this one of the very powerful android features . apple 's ios is very different to that , apps can not interact with others so closely and facebook integration had to be done in ios6 the hard way for that reason ( directly integrated into ios ) .
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
rooting your phone ( standard rooting procedure ; not from flashing a custom rom ) will not make you lose samsung features . if you flash cyanogenmod ( which is a custom rom that also has root pre-installed ) , you will no longer be able to use samsung 's features . samsung is touchwhiz-based ( tw ) , and cyanogenmod is aosp-based . apps developed only for tw-based roms are not compatible with aosp-based roms .
this app could do the trick : bluetooth music player free you need to install it on both android devices and pair them . then put the tablet in ListenMUSIC over Blueetooth mode and the the phone in shareMUSIC over Bluetooth mode .
if you have a routed phone/android , log into the system as root and use the program manager " pm " to systematically remove each app/gapp you do not want . if that breaks a feature you need , use pm to put it back and move on to other " bloatware " you want to remove . to use the shell install the android sdk package . i would suggest that you backup a package before removing it : is it possible to backup apk from an installed application ? so , having your clean custom built rom , you should be able to use the same feature to individual install which particular gapp you want from your backup . installing an app is simple from the cli : $ adb install -s example.apk  by the way , this is a good reference for the android debug bridge ( adb ) commands . look at the install section :
you might wish to check with are there any solutions other than flashing gapps , to have google accounts on cyanogenmod ? – where i named an alternative : on xda , you can find the nogapps project , which basically is an opensource replacement of most google apps ( including playstore ) , often mapping to free alternatives ( e . g . openstreetmap for maps ) . the " elements " come as separate packages to install , so you can pick the ones you want – and simply skip the others . status is different for each of the services : some are actively developed , some are " not yet usable " , some seem even to be " abandoned " ( like the playstore replacement blankstore , which is discontinued since 2012 – but luckily seems to have a successor named blank store ) . i have not ( yet ) used it , so i cannot tell which parts are essential or how well those replacements work . but head over and check out for yourself . marvin seems to still actively be on it ( last update of the " lead post " was just a few days ago ) . as for " zero bloatware " and " android without google " , you might also wish to check my answer here ; )
you will need to uninstall the app from your device and after that the play store should allow you to purchase it .
you can use back up and restore to manually and multi select all the sms 's you want to delete .
have you tried backupsms . it claims to remove duplicates . i have not tried it personally . make sure you take backup before trying it .
on the nexus 7 there is not a separate menu option for " reboot into safe mode " . you have to long press on " power off " and then the safe mode dialog appears . i would try that , since i imagine it would work the same way if the gnex supports it .
i do not think there is a way to find out directly . the only thing i can think of is check the log files and hope there is a mention of https , however this is not likely to be very succesful . reverse engineer the app and look at the source code but to understand what your looking for you will want to have some android programming experience .
if you control the network , you can use shark for root to check whether the apps open port 80 ( default port for http ) or port 443 ( default port for https ) . iirc , wireshark can also read http headers . if you do not want to root your phone , and you are on a wifi network that you owned ; you can use wireshark/firesheep to snoop on the traffic of the android device from your laptop .
as there is no response anymore from the op , a short summary from the comments for possible solutions : this issue can have multiple reasons : broken/damaged sd card trouble with the file system on the card ( damaged or simply not existing ) , or with the partition table broken/damaged sd card slot incompatible sd card specs ( speed , class , brand , . . . ) these are the things you should try best in the order of their listing : put the card into a card reader , and attach it to your computer . see if it is recognized and readable . if it is readable and working fine on the computer , this elmininates reasons 1-2 from above , leaving you with reason 3-4 . continue with 2 . if the computer claims errors , these are most likely the same keeping the card from working on your android device . check what the errors are , and take appropriate actions . skip to 3 . check a different card with your android device ( either you have another one around , or a friend might borrow you one to check with ) . if that card works fine , it eliminates reason #3 . as you already eliminated #1 and #2 above , this leaves you with #4 -- buy a new card ( by now you know at least one working brand/class/size combination -- from the card succeeding here ) , no more checks needed . if no other card seems to work , that almost eliminates reason #4 ( though you will not be able to check all combinations of brand/class/size , it is unlikely to have tried 5 different combinations and none is working ) , which leaves you with reason #3 -- a case for the service station . either get your device repaired , buy a new device , or live without a sd card available . if you got here , you obviously have some trouble with the card itself which might be solveable . so here are several things you could try to get it working ( again ) . consider all data lost which have been on the card ( data recovery is a different issue , but if needed , it should take place before you apply any of the below steps ! ) . stop whenever one of the following steps brought you success : try formatting the card from within your device try the same from the computer it might be needed to fix the partitions . with a custum recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) on your device , this can be done from there -- otherwise you might need to do it from your computer . that done , format it again check different file systems . fat16/32 should always work , when in doubt that should be a nearly complete how-to-fix-it . if i forgot something , feel free to mention it : ) tl ; dr -- short variant :
turning it off first . then there is no possible stuff draining energy while it is charging . be sure to charge via ac . charging via usb is much slower . there is a small chance that the charger you have does not draw power as fast as your phone can take it . a charging brick with a slightly higher ma rating might get you some quicker charges , but i think it is unlikely ( especially if you are using the charger that came with the phone ) .
i saw this a few weeks ago which , if genuine , looks pretty good . i am still sceptical however but would be nice to see if it is successful .
use du battery app . by that my phone charges abit quick . i have noticed it alot of times link to the app ( android ) - http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dianxinos.dxbshl=en
android has a very limited implementation of linux shell functions . busybox utility expands on the selection somewhat , although it is still not a full linux set . it can be installed on most rooted android devices . specifically for ls , only the following options are available via busybox : the characters allowed in file names on android are no different from those allowed in other linux-based systems . as always , it depends on the filesystem .
you can use wild card characters for these cases . use * for multiple characters and ? for single characters . ls lib* will find files that begin with lib .
google play was formerly android market . your phone would originally have had android market ( i am assuming its an old one , probably gingerbread ) . when you did a factory reset all the updates were reverted back included on android market ( aka google play ) . android market automatically updates itself so give it some time and it should update itself to google play .
unrevoked 3 will root the htc desire without replacing the rom , however it does reflash the recovery rom : http://unrevoked.com/#desire
if you have a phone with low memory ( like the g1 ) and spend your day switching between a couple little applications , then lowering this number will speed up your system and allow more programs to stay loaded up , making switching faster . if you have heavy weight applications ( such as the fb app ! ) that can not get their jobs done inside the limit you set , they will crash and die for no apparent reason until you increase the number enough that they can survive . i usually find this preferable . switching apps on my phone is slower , but the big jobs do not randomly crash .
here 's a great article someone wrote on the effect of changing it , very detailed : http://ryanolson.wordpress.com/2010/07/13/test-how-changing-the-max-amount-of-memory-per-vm-heap-can-effect-your-rom-cyanogen/ in short , with the g1 , it can cause bigger applications to crash . i would just recommend you keep it default or find a value that you do not see any crashes in applications with . as far as anything else goes , in the short period of time searching else where and reading over different posts . could not personally find any other effects , other than possibly battery life .
in addition to the above answers , note that different devices have different defaults . for example , on the motorola xoom the default is 256mb . as a developer , it may be worth testing apps with lower than default settings to make sure they will work on as wide a range of devices as possible . . .
if you have rooted your device and use a ' villain ' rom , you can find an option to change this setting in villain settings > input settings > long-press home settings . realise you might not have this rom but it is worth a mention !
the closest things i have seen so far are more recent and visual task switcher it does not appear that either of these uses long-press-home , but an alternate key-sequence . i have seem more mentions for more recent . the good and evo review of visual task switcher sounded like it is lacking somewhat . ( i have not personally used either )
advanced task killer can be configured so that it always stays on the notification bar . and it can also be configured such that the " default click action " will " switch to " the application . i found it works good enough as a task switcher .
since it is a day , return it back and get another one is the best solution , afaik . update it is a battery issue and afaik , nobody in this forum is going to put fixes on battery issues . and if i were in your shoes , then i would definitely return that phone and bring back a new one from the seller .
assuming that your phone is captivate ( from the filename i897 ) , here 's a list of stock firmware files found on sammobile . they can be used with kies too . alternatively , try check fus , which can get the right stock firmware for your phone . i assume you know how to flash the files , if not , let me know and i will dig up some good links for you . hope this helped ! do not forget to accept the answer if it did .
an answer to this question is very implementation specific , and can in fact only be answered for sure by a swiftkey developer , eventually . in general , word suggestions are based on algorithms that are fed by n-gram dictionaries that predict possibilities for the next word you are likely to type . see wikipedia 's n-gram entry to get more insight . 2-gram or 3-gram dictionaries are likely to be used with swiftkey , amongst other techniques . regarding the strange sentence you auto-typed in : this reflects common use of probable 2/3-grams , so blame your fellow users on the poor spelling , it is just what they actually use .
sounds like the permission for the mount point of the external sd card got messed up . this is how it looks like on a sgs with cm 9.1: shell@android:/ $ ls -l /mnt/ d---rwxr-x system sdcard_rw 1970-01-01 01:00 emmc 
there are apps that claim to override/customize this functionality so yeah , it can be done . example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danez.headphonecontrollerfortablet the description notes the following exception : tested on jelly bean:work fine except volume up and down that is intercepted by a google app . i work on it the headset button app claims to do the same and may be more what you are looking for .
it could be your provider . in the netherlands , t-mobile has an option ( or at least had , i do not remember seeing it lately ) to scale-down images in their proxy . as all your requests can go trough their " image " proxy at a click of a button ( probably something to do with your apn , most likely server side even ? ) . . . so it might not even have anything to do with android . . it might be , but i do not remember if it was in my case , the web ' n ' walk accelerator there is some google hits on that , though most of them semi-old . on this link some tips on how to fix it with that webnwalk stuff , probably not what you are looking for , but also some hints on how to send an " always reload " message to the proxy . maybe that helps . otherwise you might need to google some on tmobile and proxy/accelerator .
i do not know what of these features it has , but handcent sms is worth a try , everyone seems to like it . i believe they have a trial version .
handcent sms does indeed have this feature - click settings > notification settings > popup settings - check the smart links option . that will make urls / numbers and addresses clickable . handcent shows the username if that user 's contact details are present in your address book ( contacts ) , however it does not show the name instead of a number in a message , only in the message list .
the question is too general and there are not enough details to suggest a solution , it seems more likely to be a hardware problem . get your phone checked from a micromax service centre . ps : if you use a screen guard , it might be partially blocking the proximity sensor .
the solution is called reverse tethering , and it can be done with several apps , like connectify . you can find a quick introduction to it here .
try installing titanium backup and use its " manage android id " function to update your device id and " market doctor " to relink apps to the market
if you can not access developers options , do this first : go to settings -> about phone -> click “build number” six times in a row . now turn on usb debugging and give root permission to adb . now adb is working i followed the following tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1236732 and i think i put my edited file on my pc back on the phone . the problem now is that it keeps stuck at htc screen logo . seems there is no other option left then to restore an older version . . . edit : guess it was better to use the original build . prop file from the cyanogenmod . zip instead of editing it . now i have the same problem of adb not finding my device , however this time without a booting system . edit 2: through twrp i restored an old backup , but i selected only to restore system and boot , so i still got most of my data : ) lesson to be learned : before you do some changes to a system , no matter how trivial , backup everything first .
go into settings -> accessibility -> uncheck the checbox power button ends call . now during call , when you press the power button , the screen locks ; pin/pattern/password screen appears . i have tested on my device but not on nexus 5 . have to do in emulator .
according to this thread google talk will attempt to connect over port 80 if it is other ports are blocked . google talk will work over port 80 . if you are using the official client , it will even switch to trying 80 if the normal port ( 5222 ) is blocked . that said , if your employer is blocking talk . google . com instead of port 5222 , you will probably find yourself up a creek . : ) sounds like your best bet is to stop using their wi-fi and use 3g for connection to google talk .
google talk on the android phone only tries port 5222 and if it fails it will not try port 80 ( as the specification requires ) . but there is another answer : imo ( available on google play ) works over port 80 , so it will work behind a corporate firewall . and it is a really good app .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
a lot of corporate networks block the 5xxx ports . i am not entirely sure what google talk uses as i have read 5222 and 5228 . the google talk client for windows falls back to port 443 if the connection using port 5xxx is unsuccessful . however the android client does not do this . it only tries on port 5xxx . unfortunately at the moment the only solution is to contact your corporate it and ask them to allow access using the 5xxx port .
the app 's description on the playstore does not speak of " unzipping files to your sdcard " . it rather seems to simply " handle " them , only temporarily extracting files to process them . which would explain why you cannot find the files anywhere outside the zip-file itself ( or outside that app ) . if you want to extract files to handle them separately , you might rather wish to take a look at e.g. androzip dateimanager instead , which is explicitly stating to extract files : androzip file manager helps you copy , delete , move , unzip/unpack , compress , encrypted zip supported , search , and organize your files , music , pictures , and folders just like you would do on your pc .
settings-> sounds -> phone ringtone -> none settings-> sounds-> default notification sound -> any ringtone check vibrate on ring or you can go to the messaging app and set the ringtone from the menu
yes , you can , by either going to your sound settings setting each tone individually ( i.e. . , ringtone , notification tone , and media tone ) or on your home screen just press your volume rocker and from there also you can set the volume differently for all the three .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
if you are a gamer at all , you might be interested in using something like razor comms ! http://www.razerzone.com/comms it is a free voip program created by razor that will give you an ingame overlay of your communications , including your phone . it also can do this out of game . it has a call forwarding and sms forwarding feature that will allow you to answer calls and respond to text messages while on the computer . even if you are not into games , the voip still works very well .
remote phone call is much more polished for sms to pc . http://www.justremotephone.com/
i former times i have used myphoneexplorer application . it was initially released for sonyericsson but later added android support . you can stablish a bluetooth connection between this app and your phone . website : http://www.fjsoft.at/
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
just announced 24 july 2013 is google play games . the play games platform was first announced at google i/o back in may , but until now , there wasn’t a dedicated app ; you could see your achievements and online leaderboards inside your apps , but there was nothing that brought that all together . the play games app changes that . it shows you all of your play games compatible titles , as well as those your friends are playing . and if you don’t yet have any play games friends , the built-in suggestion feature will help you find some . asphalt 8 airborne , riptide gp2 , and prince of persia : the shadow and the flame are just a few of the titles that support google play games , and you’ll find hundreds more in google play . that is not to say that individual developers or partnerships might not aggregate their own games in their own " game center " . for instance mobage , openfeint ( recently killed ) , and the new rovio accounts .
disclaimer this needs root . no way around that one . your device must be running android 4.1+ this workaround may be too advanced for some users . only try to apply it when you know what you are doing . i am not to be held responsible if something goes awry or ragnarök starts during the process . you are doing this on your own risk . proceed with caution . i am not the author of or otherwise affiliated with any of the mods mentioned . i merely found this and i am sharing it for your benefit . workaround i found a workaround for the problem that is working beautifully on a samsung galaxy s2 with cyanogenmod 10.2 and dorimanx kernel 9.41 installed . the necessary steps are as follows : make sure your device is rooted . download and install xposed framework installer . when xposed asks for root anywhere in the near future , grant it . open the app and click on Framework -tab . click Install/Update . reboot . download and install jelly bean 4 . x airplane mode helper . open Xposed Framework Installer-app again and select Modules . tick ( set active ) Jelly Bean 4.x Airplane Mode Helper . reboot . open Jelly Bean 4.x Airplane Mode Helper . tick ( set active ) enabled . reboot . that is it ! airplane mode should work again as in previous android versions and does not ask for sim-pin any longer when being turned off . it still does at startup , though , thus keeping your sim-card somewhat safe . i set up an automated battery saving procedure with llama location profiles similar to the one described here ( thx a bunch , izzy ) and it is working flawlessly . good luck , folks !
i am not sure that you need to do what you are trying to do . you might , instead : set up two Tasker tasks to switch on/off everything that enabling/disabling Airplane mode does . do not ever use actually your Airplane mode . use your Tasker tasks . you may have to see if any apps are enabled to automatically turn on a hardware radio . watch to see if an app tries to background sync or whatever , they might try to toggle disabled radios on . if so , disable that app 's ability to automatically turn on your e.g. wifi . i say this because Airplane mode certainly stopped the unexpected wifi connections before but not anymore , if you try this answer . you could also set up Tasker to always go into Airplane mode at shutdown . that way you would see the pin lock at boot time .
the answer lies in the source . . . it seems to be that the property to request pin-lock is built into build.prop or default.prop . have a look at the reference found in the telephonymanager source , between lines 735 and 755 . for brevity , the key is TelephonyProperties.PROPERTY_SIM_STATE which is referred elsewhere , between lines 94 and 98 . after searching through the source code here on my machine , i will give you the idea of how often this method getSimState is called , notice the names of the java source to clue in on how its integrated within android , not just in the telephony layer but elsewhere . do those file names give a clue , yup , in the lock screen . . . theory this requires root at this point , by invoking the adb shell and calling getprop and setprop to do this , the only part is this , by invoking adb shell getprop will get back the pertinent information as shown below sh-4.1# getprop [gsm.sim.state]: [READY]  this subtle property seems to be dynamically persisted into a backing property store , from the moment of powering up and is adjusted accordingly , based on number of things , service , and not to mention accidentally dropping the handset which may knock the sim-card out of its reader which would change the state of the card to " not-ready " or " unknown " . ( ref : system/core/include/cutils/properties . h and system/core/toolbox/ [ getprop | setprop ] . c ) now at this point , theoretically , by invoking setprop prior to locking the screen , it could be circumvented temporarily , but then again , that could get resetted by the telephony layer ! have not tried that ! which is leading to this . . . conclusion the only way this can be switched off , is to effectively disable the pin-lock request on the actual sim-card . that is where the " magic " bit-flag is stored on that , in which the telephony 's ril layer reads it in via the proprietary htc/samsung/qualcomm 's library , and that would prevent propragation of the persisting of the property " pin_required " up through the layers of android . a possible work-around , for android developers only : ) this would require hacking and recompiling the source . for the airplane mode , when entering that mode and leaving airplane mode , the property could be split up , into two , gsm . sim . state can be left as is , but devise another property , something like this , gsm . sim . state . airplane . mode and assign a value along the lines of SIM_STATE_PIN_NOT_REQUIRED , and modify the airplane mode check , to read that property and if set to that , do not show the pin dialog box , otherwise as usually does , prompt it .
there probably is not much you can do to fix htc 's widget . on the other hand you can purchase launcherpro plus which has its own people widget which works perfectly fine for me . launcherpro qr code : otherwise you can look around on the market and i am sure you will find another people widget somewhere .
i believe i observed a similar issue . . . i simply waited a few seconds and then pushed the screen side-to-side without leaving the screen . i saw the widget sort of refresh with the contacts back in order .
you could try call confirm , which gives a popup to confirm if you want to call said person . i have not tried it myself , but i have heard it is recommended for accidental touch screen issues . qr code for call confirm :
a condensed changelog containing only " notable new features " can be accessed from within cyanogenmod via the settings menu -> about phone -> view changelog .
did you check with the official changelog site ? or the xda thread on 9.1 ? the latter mentions http://cm-kang.appspot.com/anzu/ics for the changelog . and then there is this page where you even can filter changes by devices ( probably the best source to check ) . if you need more details : all that from page 1 of a simple google search for cyanogenmod changelog "9.1" ( &lt ; - hint ! ; ) ) to the first ( and explicit ) question : if there were any new features ? that probably very much depends on your device . so using the last changelog source i mentioned , filtering by the device you want to know this about , you will be able to answer your question . as i do not know your device , i can not ; )
edit : op has rephrased his question a good start is also the cyanogenmod blog for cm9.1 it is : a new nfc payment system , simplytapp has been added : let’s try something new : cm9.1 and simplytapp : welcome to tapp !  a near field communication ( nfc ) payment platform for the cyanogenmod community and powered by simplytapp . founded by two cm enthusiasts , doug and ted , simplytapp provides a method for evolving , securing and expanding  nfc payments . see cyanogenmod 's blog post for more info .
try this link - google play apk . try upgrading it later if an update is available . edit : open any browser and go to playstore and try to install any application so that website may prompt to install play store before continuing . ( or ) 1 - there is a chance that you have unknowingly disabled play store permanently in app manager . to re-enable it again just follow menu> settings> apps/app manager> disabled apps and enable it . 2 - you can also use apps like cleanmaster to perform above job .
finally solved it . . i have found this ansewer by yy502 on cyanogenmod
since the sd cards are slower than internal nand memory , by running a rom off the sd you will be sacrificing on the speed . things like booting up and launching apps will be noticeably slower . the class rating of your sd card will play a large role in how much slower your nc will feel when running in such configuration . it is generally recommended to buy at least a class 6 card for this purpose . by running custom roms from the sd card you will be able to easily keep the original manufacturer installed firmware intact . in nook color the sd card is set as a primary boot device , so if it contains a bootable rom image , it will be used instead of whatever is installed on emmc . by just inserting such a card into the microsd slot and turning the nc on , you will be running a custom rom . boot up without this card - and you are back on the emmc rom , be it stock or a different custom one . this can be quite beneficial for quickly testing out new experimental roms ( e . g . honeycomb builds ) without blowing away your main one . although it is possible to multi-boot off emmc without utilizing the sd card at all , it is a lot more complicated to set up and maintain . this involves re-partitioning the internal memory , using a custom boot image , and modifying the start-up scripts for each rom you had like to have installed side-by-side . needless to say , this type of installation is not for a novice .
as far as i know , doing a factory restore on the device should eliminate anything left over the device . usually the process goes : revert back to your earliest nandroid backup ( that you should have taken right after you rooted ) . if you do not have it , then flash a stock rom . run the unroot reversal process ( in this case you ran an official update ) remove any left over root applications ( superuser app , etc . ) . if necessary , wipe the device by restoring to factory settings . if i am missing anything , leave a comment and i will update this .
their could be a number of possible problems such as the format of the video ; either the phones hardware or cyanogenmod 10 may not support the format in which the video is in . i believe the video format is most likely the case because as you describe : the exact same video on my ipad will load usually instantly on the exact same connection . and i usually play videos through the default app , ' gallery ' i think it is , but i have tried other players too ( ie mx player and hubi ) and get the same problem . so check the video format of the videos in which you view . in this link , they describe the possible video formats that the galaxy s3 can play . if the video is not in the correct format , i suggest trying to convert the video files localy on your pc . also another solution may be to re-image the phone to possibly earlier version of cyanogenmod could possibly work . hope this helps .
groups are not available in the facebook app . you will have to go to the website via m . facebook . com or touch . facebook . com
facebook have just released version 1.4 of their official facebook app for android , this has support for both the new places and groups features ( this is the new groups feature where you can group your friends , not the old groups feature which is a bit like the current pages feature ) . if you have already got the official facebook app installed , then you should be able to update though the market app . otherwise just download it from there !
all those notifications usually turn up in the notification bar , located at the top of the screen . on all devices . have you checked there ? example of the android notification bar as you can see in this example , that is where notifications are displayed . here you see , this user has new sms and mail in their gmail app pending ( to the left ) . other notifications are indicators of available services ( to the right ) , here telling that wifi is active and the device connected , silent mode ( no sound ) is active , cell phone signal is available , battery is about 3/4 full , plus the current time . your " missed call " notification should also appear in the left-hand area , the symbol looking like this : missed call icon often , there're also numbers associated with them . some launchers/lockscreens even allow for more custumization . i would wonder if none of these are available with your device . above examples are standard , and should be always available . numbers on the icons ( indicating how many missed calls , or how many sms are pending ) are something different : some manufacturers ship them by default , others do not . but using custom launchers / custom lockscreens , many things are possible . trouble with your htc first might be the launcher : if i am right , it comes with " facebook home " , which wants to facebook-ify everything , and thus might hide some things usually visible . i do not use facebook at all , so i am not that familiar with this area . but if that is the culprit , according to a review at androidcentral , facebook home can be turned off . on the other hand , a bunch of screenshots in the very same review clearly show those notifications being there , though a bit colorless : htc first screenshots ( source : androidcentral ) see the top of those screenshots -- and you will easily identify the gmail notification described before , here in the second and third screen : )
your assumption that the process which writes the restored files to the storage device runs with " quite high permissions " is wrong . backup service calls backup agents ( implemented by applications themselves ) to backup and restore data . so each app backs up and restores its own backup data .
on my galaxy s4 downloaded music goes to /storage/sdcard0/music and streamed music goes to /storage/sdcard0/amazonmp3/temp/ . streamcache
i ultimately found the m4a files in /mnt/extsdcard/android/data/com . amazon . mp3/files/music the trick , however , is that they are hidden files . they do not appear when viewing the folder with either the native file manager or rootexplorer ( even when " show hidden files " is checked ) . they are found only by using rootexplorer to search the device for " m4a " files . at least now i know they are on the sd card anyway .
try booting into recovery and backup there if you have an option . if not , then wipe it there or with the key combination : volume up+home+power source : www.phonetipsandtricks.com/tips/sony-xperia-u/hard-reset-factory-reset-14/
while in your web browser , press and hold the return button on the lower right side of your phone . then at the top of the page select saved pages
tap ［internet］ icon , tap ［☆］on top right corner , tap ［saved pages］ on top right corner . done .
going on a plane or in a no coverage area doesn’t mean you can’t access your favourite videos and documents . in order to have access to offline content , go to the website of your choice using the browser , hit the “option” button , tap " save for offline reading " . once you have turned off your wireless and 3g connection , go back to the browser and hit the star icon next to the address line . tap “saved pages” and it will pop up with a list which will allow you to access the sites without internet access .
tap the flag with the star at the top right of the browser and click on the saved pages tab .
where to find it when it was downloaded if you have been able to " download " the file , the most likely location to find it is either /sdcard/download or /sdcard/downloads . it was not downloaded , but " saved for offline reading " but as it turns out , the stock browser did not give you that option , and you had to " save for offline reading " -- which is something different . in this case the file probably is stored on internal storage ( below /data/data/com.android.browser ) . without root you have got not many chances to access it there . so you could either try with a different browser -- or simply copy-paste the text file into some note-taking app / editor ( e . g . jota text editor or amblelink notepad basic ed . ) . alternative download options if you have to do this more often , or formatting gets lost on copy-paste , you are probably much better of with some " downloader tools " . i just know about tasker , which offers HTTP_GET actions . depending on your rom , the shell might provide wget ( stock rom on my milestone 2 had this ) , so all you need in that case is a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) , and there simply execute # change to the directory where you want to store the downloaded file in cd /sdcard/download # get the file wget http://www.example.com/textfile.txt  adjust that to your needs , of course : ) special downloader apps other alternatives would include special " downloader apps " , like e.g. download all files or easy downloader , which you might want to give a try .
android itself has no such features built-in ( at least none i know that are accessible to the customer ) . but there are monitoring apps available targeted at " child protection " , which can do most of the things you asked for . one example would be parental control board : parental control : position tracking ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) from the app 's description : parents can track all movements of their children in real time from web or from their own devices . at any point of time it is possible to get precise kid’s location . parents can controls all calls made and received by their children , as well as all sms messages , and set up black lists or white lists of phone numbers for incoming and outgoing calls and messages . additional to your requested items , the app can also be used to lock apps not-to-be-used , and more . not having used it , i cannot tell whether data can be exported to csv , though .
the workaround i use is one of the labs features : canned responses . on my android device i then use an app called " responses " that takes your canned responses from the associated gmail account and copies it to your clipboard . you then just paste it into your email . you can even have images , etc . , in the canned responses .
the feature you are looking for is not available with the gmail app ( yet ) . ( source ) . you can not even add any type of rich-text signature to your mobile app . devs say that this feature is still being worked on . the only option available to you is to add a simple text signature through the app .
the best solution is to just replace the exchange server . saves you a lot of headdaches . you can try zarafa , zimbra , openchange , communigate etc . or just google apps , which very nicely talks caldav and carddav and imap , instead of the propriatery mapi crap .
i am using galaxy s2 with android 4.0.4 . i am getting alert for sub-folders . you go to email client and select sub-folders from the menu . after reaching the sub-folder , select menu button and you will find sync option . you can select as automatic push . it gives alert immediately .
not sure if you have made any headway on this . i was searching for answers for this today and got it figured out . i have got a galaxy s4 , running 4.2.2 i had to open the native email app . Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Exchange Account with sub folders &gt; More Settings &gt; Folder Sync Settings . from there i think it should be self explanatory . not sure what version of android you are running by now , but thought i would share .
as nuronv states , in android 4.0 ice cream sandwich , the sub folders are synchronized . however , i have found in my case that only a partial list of sub-folders are synchronized . i have server-side rules set up to sort all of my mail into very specific folders and the client is configured to save replies in the same folder with the email . this allows me to maintain collections of emails and conversations with a specific client , vendor , or project . i literally have hundreds of folders and sub-folders . in my first experience synchronizing , it only caught 3 sub-folders on the 2nd level ( i have about 8 ) , and in each of those folders , it found 3 in one folder that i have over 40 , and 8 in another folder where i have about 15 . it does not seem aparent why this is happening . i will take nuronv 's second suggestion and go check out moxier or touchdown .
unfortunately the native android exchange client does not support automatic sync of sub-folders , as you have seen you can go in to the folder and sync it manually but that is not much use . this has not been improved much in android 4.0 ice cream sandwich . the sub folders now sync but it does not notify you of new messages in them which is not really any better . i would recommend using a 3rd party client like moxier or touchdown . both have trials so that you can test them first .
izzy 's comments lead me to correct path , so i have managed to root the device . if somebody else having the same problem ( auto-root programs do not work but you can access device using adb root ) , here is complete how-to to root your phone manually : install Superuser from clockworkmod on google play directly to your phone prepare adb as root and make /system writeable : adb kill-server , adb root , adb remount ( you might need to kill adb.exe in task manager if it hangs ) pull the just downloaded apk to your computer : adb pull /data/app/com.koushikdutta.superuser-1.apk ( note : it may have different name in the future ) on your pc : open the apk using zip ( for example rename extension to .zip or use winrar ) copy from zip system\bin\su to your working directory push it to your phone : adb push su /system/xbin/su be sure that owner is root : adb shell chown root:root /system/xbin/su set suid and sgid bits on the binary : adb shell chmod 06755 /system/xbin/su reboot phone : adb reboot try su from adb : adb shell , su ; prompt should change from $ to # try su from phone : install terminal and use command su or use Root Checker Basic from the store if su from adb works but does not work from phone , repeat whole process from 1 but download different Superuser application from market ( for example chainsdd 's version did not work for me )
the blank space disappears when you restart the phone .
i am assuming that you are talking about home screen . if yes , press and hold on clock widget and drag it up . i will answer more precisely if you post a screenshot .
the google search bar is built into the launcher . you can disable the bar , but you can not remove the empty space . the best bet would be to use another launcher ( like you mentioned ) or to install a custom rom . i have a moto g as well , and although i love the stock android look , i am now using nova launcher due to it is customizability and the ability to remove the search bar .
can you do it ? yes you can , how hard or time consuming is it going to be ? a lot of time for sure . sure you can go ahead ! many people run custom roms or build their own roms from aosp on their android devices . you can either search for compatiable custom roms for your device else go pull a branch of aosp and build on it !
answer is in their faq : the free version is advertisement supported while the premium version is not . both the free and premium versions have the same set of features at this point except the premium version will get faster updates .
i have got a nexus s running a 4.2.2 rom . i just noticed i am not getting delta updates about a week ago . though i have been on 4.2.2 . for much longer , so it could be another problem not related to the android version , especially since the play store can update independently from android .
go to settings&rarr ; network , tap wifi , and watch out for your wifi ap here . tap it , select to edit it . toggle the " advanced settings " to be shown . by default , wifi is configured via dhcp -- but for some reason unknown to me ( and escaping my understanding ) , android does not pick the name servers via dhcp , and instead sticks to google 's hardcoded ones ( e . g . 8.8.8.8 ) . so in this place , you need to switch to a static ip , set the default gateway correspondingly , and put your own name server 's address ( most likely again your router 's ip ) into the field for dns1 . save the changes , and you should be able to use your local hostnames . you could even try switching back to dhcp , and see whether it keeps your dns1 settings . to calm down upcoming worries : this only affects the wifi ap you edited , no system-wide changes for all wifi aps . in the worst case , you always can delete the ap and re-create it .
flashing the stock image may have erased your backup . however , since the g2 supports an external sd card , i do not think it would have . from the sd card 's root , it should be at ./TWRP/BACKUPS/ . restoring a backup from here using twrp will re-root your device ( if your device was rooted when you made the backup ) . you can also use apps like titanium backup to selectively restore parts of it . . . but titanium backup requires root . you may , however , be able to selectively pull files from the backups - a full backup of your phone 's filesystems .
on a rom supporting this , setting the cpu governor to " performance " will help a lot . this is not a practical solution though as this means that the cpu will always run at its maximum frequency which wastes a lot of energy .
widget locker has an option to reduce that time lag . might work for you . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.widgetlockerfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs50zxnsywnvawxzdy53awrnzxrsb2nrzxiixq . .
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
lookout mobile has blogged about this due to the diginotar events , and provided some pretty good ( read : lengthy ) instructions which you can find here . the gist of it is that you need to pull /system/etc/security/cacerts.bks and then remove the cas from the store , then push the store back to the device and reboot . their instructions require that you have bouncy castle ( for decrypting the store ) , root access , and a working adb connection . i am not sure if this applies to all versions of android or not , but my guess would be that the location of the ca store has not changed in quite some time ( if ever ) .
i suggest you to see this link . possibly it will solve http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=787641
gcalbirthdays is what you are looking for . it comes as a google calendar sidebar gadget and reads your contacts birthdays in one of your google calendars which you can then sync to your android phone .
is this still a problem ? i see birthdays from contacts in calendar . i add birthdays to my contacts in gmail , and i subscribed to the " contacts ' birthdays and events " in google calendar : under " other calendars " add > browse select " interesting calendars " select " contacts ' birthdays and events " this gives me a calendar in google calendar with my contact 's birthdays . when i got my android ( a motorola xt720 running eclair ) , the birthday calendar showed in the calendar app . you will probably have to open the calendar app > menu > my calendars . and then menu > add calendars . you should see contacts ' birthdays and events .
there is a guide posted on t-mobile for people with samsung phones that already include this feature to sync sms messages between phones using the microsoft exchange server , live or hotmail account . i will outline the steps here for archiving purposes . link to guide : http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-7313 android 4.1 and higher open email . press menu . touch settings . touch the exchange email address . touch more ( this many not be available in all devices ) . select ( turn on ) or clear ( turn off ) the check box for sms sync . android 1.5 - 4.0 from the device settings menu , touch accounts and sync . touch your exchange email account . select ( turn on ) or clear ( turn off ) the check box for sync sms or sync text . note : for this feature to work , your exchange server must support it .
i noticed an application on the android store called " mysms " that seems to sync between phone , tablet , and pc/mac . maybe this is the solution to your problem . downloadable from : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.smshl=en the same company also has a premium service for 2 phone syncing - which has the same features as above but specifically for sycning 2 phones together . since the other app does not require a premium ( paid ) service , its worth trying to see if that does the job for free . if not , then it might be worth trying out their second app . this is the premium version for 2 phones : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.mirrorhl=en hope this helps .
i do not have this problem running on a sgsii on ics . have you tried pausing the game before leaving it ? also make sure you click the home button only once with a fast click . good luck .
the general android behavior is to pause the application when you switch to some other app . it should not cause data loss . in case the app is closed/killed by the os while in background , it gives the app the option to save data in it is apis . if an app is using this proper/recommended way , then it can resume altogether without any data loss , i.e. you can start the game where you left it . but some games may have so much data that it can not be saved easily , that is why you are having issues with multi-tasking . i have not tried shadowgun , so i can not comment on that , but in a game like plants vs . zombies it is properly implemented , and your game is properly paused and resumed . when you press home on the device , it goes to a paused state automatically . so in the end , it all comes down to app 's own mechanics , not on htc or android .
do you mean where is the wpa_supplicant . conf file ? if so , you will need root access as it is in : /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
the android emulator does not currently support this , unfortunately . there is a configuration file in the build system that determines whether or not to enable the user accounts feature , and it is disabled in the emulator images distributed by google . you can star this issue on the bug tracker in the meantime . however there are two alternatives you can look at : you can alter the configuration file and build a new emulator image from the aosp source and use that in place of the system image that the avd uses by default . the file in question is in /frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml within the android source . there should be an option named config_multiuserMaximumUsers which needs to be set to a value greater than 1 . you can try the jar of beans emulator package . it has experimental support for multiple user accounts . note , however , that this is an x86 emulator , not an arm one .
1 . using command line : here 's how you can copy files to an sd card image . you have to use adb push to copy files from desktop to emulator and adb pull for the reverse . here 's the syntax to copy files to or from an emulator/device instance : copy from desktop to emulator : adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  copy from emulator to desktop : adb pull &lt;remote&gt; &lt;local&gt;  here &lt;local&gt; is path of file / folder on your desktop and &lt;remote&gt; is path of file / folder on your emulator . here is an example : adb push foo.txt /sdcard/foo.txt  foo . txt will be pushed ( copied ) to the emulator . 2 . using ddms ui : here 's how to work with emulator 's file system using ddms . in the devices tab , select the emulator that you want to view the file system for . to copy a file from the device , locate the file in the file explorer and click the pull file button . to copy a file to the device , click the push file button on the file explorer tab . i personally prefer the adb pull and adb push commands as you can copy multiple files ( in a single directory ) with just one line command , using ddms you can copy only one file at a time ( no directory ) .
to transfer data from desktop to an emulator 's sdcard on linux do this : create the sd card : let 's create a 64mb sd card for our android emulator . from a terminal do this : # cd ~/android-sdk-linux/tools # ./mksdcard 64M ~/Desktop/sdcard.iso  now you can use the ' eclipse android sdk and avd manager ' to create a new android virtual device that can use the path to the sd card you created . write data to the sd card : from a terminal : # cd ~/android-sdk-linux/tools # ./ddms  this will start the dalvik debug monitor server . then : launch your avd with sd card from eclipse that you created earlier from ddms , go to ' device -> file explorer ' select the ' sdcard ' folder click the ' push file onto device ' button find your file and click open that is it ! now from inside your code you can get to the sd card 's path with : Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory()  more you can read here .
if all you want to do is transfer your sms messages to another device or back them up , use an app like sms backup and restore - that allows you to import / export / back up your sms messages for posterity . it also allows a user to selectively pick and choose which conversations you want to backup or restore .
you could try preset camera i found this on google play and it claims : summary ( i have left in the spelling and punctuation mistakes as they appear on the play store ) : you can preset the settings about picture . frames , filters , the name of the folders , the name of files . after you preset the settings , pictures you take will be reflected to the setting . this application is very convenience when you take a picture in continuous , or take a picture of fixed location or object . you have no stress to edit the pictures because your settings reflect to all the pictures you take automatically . as i can not tell if you want to do this programatically ( which is outside the remit of this site ) , here is the answer to it in code : stack overflow android - taking photos and saving them with a custom name to a custom destination via intent
yes . the app that starts the intent ( i.e. . the app with the " take photo " button ) is responsible for choosing a file name and creating the file . it then puts that file 's uri ( its path ) in the intent . the camera app then opens that file , writes the photo to it , and gives a result back to the first app . the upshot of this is that it is up to the calling app ( the one with the " take photo " button ) to give you a way to set the file name , if they want to do that . the file name will take effect whatever camera app you use . the intent protocol does not provide a way for the calling app to ask for more than one photo , so there is no way for an app to offer this feature without launching the camera app several times in succession . if you are interested in the details , the official android developer documentation describes it , with code examples .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
the first thing i usually do when i experience this kind of problem is i uncheck the one having problems syncing ( contacts , calendar , etc . ) and then check it again . this should initiate a new sync and possibly fix the problem . if it does not fix it , try clearing the data for contacts app ( settings> applications> manage applications ) and then sync again . if it is still not fixed try removing the account that experiences this problem and then re-add it . it also can be on google 's end , so sometimes it can fix itself , just wait a few days . and if nothing of that helps , try by another factory reset . good luck !
try removing the account permissions for the device from your google dashboard - https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions .
is the Coursera HTML5 player an app installed onto the device ? if so , have you tried disabling it in the app settings menu ? from ics , system apps could be disabled .
i just download the videos upfront and watch them with mx player .
there are a number of unofficial applications in the market ( google play , amazon ) . i have also developed my own application : coursera on the go . a free version is here ! coursera on the go free
not easily- no . the notification shade is part of the systemui apk which will need to be de-compiled and reverse engineered to do so . i know of no custom rom or mod at this time which will allow for this behaviour ; although posting this request on the relevant sub-forum for your device on xda-dev might turn up a lead .
be sure that google voice is not configured to also send text messages you receive to your mobile as a text message ( sms charges apply ) in addition to showing up in the google voice app ( sms charges do not apply ) . from google voice help : with google voice for android , text messages are sent through your data plan , as opposed to your text messaging plan , so there will not be any text messaging charges for messages that you send to numbers in the us or canada . note : if you have your mobile phone listed as one of your forwarding phones in your google voice account , replies will come to the google voice app , but will also be duplicated in the android messaging app . depending on your carrier , you may be charged for your received text messages . to disable this and only have messages sent to the google voice app , sign in at voice.google.com, then go to settings > voice settings > phones > ( your mobile number ) > edit > receive text messages on this phone > uncheck and save . if it helps , i have drawn a flowchart for a previous answer that helps illustrate the difference .
if you do not want to receive text messages on your actual phone number and only receive them via your google voice number , just call your carrier and tell them to disable text messaging . i used to do that , back when i had a plan that charged for messages . just tell them to disable incoming and outgoing text messages , and you will not have to worry about any future charges . the google voice app sends and receives text messages as standard data , and it does not use the carrier 's texting abilities . so disabling texting through your carrier will not inhibit your ability to use google voice for texting .
use the broadcast function , see : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/android/23130793 open whatsapp press the [ menu button ] tap [ new broadcast ] type your contacts ' names or press the [ + ] button to choose from your contact list tap [ next ] type your message and optionally attach media tap the send button
i do not think this is possible since it is a limitation from the app itself . . the best you can do is to put a status message so everyone can see , but you will not know for sure . or you message them in groups of 25 .
sadly no , there is not a way to revoke permissions from apps at this time . i would recommend leaving a review on the market complaining about this , or trying to find the developer 's contact information .
if you have a rooted phone , you can use an app such as permissions denied to deny individual permissions to apps . keep in mind that doing so may break application functionality that depends on the denied permission , and if the application is not especially well written , cause it to crash .
in short , no , you cannot , write a review on the said app 's entry on the play store , and email the developer in question to get that to be made optional via settings within the app itself . if the developer refuses to budge or dismiss the feedback , best to look for an alternative out there .
put the stock recovery back and use that for the update , instead of trying to do it with cwm . for a nexus device , you can get the official factory images from here . download the nexus 4 factory image for the android version you are currently running ( probably kot49h ) and unzip it . inside , one of the files is a .zip file . extract that , and you will find a recovery.bin file . flash this to your recovery partition in the same way that you flashed cwm , and you will have your stock recovery back . ( you can reinstall cwm when you are done . ) remember to enable ota survival in supersu , by the way , or you will lose root when you install the update .
quick marketplace search for wifi notify resulted in the following : wifinotify
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
there are multiple things involved with your question . i know this topic is hard to put in exact words , especially for someone new to android -- so it gets a little unclear what the real issue is . i will try to cover all i think is related , but will redirect to other questions here for details . first : how ram is used . there is no such thing like " useful free ram " . as soon as there is " free ram " available , it will be put to use : buffering and caching are the most interesting features in this context , as they speed up the system . as soon as an app requires additional ram , and there is no free ram available , the required amount is dropped from caches and buffers , so this is entirely dynamic and should have no negative effects . more details : why is my samsung galaxy s not utilizing all of its ram ? why is my device not utilizing all of its available ram ? does android hide some amount of ram from the user ? are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have - specifically samsung galaxy s ? android rom , ram , internal storage , external storage and battery utilization there are a lot more questions here dealing with this topic . to find them all , just follow the ram tag you already used for your question . second : your device slowing down . this might have many different reasons : some app might be hogging ressources is the most likely reason if the problem is not there right after a reboot ( but starts only a few hours/days later ) . if the problem persists after a reboot , reasons might be different ( or the " hogging app " got auto-started ) . your caches ( on internal storage ) could be messed up , for example . if you installed/uninstalled a lot of apps for testing , it could as well be the dalvik-cache ( pre-compiled code of your apps ) . good starting point to investigate this issue : my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ? see also the " linked " and " related " section of that question , which will provide you additional ressources .
your pictures should be stored on your sd card , so just take it out and get the pictures with a pc .
i do not know if it is the same on your phone , but on my blade i can just mount /sdcard ( or maybe /emmc in your case ) and then " mount usb storage " in the mount and storage menu .
/emmc is basically ok and accessible if you can ' mount ' it . you already have a working cwm installed which comes with adb enabled . this gives you some options . boot to cwm recovery and mount your partition in the ' mounts and storage ' section . it is now accessible internally and you can use the adb tool ( adb stands for ' android debug bridge ' , it is usually used to develop and debug things ) to pull data off the device : a windows tool ( sadly discontinued ) : http://code.google.com/p/adb-file-explorer/ by commandline : adb pull /path/to/folder or adb pull / to pull all currently mounted data partitions another gui : http://sourceforge.net/projects/adbbrowser/?source=recommended ps : i prefer the command line adb tool ( 2nd solution ) . i have little experience with the gui tools . but generally they should work as well . here 's how i usually do it ( using only the commandline ) : <code> me@workstation:~$ adb shell ~ # mount rootfs on / type rootfs ( rw ) tmpfs on /dev type tmpfs ( rw , nosuid , relatime , mode=755 ) devpts on /dev/pts type devpts ( rw , relatime , mode=600 ) proc on /proc type proc ( rw , relatime ) sysfs on /sys type sysfs ( rw , relatime ) /dev/block/mtdblock4 on /cache type yaffs2 ( rw , nodev , noatime , nodiratime ) ~ # mount /sdcard ~ # exit me@workstation:~$ cd /tmp/ me@workstation:/tmp$ mkdir htc_sdcard me@workstation:/tmp$ adb pull /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/ htc_sdcard/dcim pull : building file list . . . pull : /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/dsc00110.jpg -&gt ; htc_sdcard/dcim/dsc00110.jpg pull : /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/dsc00114.jpg -&gt ; htc_sdcard/dcim/dsc00114.jpg [ . . . ] </code>
if the ram is half free then will it consume only 50% of power nope . ram uses power no matter whether the cells are used or not . the biggest consumer of power in a phone is the display ( screen ) , the various radios ( wifi , 3g/4g , gps , bluetooth , etc ) , and the cpu and gpu . rom is an overloaded term , it is technically an abbreviation of read-only memory , but there is actually no such thing in modern smartphones . the " read-only memory " ( rom ) in modern smart phone is actually writable . what most people say when they say rom depends on the context , sometimes they meant the flash storage ( hardware ) and sometimes they meant the firmware ( software ) . in most android devices , internal and external storage both uses flash storage , so it is should not be surprising that their power requirements are similar . however , unless you are using an application that is constantly reading or writing large amount of data , the power draw from flash storage are generally quite minimal to overall power usage . does all this have an effect on battery utilization ? yes , but on typical use cases , they are not the major power draw . in typical usage patterns , the display and the antennas trumps all other components by miles .
battery consumption depends on your screen active time , 2g/3g/4g/wi-fi data connectivity , bluetooth , voice calls etc . it has nothing to do with how much of your internal or external storage is free . and from whatever i have seen , if you use task manager to kill the apps or force stop them usually drains more battery because those apps try to start back . as far as i know it has absolutely nothing to do with your rom , i mean hardware rom . when it is firmware which is there on rom it can affect the battery consumption if it is not optimized properly ( kernel tweaks etc ) it is better to keep auto sync off to save battery . or run it after every 10-15 minutes . . it is upto you !
your question would require a rather lengthy answer , and does not really fit the scope of our site . so for a complete answer , you had better find yourself a book . some short hints , though : no such thing as " free ram " , linux ( android is based on that ) makes good use of it . if not required by apps , it will be used to cache e.g. the file system . this not only gives faster access ( as ram is faster ) , but also saves battery ( as physical file system access is minimized ) . see also : are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have how do ram and processor speed affect overall performance on android ? unix and linux : real memory usage to understand the life cycle of an app , you might refer to the process lifecycle description on the developers site ( image taken from bottomlessinc blog ) to minimize your battery consumption ( or maximize its runtime ) , there are a lot of useful answers on our site already . some examples include : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? which consumes less battery : wi-fi or 2g data ? minimized apps : do they consume more battery ? many more can be found browsing the tags battery-life and battery-usage
you could use k-9 mail as your client and after configuring your account long-press it , select Account settings -&gt; Fetching mail -&gt; When I delete a message and set it to Do not delete on server or Mark as read on server , whichever suits you better .
cyanogenmod supports this on your phone , though you will have to root and install it . one thing i have noticed ( and have seen others mention ) : it is not very reliable on the droid incredible . sometimes it works , sometimes it does not . sometimes you have to press the button multiple times to wake the phone , other times holding the button works , other times i have just have to give up and use the power button to wake the phone . other phones may be more or less reliable . what does work well with cyanogenmod ( and maybe other " lockscreen replacements" ) is using the button to unlock the phone . of course , if you are using a pin code , swipe pattern , or some other security measure to unlock , then that will not work so well .
not come across any app that lets you reassign the functions of the keys , it may be possible with a custom rom image but i have not seen it mentioned .
this should actually be pretty easy and does not require rooting or custom roms , but you will need a ' lockscreen replacement ' app to do it . the app ' widgetlocker lockscreen ' allows ' easy wake ' that allows you to customize which button ( home , menu , trackball , volume , etc ) wakes the phone . check it out on the market , it is $1.99 . there may also be other lockscreen replacement apps out there , but that is exactly what you need : a customizable lockscreen replacement app that supports the feature you requested . widgetlocker is an example of this .
a hard reset restores the original factory settings and erases content , including downloaded ringtones , images , programs , and contacts stored in the internal memory . this feature allows for resetting of sound profiles , display settings , and phone or memory card settings . to perform a hard reset using the hardware keys , follow these steps : turn off the device . press and hold both volume up and volume down keys at the same time . press the power key only until the phone vibrates once , then release only the power key . continue to hold the volume up and volume down keys until the android system recovery screen appears . press the volume down key to highlight wipe factory data . press the home key to select . press the volume down key to highlight yes - delete all user data . press the home key to select . press the home key to reboot . but as you said , your screen is broken . check the screenshots and see how many times you want to use down and up volume key , so that the according to number position you can do it .
even though i still do not know what was wrong , i did manage to fix it . a reinstall solved the problem , but only if i also deleted the ' tasker ' folder on the sd . note : you can export your configuration , and everything will work without any extra work after the reinstall . ( menu-> data-> backup/restore ) note 2: when using the state stuff , there is no need for an ' active normal mode ' task . it'll revert everything back again .
backup the " settings storage " app from titaniumbackup . that will help you store your android id . if you want to restore it , unfortunately , you will have to use titaniumbackup pro since it is the only app which lets you restore your android id . taken from xda : settings storage - be careful when you restore this . for eg : its not a good idea to restore cm9 settings to an aokp rom or vice versa . this is best used when you know exactly what you are doing . also , a lot of differences between roms will probably be the fact that it provides some new customization options in the settings . so restoring this doesnt make sense unless you know for sure that they are the same . handle with care .
there is an app called " twin me ! " in the google play . it does exactly what the samsung galaxy s " add me " feature does .
even if not exactly the same thing , hearing your description makes me instantly think about cinemagram , an iphone app that should be ported to android really soon . in a nutshell , the application grabs a little video of the chosen subject and then gives the possibility to " animate " a portion of a selected frame . the effect can be both amazing or chilling , depending on the subject and the skill of the operator . here are a few more successfull shots , both wonderful ( rain , flag ) or , more likely , gruesome ( eye , snake , mom , a bong aint wrong ( lol ) ) . this is surely a nice app to have on the phone , and if you are a harry potter enthusiast you could also try to make a newspaper out of it : )
i think it is possible . but you need to port the sourcecode to support 2.3.6 api . you need install google api add on and follow the steps posted in android development page http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/usb/accessory.html i think the sourcecode could be found in ftdi webpage .
current app 's usage : if you mean storage , there is a handy program on market called disk usage . it will display the current size of all installed applications , as well as how much space each 's data takes up . i have a feeling you may mean ram usage , which is a different animal indeed . to get the amount of ram a program is currently using , see the apps section of the settings . the running tab shows the relevant details . new update 's or non-installed app usage : most of these details cannot really be determined before installing an app or an update , unless the developer is kind enough to include these details in the applications 's description or the what is new section . the closest you can get is the actual size of the application , which does show up in the application description . i guess you could use a combination of what you can learn from disk usage on the current version 's size and correlate that to what shows up in google play for the current version . details like ram usage are difficult to determine as they depend on a lot of factors : which resources are loaded on your particular device configuration ( e . g . high or low res images and icons ) . how you use the app ( e . g . if you have a browser and load 100 tabs , the program will use more ram ) . the quality of the app . the program may inadvertently waste memory due to a bug only you experience . it would be difficult to predict things like this . as for app storage , this really depends on whether the app developer chooses to change the way it stores data . hopefully this answers your question .
there are two ways you can remove the ted videos in bulk : go to the path /sdcard/Android/data/com.ted.android/files/ using your file manager in android . delete all the videos directly from there . in your ted app , go to My Talks menu and then tap the vertical dotted icon at the right-top corner which will popup a dropdown menu . you should tap the Remove Items option which will show x at the left of each of the downloaded videos that you want to remove . hope it helps .
i have found the solution . while on My Talks tab , press/tap options button to bring menu . from this menu , tap Remove Items which would allow you to selectively remove downloaded videos .
on the My Talks tab , tap/press options button ( you can tap the overflow menu in the top right corner if you are on tablet ) . there is a Remove Items in menu . that should do the trick . it puts an x on all the videos and i am assuming a tap on that will delete them . i have not done this , because i have not gotten around to watching them yet .
one solution to this problem : use a tasking program such as locale or tasker and create certain conditions that will enable your wifi ( essentially writing a script as you described ) . for example : use gps and determine if i am at my home ( i believe you can use real gps , which will consume quite a bit of power , or base it off of which cell tower you are connected to , which you would already know anyways if not in airplane mode ) . or you could even setup certain times of the day you know you will be at home , or work , or wherever you regularly have wifi .
in order to avoid any possibility of data loss if something goes really wrong ( never happened to me , but . . . ) you should backup : installed applications , if you do not want to install all of the installed applications in case of failure . sent and received sms , mms photos and videos if you stored it in the main memory ( not common ) contacts ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . emails ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . calendar ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . basically if you want to be sure that nothing can go wrong , you need to backup all your data and configuration . there are apps to do this , like titanium backup
jumping between roms in the same development series is usually safe without backing up or wiping the data partition ( although the cache and dalvik cache should always be wiped ) , unless the installation instructions specifically tell you to wipe the data partition ( which seems unlikely in this case ; if such a drastic change were needed , it should not be a release candidate any more ) . i would nevertheless back everything up just in case , both application backup like titanium backup and nandroid backup from the recovery partition , but then i am paranoid like that . jumping to a different series ( say , cm6 to cm7 , or cm to aosp ) you should always back up everything and wipe everything .
google uses miracast for its media streaming and most recent devices can use it . as for the receiver , recent tvs have miracast built in . if your tv does not have it , there are some adapters on amazon .
you might try going through adb ( android debug bridge ) . it is quite possible the ui ( screen ) is not starting up , but the rest of it is running happy . [ not that i would ever have gotten into that spot myself by playing with setting i should not have touched :- ) ]
this is something of an oversimplification , but the simple answer is : you can not . what makes this an oversimplification ? well , it is because it depends on how a given app is implemented . android applications are based around the concept of an activity , which is described in the development documentation as : an activity is a single , focused thing that the user can do . when a new activity is launched it is placed onto a system-wide " activity stack " at the top of the stack ( for anyone unfamiliar , see stack ( data structure ) ) . when the back button is pressed , the current activity ( at the top of the stack ) is finished and removed from the stack , causing the previous one ( beneath it on the stack ) to be brought to the foreground . this pop/bring-to-foreground behavior continues as you keep pressing the back button until you land at home , which is the start of the stack . from here , you cannot go " back " any further . now , how does this apply to apps ? in many applications , an activity represents one , individual screen . when you advance to a new screen , then , a new activity is actually created for the screen and pushed onto the stack on top of the one that created it . in apps that use this design , hitting back will , in fact , bring you to the previous screen . the reason should be fairly self-evident : the screen you are currently viewing is on the top of the stack , the previous screen sits below it ( since they are each activities themselves ) . thus , hitting back removes the current screen from the stack , finishes it , and then loads the previous one . this is not a required model , however . you can have an activity that contains multiple layouts and screens . we have used this in my office to , for example , create a configuration wizard of sorts . the idea is that hitting back should simply exit the wizard , and there are " back " and " next " buttons on the screen itself to provide navigation . thus , even if you are on the third screen of the wizard , you have not created any additional activities , so hitting the back button ( hard button ) will take you out of the " wizard activity " and back to the " menu activity " . further , the behavior of the back button can be overridden by an application of they so choose . it simply calls a method named onBackPressed() , which performs the default behavior of going backwards on the activity stack . however , if there is an overridden implementation of onBackPressed() in the current activity , that will be executed instead . so to sum up : the idea that the back button goes back to the previous " screen " is not guaranteed at all . the hard back button deals with activities only , which are often " screens " to the user , but are not necessarily , and are in no way required to be . there is no concept of " go back one screen " unless the app you are using says there is , but that functionality is still not guaranteed to be provided by the back button itself . further reading : activity and task design activity documentation
if an app does not take you to the previous screen when you hit back , there is nothing you or android can do about it . you could ask the app 's developer to implement it but that is about it .
just download lets meetup navigation and share you directions and meet up with your friends
unfortunately , there is no way to create these links in the google maps app .
i have not been able to find out how to do that either . however , i have found you can share places by clicking on them and then selecting " share this place . "
as of the date of this posting you can not do this in the android app . however you can access it through google maps website . so instead of using your app navigate to google maps through your browser . it will take a bit longer to load so only do this if you have to share the map or directions . seems like a natural to be able to share this function via sms to non smart phones . it equals free advertising for google . i hope they add this soon to the mobile app !
never even considered this until your question , but here 's what i have got working pretty well -- droid vnc server from the market . fairly quick refresh ( as fast as i am used to on vnc ) , better than the sdk screencast or droid explorer . even has http server support built in -- in fact , i have not tested yet with a desktop client , but the http/java client works well enough .
yes , rooting is usually ( but not always ) required . the following are some options : android screencast : probably one of the more easier and popular sol'n google code project " android vnc " . have to search for it , i can only post 1 link at a time right now . . . droid explorer : app from marketplace android vnc server : a guide that uses a different apk from either sol'n above try them out and see which one gives you the best options .
maybe you should give the android-notifier over at googlecode a try when using a mac or linux . the android-desktop-notifier works fine when using windows .
one really easy solution platform free that work over bluetooth wifi usb tethering and also wifi , is simply airdroid . it allow lots of thing and is very convenient .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows remote connections to your android device over xmpp . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
picme works surprisingly well as an alternative to vnc . i recommend using it over wifi , though . ( as opposed to 3g ) http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.bw.picme
gtalksms ( google code project page ) is a alternative for android-notifier which works over xmpp ( gtalk , jabber ) . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of gtalksms big advantages , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
i suggest you to format the internal memory since it will not clean the rom memory , just the place where your personal files , applications and other stuff like this are stored . then flash the rom again . this might solve your problem .
alright , on the forum thread of that specific cusom rom ( linked in question ) , someone said that he re-formatted through windows with fat32 as type . so i tried this as well . while the device was on , i plugged in the usb cable , and put it into lock . then , as usual , the drives showed up in windows ( sd and internal that is ) , and it forced me to format the internal drive in order to acess it . pressed ok , then formatted with fat32 . after format , i did not even pull the device off the lock , i just quickly pressed the reset button on the back . then flashed it , and turned it on . it works perfectly ! now i have android 2.1 instead of that less-worthy 1.5 build ! thank you to everyone who proceded help : )
have you checked if there is anything set in Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard ? let me know if it works .
new bluetooth profiles android 4.4 support for two new bluetooth profiles to let apps support a broader range of low-power and media interactions . bluetooth hid over gatt ( hogp ) gives apps a low-latency link with low-power peripheral devices such as mice , joysticks , and keyboards . bluetooth map lets your apps exchange messages with a nearby device , for example an automotive terminal for handsfree use or another mobile device . as an extension to bluetooth avrcp 1.3 , users can now set absolute volume on the system from their bluetooth devices . platform support for hogp , map , and avrcp is built on the bluedroid bluetooth stack introduced by google and broadcom in android 4.2 . support is available right away on nexus devices and other android-compatible devices that offer compatible bluetooth capabilities . source : android kitkat
the full list of profiles is : advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) headset profile ( hsp ) health device profile ( hdp ) health thermometer profile ( htp ) heart rate profile ( hrp ) human interface device profile ( hid , inputdevice ) message access profile ( map ) personal area networking profile ( pan ) audio/video remote control profile ( avrcp ) generic attribute ( gatt , hogp , btle ) : bluetooth 4.0 required generic attribute server ( gatt server , btle ) : bluetooth 4.0 required
you can use any browser that supports streaming . you type in the address bar or google search for youtube . tap on the link for youtube . then search for your video ( s ) . there maybe some buffering issues on low-end/legacy devices . you can change the quality of the stream ( ie . 240 , 480 , 720p ) . aside from that , make sure all background processes are shut down and you do not have any other running apps . as to which one works best , that would be an opinion and not correct forum for this . although i just use stock android browser .
the one i use is screen filter https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.haxorhl=en free . it does not invert any colors , but has the lowest brightness setting of any filter app . use in conjunction with system brightness to achieve any level of brightness needed . in this android tutorial , william j . francis demonstrates how to read and write to the lcd backlight brightness control . http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/software-engineer/control-androids-lcd-backlight-programmatically/ its some good reading , very nice write up . this is how i am going to fix my backlight brightness . but here 's another filter app that is free https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.digipom.nightfilterhl=en no programming required . " night filter is an easy to use screen filter application for your android phone or tablet . night filter makes it easy for you to dim your screen , adjust your color tint , and more ! use it to read at night with less eye strain and correct for an excessive screen tint . "
i have found under setting ( in android 4.3 anyway ) that i can go to device : accessibility:negative colors . this will produce the " inverse video " effect so normally white backgrounds are black . in conjunction with normal ( or app enhanced ) screen dimming this reduces liht significantly over the normal black on white output . i will update this answer if i find a way to control backlight brightness .
i just found a modified version of the official youtube version 4 app , it has an option to let you choose the preferred quality official xda threab , credits goes to xda member osama ghareeb please note that this app is built on the fourth version of the official app and the latest version is 5 .
you can not . those quality settings only apply to the desktop version . mobile apps use a different set of videos , which are already optimized for mobile devices , and have two different quality settings , regular and hd .
install moborobo . never fails . it will get you drivers automatically . then download srs root and it will root it in one single click .
install kies in your pc . it will automatically install corresponding usb drivers . edit : samsung kies is a freeware software application used to communicate between windows or mac operating systems , and more recently manufactured samsung mobile phone and tablet computer devices , usually using a usb cable connection ( though wireless lan kies connectivity is now possible using some devices ) . this software may be used for : data backup data transfer ( between a windows or mac pc , and a samsung mobile device ) , limited to certain media file formats . multimedia ( audio , photos , video , etc . ) management , but limited to certain file formats . purchase/acquisition of additional or special device features . device firmware and operating system ( os version ) upgrades . to work all these , usb driver should be installed . so when you install this software it will automatically detect your device and install usb drivers .
unfortunately the adbd ( adb daemon ) is not enabled on any current google tv hardware , so adb connectivity is not possible via usb , ethernet , or any other means . however , a few crafty tinkerers from gtvhacker site managed to hack the logitech revue unit to enable this functionality . keep in mind that this is a hardware hack and includes physically opening up the revue box and soldering connections on the motherboard . you can read more on this mod here . needless to say , this hack is not for everyone , and carries even more risk of bricking the stb as a plain software hack .
64-bit wep key in ascii mode is 5 characters , and since you have said your wep key is 0e39c004e1 , you have to enter it in hex mode . i am not sure if your phone can handle hex input , so if i were you , i would try to ( temporarily ) assign some other wep password , which can be entered in ascii mode ( 5 random characters , letters or numbers ) , and see if that works from your phone . since you have mentioned that both your phones , xperia x10 and xperia s have the same problem with this router , it might be a good idea to invest about $30 in small wifi router , which can connect to your home network and serve internet to your phones and other wireless devices . i use tl-mr3020 and it works perfectly in many situations .
i think this is most likely a problem with the android platform itself . my own lg p500 phone will not connect to any wep secured network even though the key is 100% correct . in that case it was an imac desktop with connection sharing through wep , as that was the only option available for sharing . it is not ideal , but perhaps finding a good compelling article about the benefits of wpa over wep and presenting it to your landlord might be the easiest fix here .
i just thought of posting my solution here as well in order to help others that might face this problem in the future . after troubleshooting the problem for over two months , i have finally been able to resolve the problem with the help of a belkin technical support engineer . just for clarification , the problem is neither with the phones nor the router . it is to do with the wifi settings that can be accessed via the gateway i/p address ( in my case it was : 192.168.2.1 ) . i have followed the below steps that made it work for me ( please note that this solution may not help all the other wep problems , it just seemed to help in my case . the best idea is to check up with your router 's technical support department unless there is a problem with your phone ) . wifi settings changed : disabled firewall disabled wan ping blocking the most important part : under security , i changed the wireless channel from '10' to '9' . changed the configuration from "802.11 b/g/n " to "802.11 g only " . changed the ssid name from say : " belkin-router " to " belkin " . applied changes and hurray , my phones got instantly connected . hope this helps others as well .
if you did a factory reset , you should be able to connect it to the computer and it should allow you to delete files from the internal storage . mtp is limiting though in the fact that you can not use a secure erase program ( one that overwrites the file multiple times with random data ) . this will be quite difficult to do with a broken screen . the other option is to use odin to restore it to stock . odin overwrites all the partitions including the full /data partition which will wipe the internal storage . just follow any of the guides on how to return to stock or unbrick the device , like this one for the international s3 . if you have one of the lte or carrier versions you will need an appropriate guide for that version . you can do everything blind in odin , just follow the directions carefully .
you can use the " google contact sync " , an built-in synchronization-mechanism and some of the basic-functionality of android . more here : http://www.google.com/sync/index.html
another option would be to export your contacts ( tap the menu button in the contacts app then look for export ) , transfer contacts . vcf to the other device , then import .
the guide is only to install google play and other related and necessary google apps . the installation is such due to licensing issues which prevent cyanogenmode from packaging it in the rom directly . once you go through the install of google apps , you can use google play same way as on any other android device . regarding versions , every cyanogenmod version is based on particular version of android , e.g. : cyanogenmod 11 is based on android 4.4 kitkat cyanogenmod 10.2 is based on android 4.3 jelly bean cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 jelly bean . etc . the play store will treat cyanogenmod versions as android of appropriate version , so you will have no problems regarding that .
my phone was a yakju and i do not know why those ones are updated like 2 months after the takju . i had to flash it manually to turn it into a takju and after reboot the update was directly available .
two possible reasons : your carrier has not released the update to their customers yet . check their support website or call their support to ask . if you have ever rooted your phone and removed and of the systems applications , which includes bloatware apps like facebook that come preinstalled , you cannot get ota updates as your phone 's system will not match the update anymore and so it will not install .
maybe wait , i had a nexus one and my phone get ota three or four month after the google release , because of my carrier . but you can get the zip file of the ota package and make a manual install . you can find the file on xda i think .
i have the same problem for about half of a year . i have tried entering " checkin " secret code in phone dialer many times , many weeks in a row , tried to clear data of google service framework - no luck . but yesterday i have finally get updated to android os 4.1.1 ! here is how i did this : open phone dialer , enter *#*#2432546#*#* ( numbers is representing word " checkin" ) wait for message " checkin succeeded " in status bar ( you need active internet connection , wifi or mobile - does not matter ) open system settings -> apps -> all -> google services framework click " force stop " button , wait few seconds next click " clear data " button when open settings -> about -> system updates . you should see something like " last checked for update on 1/1/1970 " click " check now " button if you did not receive update yet , repeat this procedure from first step few more times ( i have succeeded after second attempt ) . you could also try to replace step 7 by step 1 . all this sounds very strange for me , but i have tried some separate parts of this sequence many times before and it did not work . yesterday i have repeat all 8 step exactly as them written above , two time in a row - and i have finally get jelly bean on my galaxy nexus ( i have yakjuxw firmware ) .
according to the version numbers you have posted , they are the android version numbers with zero padding . therefore these can be directly mapped to " friendly " names , which can be found for example on wikipedia under android version history . so the remaining should be :
these apps will not work with custom rom 's , as they are designed to be run with the samsung software , and require libraries etc from the samsung software .
most of the terminal commands in android are the limited version of standard linux/unix/posix terminal commands , provided by the toolbox program . notably absent from toolbox is the cp ( file copy ) command , you must use cat file1 &gt; file2 instead . if you spend a lot of time in the shell , you may want to install busybox , which provides a richer set of standard posix commands . there some bit about android shell here : http://benno.id.au/blog/2007/11/13/android-under-the-hood
you may have a look at http://www.busybox.net/downloads/busybox.html for a description of busybox and the commands provided by it . and trust me , if you are going to do work in the console , you probably want to use busybox .
the majority of " standard " android shell commands are found in /system/bin/ and the majority of those are symlinked to toolbox , a bsd licensed set of applets , similar to busybox , but without the gpl-2 licensing ""issues"" . toolbox helps google 's need to remove dependence on gpl code , and is targeted to small size and specific android tasks . it was not meant for end-user use . there is no builtin manuals in stock android , and toolbox applets lack any documentation , from the commands , from toolbox itself , and online . they are very limited copies of what most users would consider the standard posix type tools . more similar to the bsd-utils , so bsd util flags are more likely to work and behavior is more similar to bsd-utils than it is posix . even then , toolbox applets lack many of those flags . the closest thing to documentation is the source code . which , like most of android , available online . here is the froyo version of the toolbox source : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/froyo/toolbox just find the version you need . keep in mind , different manufacturers might change the code . samsung 's toolbox is different from motorola 's . heck , samsung galaxy s toolbox differs from samsung sidekick 4g ( galaxy s based ) . manufacturers might add applets for their own use , or change the default for specific purposes . the restart applet in toolbox will work on the phone it came on , but the busybox restart applet will not , unless specifically patched . Time and Date are also different . there are others as well . so toolbox is not something you can completely replace with busybox or the full gnu-utils or whatever .
i would suggest starting an android virtual device ( avd ) , connecting to it with adb , and running the android shell command in question : if anyone knows the flag to give android shell commands to just print the usage screen , please let me know . i tried --help , -help , -h , --usage , etc . try to run ls /system/bin and see also http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
since i stumbled over the same problem as you did i started to compile a list of useful commands in the android shell including examples . a german version is on my blog .
i am also using the app settings extension , and ' show when locked ' was enabled . d'oh . i do not think i did this , but might have done whilst experimenting with my new phone ! thanks @chahk1 for the helpful comment which gave me a hint on where to look . : )
i would look into apps such as app2sd in the play store . i think they create a symlink in internal storage that is linked to the actual app data on the sdcard . i used this on my old phone . it worked pretty well .
from the sources , it looks like it is printing out the contents of the SignalStrength object : this object is described in detail on the android developers reference here . the string representation of the signalstrength class is defined here ( search for " tostring " function ) : this basically tells you the columns in the dumpsys output .
you can find the code that produces this output in signalstrength . java in the android framework . even if you do not know java , it is pretty easy to see which raw value is which . if there are any values you do not understand ( the names are pretty concise and only make sense if you are familiar with phone standards ) , you can read the inline documentation elsewhere in the same file .
in fact , one is available from motorola here , posted by reddit user troub ( source ) . it is a .dae file but can be converted using autodesk fbx converter ( see www.cadstudio.cz/download or www.autodesk.com/fbx ) . alternatively , it is posted here on thingiverse as a .stl file .
there is a known issue on samsung devices . please see here : http://webcazine.com/7630/how-to-solve-unable-to-sign-or-encrypt-message-certificate-not-installed-error-on-galaxy-s4/
seems to me that your pc and your android are in different time zones . since you have already mentioned that you are in india , i expect that your android has the wrong setting . Settings | Date &amp; time you may have to turn off " automatic " so that you can set the time zone yourself .
how about your internal sd and emulated sd card free space ? sometime your phone has duplicate files on emulated sd and internal sd . sometime it may be an issue with the setting restore . when you are switching rom ( different android version ) , it is not recommended restore data using old rom backup .
try reflashing the rom with full wipe again but do not restore anything with titanium backup . similar problems usually happen when i used to restore data with titanium backup especially if the android upgrade from rom to another is significant ( e . g 4.1 to 4.2 ) . please try this and tell what happens : ) edit : added my comment to the answer .
this usually happens if you have connected to nokia to you pc via usd cable . ignore this and continue using you phone . i have been observing this for more than 3 years now where phone drive shows in red and full .
you just need to access " my location " in maps . click the " location " button in the bottom right corner to have the map scroll to your location . ( obviously you need to have location services turned on . ) the button will turn blue and there will be a glowing blue dot at your location . tap the button again and the view will change to " compass mode " , a partial-3d view with 3-d building outlines and pointed in the direction you are facing . the button will change to a compass . tap again to get back to the top-down view .
as i mentioned in my comment , upon further research i found that " follow me " feature or " navigation without destination set " was removed from the latest release of android map app . following someone else 's advice i am switching ( at least for now ) . to the waze app
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
i think " phone idle " just means general power use from the phone being on ( listening for user activation , waiting for scheduled app actions , basic memory and cpu " being on " stuff etc . ) whereas " cell standby " is about keeping the phone active on the cell network ( brief signals back and forth with cell towers alerting them of your presence , listening for calls or sms ) .
according to the dolphin for android phone faqs , you can manually create a shortcut to the home screen : how do i create a shortcut for dolphin sonar to the home screen manually ? please click menu> more> settings> gesture and sonar > sonar settings> create shortcut .
i had a similar issue . eventually , i disabled the following : auto fill forms ; sync via usb an developer tools . it worked ! oh also i cleared data ( settings . . content settings ) for google sites .
disable syncing in google chrome . remove stored sync data on your google dashboard . enable sync again in google chrome making sure that only the passwords are encrypted . disable and enable sync browser in ics . there is a more detailed howto with photos on my blog if you need it .
i think that there is no other way as to simply delete the files on your android device . make sure you have a copy of the files on your pc or an external hd . i am not sure if one can download the mp3s easily from the google music cloud . you have the files in google musics cloud , why do you need them on the device too ? the music app will cache the files on the device for fast/offline access .
allowing cpu frequency to be set directly by user level process is a security issue . it is a hardware functionality that could affect other processes running on the system . on an ideal system , no user level process should be able to affect the execution of another user 's processes , except through explicit interprocess communication ( e . g . pipes , signals , files , etc ) . examples of damages that could be done : battery life : a malicious or poorly written could set cpu at a constantly high level , draining more battery than is necessary , without attracting suspicion because it uses little cpu for itself . poor performance : a malicious or poorly written app could set the cpu frequency at constantly low level , resulting in poor performance . this could then be used to trick user into purchasing our downloading unnecessary optimizer apps , among others . conflicting cpu frequency set by multiple apps could lead to really unstable system performance and general havoc as they keep overriding each other . this reason alone could make the whole cpu frequency setting useless . the solution to this ? any single process should not be able to directly set cpu frequency . instead non root process should only be able to give hints , and the system could then pick the best frequency setting , taking into account the hints from all processes , system policy , and process accounting information . this is what cpufreq " governers " are . one of the job of operating system is to moderate access to shared resources . also , it should be noted that lowering cpu frequency does not always lead to better battery life , depending on the work load , lower frequency could also mean it takes longer time to finish the task , and this could easily negate the savings .
mucking about with cpu frequencies can lead to instabilities in your system and might also lead to hardware damage . such a critical function is best left out of the hands of normal users who do not really need to make such changes . since this most certainly a core ( important ) function , one needs root access .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
if have to disagree with sparx , if you change the cpu frequency via the supported methods that every modern cpu provides , changing it , even in a fast sequence , does not affect stability . i would even rule out hardware damage , because of the sophisticated security mechanisms in modern cpus ( overheat protection , etc . ) . why can only root set the frequency and the frequency governor ? well , first because it is linux that only allows root to do so . second , i think that it is because the average user should not care about . it is the system that decides which frequency is the best in the current situation . it does so automatically , without user intervention and it does the job good under android ( imho ) . while thinks like setcpu can prolong battery life , it also can shorten it , if it is done wrong . the question here is : do you believe that a 3rd party app does better battery management than the one that the manufacturer of the device ? in certain cases sure , but not always .
both ubuntu phone ( which is based on the same linux distro as full ubuntu ) and android run on a linux kernel . however they differ above the kernel level , whereas ubuntu runs a full gnu/linux os with most of the standard linux libraries , and a gui based on qt , android runs a custom android and dalvik platform instead . it looks like one of the big benefits of them both being based on the same linux kernel is driver support . this means that for any android phone that has open-sourced drivers available ( either officially from the manufacturer 's source , or where a 3rd party rom developer has written them ) , it should be a much easier to task to get ubuntu phone running on it . ( notably pretty much every picture on the ubuntu phone site at the moment looks like it is of a galaxy nexus running ubuntu phone ) . ubuntu has already been adapted to run on chipsets using the arm and intel x86 architectures relevant for mobile devices , with the core system based around a typical android board support package ( bsp ) . so chipset vendors and hardware manufacturers do not need to invest in or maintain new hardware support packages for ubuntu on smartphones . in short , if you already make handsets that run android , the work needed to adopt ubuntu will be trivial . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/operators-and-oems - my emphasis ) this means that , initially at least , it is phone manufacturers and ubuntu enthusiasts who are going to see the biggest benefit - that it should be fairly easy to get ubuntu phone working on a handset that was designed for android ( and fairly easy to sell the same hardware with a choice of os ) . as the vast majority of android apps are written using java for the dalvik vm , neither of which are guaranteed to be on an ubuntu phone ( though enthusiasts may port them later ) most of those apps will not work without a large amount of porting effort . ubuntu themselves are unlikely to be in a hurry to port java and dalvik to ubuntu phone after the legal problems that google have had with oracle . also the ubuntu phone has it is own qml toolkit and ubuntu sdk , neither of which are the same as ( or compatible with ) the android sdk or ndk apis , so again that is going to be a large amount of porting effort that will prevent android apps from being run on ubuntu straight away . on the other hand , if your app is primarily a web app with an android wrapper around it , then porting should be much easier as both heavily support html5 and javascript . web apps are first class citizens on ubuntu , with apis that provide deep integration into the interface . html5 apps written for other platforms can be adapted to ubuntu with ease , and we’re targeting standard cross-platform web app development frameworks like phonegap to make ubuntu ‘just work’ for apps that use them . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) despite all of those differences , history in the mobile space has shown us that if a mobile platform takes off in a big way , then no matter how big the time and effort needed to port apps between platforms , all the big apps and games will make their way to the new platform eventually and companies will come out with toolkits and software that makes it easy to write an app once that can then be compiled to run on any of the major platforms ( that allow it ) . it seems that most of ubuntu 's app-portability is concentrating on making it easy to convert web apps into ubuntu phone apps , and to make it easy to run exactly the same app on any ubuntu device - desktop , laptop or phone : with the arrival of the ubuntu sdk , apps can be written to work on all ubuntu form-factors : it’s the same ubuntu os on the desktop and on the phone , so a single native application can work on both . which means you re-use most of the app when you add support for a new form-factor . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) tl ; dr ubuntu phone and android are both based on a linux kernel but are different above that - they can share drivers ( this is good for manufacturers and hobbyists ) , but can not share apps . ubuntu phone shares apps with desktop ubuntu , not with android . they both have good web browsers and can view the same web pages .
there is no difference . the device was simply renamed within the build system between the release of cm9 and cm10 , as the cyanogenmod wiki page for the i9100 notes : this device used to be called galaxys2 on get . cm , so older builds of cm can still be found under that title . so builds of cm9 ( or earlier ) will use the galaxys2 moniker , whereas builds from cm10 onward will use i9100 .
have a look at smart cover , cover lock , simple cover lock [ beta ] and others on google play . you can probably find other apps that maybe are better for you by just looking at the ' similar ' apps section on google play .
well this is defined per app in its manifest . it registers to a certain Intent . the app that implemented the ' open with ' option checks which applications react to a certain Intent , and shows the list of those applications . i do not think you can modify this at runtime . ( or you could create a new application which reacts the the ' open with ' and creates another intent which the photo editing app reacts to . )
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at location cache or ( if your android version is lower than 2.3.3 ) also android location cache viewer . both apps give you insight into google 's location cache , the first even permits you to clean or disable it . location cache ( source : google play ) note that those apps stopped working with android 2.3.3 ( cache viewer ) resp . android 4.0 ( location cache ) .
i do not think there is any option for that . probably a third party app ( dialer/call ) would .
obvious : it syncs google+ notifications if you have a google+ account . for example , comments on one of your posts ( depending on your notification settings ) . not as obvious : you need the google+ app for it to work .
do this : type *#0011# on your dialer to go into service mode . from there , go to settings by pressing the left hard key navigate to wifi and turn off power setting mode . this solved the problem for me . however if you turn your phone off and again , the procedure will have to be repeated on each restart as its temporary .
update your phone to the firmware i9300xxella and check through " exynos " if your device is affected or not affected , it will tell you .
check the internet connectivity in status bar ( top bar ) , if alphabet ' e ' is displayed , then internet connectivity is fine otherwise contact your service provider for activating edge/gprs services . if alphabet ' e ' is displayed and internet does not work , then turn off your mobile , take out the sim and reinsert it after 10-12 seconds . turn on the mobile and check . now internet connectivity should be restored .
it is because you have synchronization off . how else is your device supposed to tell the gmail servers that you have read a message ?
its not possible . app drawer is designed to keep default shortcut of apps . . not custom shortcuts ! you can always use homescreen to place custom shortcuts . i recommend you to use tb 's widget . as adw launcher provides option to add multiple homescreens , space should not be a problem .
there is flyscreen , which lets you put widgets and such on your lock screen . ( app brain link )
i have been using widgetlocker ( appbrain ) . its very customizable and has worked like a charm for me .
this means the provisioning ( first run ) got somehow interrupted . to fix this , run the following command from a root terminal or from adb shell: sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db "INSERT INTO secure (name,value) VALUES ('device_provisioned','1');" and then reboot .
it will replace your existing kernel . but before that make sure your rom is compatible with new kernel or you will end up in boot loop . in certain kernel wifi may not work . you may have to install wifi modules separately .
no , flashing a kernel only wipes the old kernel . generally , user-space drivers in the system image will be specific to a particular version of the kernel driver , and each kernel driver version will only work with certain kernel versions , so only flash a different kernel if you know that it was built to work with your user-space version , or vice-versa . usually stock roms will only work with the kernel that came with the rom , and third-party roms will say which kernels they work with . on devices that support fastboot , you can use fastboot flash boot boot.img to flash the file boot.img to the boot partition . this is the one that stores the kernel .
you can use light flow to customize led notifications ; it also has a lite version . light flow allows you to take control of your notification led colors and makes them successively flash one color after another . it also allows you to set repeating sounds on vibration patterns for you notifications . you can also set a " sleep " mode or " on charge " where the lights and/or sounds and vibrations will not be heard or seen .
i am going to answer generally , since the same is true of any smartphone . there are broadly two kinds of colour screen used on mobile devices ( smartphones , tablets , wearables , and handheld game consoles ) : lcds , and oleds . lcd screens these change their opacity according to an electrical signal . but to see that change in opacity , they need a source of illumination : a backlight . in early pdas and the first few generations of android phones , cfls ( which are basically small fluorescent tubes ) were used for backlights , but these days many lcd screens are lit by white leds . either way , the brightness slider controls how bright the backlight is by varying the voltage to it , so it directly affects power consumption , just like a dimmer control on a lamp . it used to be the case that lcds used a lot more power to be opaque , so displaying a black screen drew more power than displaying a white screen . however , manufacturing techniques and densities changed a few years ago , and the difference is negligible these days . oled screens oleds are a new kind of led . they can be a lot smaller than traditional semiconductor leds : small enough for each pixel to be a separate led . there is no need for a separate backlight . because of this , the brightness slider multiplies the brightness of every pixel separately . decreasing the brightness setting does not decrease power consumption directly . the power consumption of the screen depends on how bright is the actual image it is displaying . in general , decreasing the brightness slider will tend to decrease power consumption , because the screen is darker overall , but a white screen on minimum brightness will draw more power than a black screen on maximum brightness . some phones with oled screens have software that adjusts the brightness dynamically , instead of simply multiplying the screen colours by a constant value . this increases the brightness of the bright colours when more of the screen is dark , and decreases the brightness when more of the screen is bright , so the overall brightness looks the same . this can help save power : when you have adjusted the brightness so darks are clear in your environment , there is no point in the phone burning more power to make the brights look brighter than you need . on samsung phones with oled screens , you can find this in the display settings , labelled auto adjust screen tone . summary whatever type of display technology your phone uses , decreasing the brightness control can use less power , but for different reasons in each case .
lowering screen brightness is one of the energy-saving tips always coming out on top . that is not even specific to your samsung galaxy mega , but valid for all devices . for other tips ( and more details ) , see e.g. what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
if you want them to stop why do not you make a new kik ? i have done the same blocked and it still happens i do not understand why but just make a new one or simply email kik messenger and report that person .
the answer is : you cannot . either wait out the harassment , do not open the app for a while , or switch discussion platforms with the people you care to talk to . all unsatisfying solutions , but . . . they are the only ones .
there is this graph from over at wikipedia , which uses the data from google 's dashboard .
you should call an operator to fix this kind of problem
you can use a activitymanager to get the message about process in my phone , browser is " com . android . browser " , it is the same in all the android . is different os , the name we see may be different , like different language , and so on . in english , it is browser . hope the answer is useful .
not as far as i know ; it is name is just " browser " . to distinguish it from the other browsers , sometimes i call it " stock browser " . btw , it is called firefox now ( or firefox mobile ) , and no longer fennec .
the galaxy s4 mini only comes with an 8gb internal storage ( 5gb are usable ) , i think you are referring to your external storage and you can use this space by moving some apps to it . you can achieve that by installing an app called " app 2 sd " by sam lu , it is very simple to use application , hope this help
later versions of android do not allow apps to be on sd ( no app will make it happen if this is the case , unless you are rooted ) . to free up space try using an app like clean master .
sounds more like a virus . the only guarenteed way is to flash a fresh rom and start over . malware is getting smarter and smarter and may be able to hide itself on the os unless you start fresh .
yes , it works fine for me without sim-card . i can still use wifi for accessing internet .
i am sure this is fixed in the latest gmail app which you should be able to download from the market . ( this used to bug the hell out of me - sometimes the drop down would work , other times not , completely at random . have not had the issue since the last gmail app update )
wow , i figured it out ! i just had to go back to settings , then applications , then all , and then enable google play services again ! i had not deleted it after all ! yay !
this is what you are looking for . . .
the short answer is no , there are no usb-to-ethernet dongles that the galaxy note 8 recognizes . the long answer is galaxy note 8 only supports wireless network connections unfortunately ; however that could change if samsung decides to include support for wired ethernet dongles in updates to the note 8 .
sachin shekhar that dongle wont work on the samsung galaxy note 8 because i already explained that the galaxy note 8 does not support wired network dongles some android tablets do but its up to the manufacturer to include support in their version of android . after u connect the dongle there will be nothing in the galaxy note 8 network setup for a wired network connection .
there is an app called lagfix , which can let you trim your device literally . it can only run if the device is rooted , and since your device is already rooted then it is perfect for you . and here is the thread on xda developers about lagfix . i hope it helps .
i was having lag issues on my n7 2012 . after doing some research i was lead to forever gone . this app has been used to overwrite the free space on the device so that it can be more efficiently used . until 4.3 is released for you device i would give this a try to see if it helps with performance . it sure helped my n7 .
it is a pretty subjective question , since no one really knows how many apps do or do not do any given thing . you had have to carefully analyse each app to find out how much use it can make of multiple cores . likely , more apps than you realise are doing this . first off , android makes it very simple for app authors to work in multiple threads , with helpers like AsyncTask . app developers are encouraged to do most operations in background threads , such as loading bitmaps from storage , transferring data over the network , or long computations . running those on a second core keeps the app more responsive while the operation 's going on . if the app does anything with gl ( most graphics-heavy apps and almost all games do ) , then it is certainly using two cores . how much use it is making of that freedom to parallelise is different for each app , but again , it lets the app do long-running operations while still responding to you . on top of this , even if the app you are using right now is only running in a single thread on one core , anything else android is doing in the background will be running on another core , which again lets your app stay responsive . this might include activities like drawing the system ui , running background services from other apps to check your mail and c . , features like " smart stay " on samsung phones , listening for the " ok google " hotword , and more . so in short , while we can discuss how much use any given app makes of the power available to it , a sweeping statement like , " very few apps really use more than one core , " sounds like the kind of thing an uninformed salesman would say to try to impress you .
there is no central repository where in the apps that are uploaded in play store or any other store for that matter are sorted into apps that use the camera apps that use one core etc etc this is because majority of android users do not care how many cores apps use ! also due to restrictions on clock speed / computational power you can not actually do compute intensive stuff on android , there is cuda for that , you still have to revert to desktops . and it all depends on the developer really and we can not really say for sure if there are few apps for android that use multicore .
do you mean this app , android 4 ics calendar ? if so , it is probably unsupported by google sync . was not there any calendar app preinstalled on your tablet ?
install google calendar official app , available for devices running android 4.0.3 and later .
you have to download the google calendar app for your android default app can sync with your online gmail account .
founded ugly workaround ( link ) . add exchange account : domain\username : is my aspmx . l . google . com\username@gmail . com server : m . google . com now i can sync calendar - but only first one :/ . still looking for a proper solution .
it only works if you have a gmail account .
i found the solution here : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/android-tablet-discussions/23013-solved-exchange-account-puzzle.html basically you use your gmail user name and password and when it asks for your server information use m.google.com.
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
i was able to update to rc2 which fixed the bug introduced in rc1 . as i mentioned in the comment to @mohdyusuf unfortunately i can not upgrade beyond rc2 now , due to the same " getprop ( ) " errors mentioned in my question . but at least the right-side audio problem is resolved with rc2 .
basically there are two run-time environments on android . 1 ) dalvik vm : dalvik is the managed runtime used by applications and some system services on android . dalvik was originally created specifically for the android project . 2 ) art- art is a new android runtime being introduced experimentally in the 4.4 release that will eventually replace dalvik . this is a preview of work in progress in kitkat that can be turned on in settings > developer options . important : dalvik must remain the default runtime or you risk breaking your android implementations and third-party applications . above content is from android developer site .
short answer : unless you have changed it yourself , it is dalvik . dalvik is currently the supported vm for android . art is a new vm , which is expected to become the supported one for the future l release . if you are using the l developer preview , you are using art . in kitkat , there is a preview ( an early beta version ) of art , which you can turn on from the developer options . it is not recommended to do this , because the preview has bugs and is not yet compatible with all apps . the option 's there primarily for app developers to test their apps with art and report bugs . so unless you are using the l developer preview , or have turned on art in the developer settings , you are using dalvik , which is the only recommended option for end users .
assuming you are using the gmail app , simply start a new message , then choose Menu | Attach and select what you want to attach . you will need to repeat for each file , but you can certainly add more than one .
for a manual approach , i found a download link for the firmware off the asus site . i think my mistake earlier was in the download pages os selector i looked at winxp , win7 , never considered ( or noticed ) that android was an os option . then you download and unzip the 250 meg file . then you copy it to an sd card , with asus as the folder at the root . pop it into the tranformer , and you get a notification that it is preparing the sd card , and then that there is a software update available . at that point , you are at the same basic functionality as the over the air upgrade path . make sure you are plugged in ( or do not run out of power ) . however , this is a workaround , as opposed to fixing the core issue , of why the ota upgrade was not available .
when repligo talks about " bookmarks " , it does not mean the " paper clip to remember your last reading position " . it rather speaks in terms of pdf specifics , where " bookmarks " are what is commonly referred to as " table of contents " ( or in short : toc ) , see repligo reader for android features . and that is something the creator sets , not the reader . but the same linked page gives you an idea for a work-around : you can use " annotations " . this way you get a kind of " named bookmarks " , which should be selectable like those " pdf bookmarks " . i cannot say how exactly repligo handles this , as i do not use it myself . it could very well be that it simply allows to add annotations , but does not keep an index for them . so in case you do not really need to change/edit things into the pdf , you might want to take a look at moon+ reader pro for an alternative : this pro version also offers pdf support . and ( at least with epub , what i mostly use ) it handles bookmarks , annotations , highlights , and other whats-nots quite fine , including an index to look them up , and more .
so what you have sounds like one of two things . one , there is a software issue giving false readings off the temperature sensor . in order to diagnose this i would recommend installing a third party battery monitor which can monitor temperature . if this gives you a normal temperature you know its software and a factory reset should fix your problems . if it still is -20 than it could be hardware or just firmware level software . two , the temperature sensor could be broken or malfunctioning giving a false or default reading . either way if does not cause any problems a factory reset would either fix it or tell you what is wrong . let me know how it goes , i may have some other options for you if need be .
it looks like this is a physical problem with the camera - either the lens or ( more likely ) the glass that covers the lens . on a close inspection of the camera i can see a lot ( for the small area ) of dark specks on the inside of the outermost lens element . i do not know what is caused this , but it is this that is causing the reduction in quality of the images .
mr . portela has it right , and i figured out a way to solve the issue more quickly : select the misbehaving contact . long press the ' default ' email address . select ' clear default ' . voila . i am not sure what will happen when you try to email these contacts from now on , but at least calling works as intended .
tldr : i have found a solution work-around : go to google contacts in your browser and remove the emails from the contact ( you can put them in the notes to avoid losing them ) . let it sync with your phone . add emails back to the contact ( still from the browser ) . you can now do all the " mark as default " you want because it will keep calling correctly . long version : i decided to do some other experiments . i started by creating a contact specifically for this ( with 2 fake phone numbers and 2 fake emails ) and let it sync with my phone . used " mark as default " to select just the phone number . it kept working fine . then i selected the default email . thats when the phone started to try to make internet calls . to continue my experiments i needed to deselect the email ( which is not possible from the phone ) , so i went to google contacts from my browser and removed the emails and let it sync with my phone . i then re-added the emails . to my surprise the issue vanished completely for that contact . sure enough i did the same for my problematic contacts and everything is fine now . : )
perform a factory reset . but i doubt that this will fix your problems . sounds like they are caused by hardware .
generally speaking , no , clockworkmod ( and other custom recoveries ) do not backup your bootloader . you can physically look at your backup directory to verify this , but i have never seen a custom recovery that included a bootloader in the backups . what you typically get is : boot partition system partition data partition ( also /sdcard/.android_secure depending on the recovery/version ) sdext ( if you have it ) wimax partition ( if you have it ) the general rule is to make sure you have the correct hboot version before you restore a nandroid backup , and you had have to flash it separately .
this seems like a bug in one of the apps you use . best you can do is report it to their developers through the play store .
stock recovery 's do not offer this feature , you would need a custom recovery to backup and restore .
the avd is not in charge for real devices . there is a step-by-step tutorial from xamarin for nexus devices : http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/getting_started/installation/set_up_device_for_development/ http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/deployment,_testing,_and_metrics/debugging_with_xamarin_android/ if this will not work , try to stop your firewall .
the " v " in avd manager stands for virtual , which is your clue that this tool is only for managing virtual devices ( i.e. . emulator images ) , not real devices . accordingly , you should not expect your real device to show up there . you do not need to use avd manager at all for debugging , if you are using a real device : the tool you are using should just show a list of devices .
yes , it can be done but it requires root . you edit the device fingerprint in the build . prop file . here are details : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-spica/98024-protected-app-market-fix-tutorial-build-prop.html edit : for a more complete answer , see modify phone model in build . prop to purchase unsupported apps before i upgrade to a new phone ?
i am afraid , it might not be possible . first of all , the ideal requirement for ics to run on any phone is dual core processor , and your phone does not have good processor . secondly the ram , your phone has only 256mb of ram wherein for ics to work smoothly , it requires atleast 512mb ram .
long tap on the network you want to configure . then select ' modify network ' . scroll down and check ' show advanced settings '
look at /mnt/sdcard/download . and based on al 's comment , i suggest making sure your phone is not connected to your pc and then reboot the phone before looking there .
the samsung flavor of android ( and possibly others ? ) keeps the alerts accesible , but very well-hidden . click on the section of the bottom menu bar with the time , then slide up where it reads " settings " . the alerts are visible there .
the reason the op cannot see an app due to a message not available in your country is down to the very simple check on the sim card . each sim card has a carrier identification , and country code identification . when android powers up , the radio interface layer ( ril ) obtains the carrier and network information in which the baseband receives over the air , here is a small subset of an example taken from gingerbread source , apns-conf.xml notice the values for mcc , mnc , for spain for example , in this case , 214 , and 01 , 04 etc , that carrier information is transmitted across to the sim card and internally within android for reference . the play store , reads the phone state , and deduces the carrier information as a measure for " filtering " out apps based on the region/carrier . however , if the sim card is from the country of origin , for example , uk ( this also applies when roaming ) , android " remembers " the mcc and mnc and pushes that aside , and gets replaced with the preferential carrier 's network codes for the said values of mcc and mnc respectively when roaming , for example , spain . ( incidentally , as a side note , that is how auto-update of time-zones are supposedly to work , by looking up the mcc , and timezone , add on x minutes to the clock maintained by android ) . but that is in a nutshell , in how the play store determines what to show for that intended audience based on their respective network . there are work-arounds available , by faking the carrier code is one , market enabler does that exactly that . please see the other answer that was posted in how to get-around the limitations and work-arounds .
there is indeed an extension which does this . it is called phony and you should be able to find it if you use the addons search from within firefox mobile . after it is installed , you will get a new drop-down entry in your preferences menu where you can choose your user agent ( the most recent version actually has more choices than the picture below ) :
you need your tablet it be rooted for this . after rooting use scr screen recorder ( preferably the pro version ) to record your screen . there are many apps available but i found this the best
you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
your nexus 10 should be able to upgrade to the newest android 4.4 kitkat any day now . it has a new option to record the screen , but you need to be/know someone who has basic knowledge about the android sdk : http://developer.android.com/about/versions/kitkat.html#44-screen-recording since you did not accept an answer yet , hope this info still helps and i am not necromancing your thread . ; )
from wikipedia : 720p is the shorthand name for a category of hdtv video modes having a resolution of 1280×720 ( for a total of 0.92 megapixels or 921,600 pixels ) and a progressive scan . the number 720 stands for the 720 horizontal scan lines of display resolution ( also known as 720 pixels of vertical resolution ) , while the letter p stands for progressive scan or non-interlaced . when broadcast at 60 frames per second , 720p features the highest temporal ( motion ) resolution possible under the atsc and dvb standards . the samsung galaxy s is capable of recording 720p video from it is rear-facing camera . the nexus s is not ( max resolution of 720x480 ) .
its referring to the resolution that the video camera can record video in . 720p ( 1280×720 ) is a high definition resolution . apparently the maximum video resolution of the nexus s is only 720x480 which is standard definition . many new android handsets have the ability to record hd video which is why it would be something to complain about with the nexus s .
i had to rename the file first ( added . mp4 to the end ) . worked perfectly in mxplayer
go to the cache , and find the file that you want to play . there will be 2 files with the same name , one will be only a few kb , the other will be the video ( should be a few mb ) . long press on the file until you get the menu . then select " open as " , then " video " , then select a video player . i used the stock one that comes with the phone even though i have several others i thought i would try that first , and it worked first time ( this was on a galaxy s3 ) . if they play then copy them where you want , pc etc . you might need to rename the video files ( adding the .mp4 file extension ) .
go into Settings | Data usage . then in the Mobile tab , you will find a list of the applications that have recently used data . click on any of these applications and there will be a checkbox to restrict background data while the phone is using a mobile connection ( as opposed to wifi ) . i am not aware of a way to control the sync frequency .
im also looking for a similar app . i will try root firewall .
yes , it does cost you more power . the transceiver circuit is engineered with power saving in mind and will reduce sending power as much as possible if the reception is good . this also reduces the sar value which is a measurement for exposure of the human body to radiation . if the reception is bad sending signal strength has to be adjusted accordingly . additionally : the underlying protocols are also designed to retransmit packages in case of a corrupted transmission . this might have an extra impact on your battery too .
cell signal to add to ce4 's answer : you can check that for yourself . if you take a look at your battery stats ( they are always at a little different place in the system menu : sometimes in the main menu , other times under phone info ) , it lists the apps which used most of your battery . one of the highest consumers in there is most likely your display -- and close to it you will find an item cell standby ( sometimes called phone standby ) . this describes how much battery was used to " keep the signal " . check that in times of good reception versus those of bad reception and see how much it differs . network stuff this can even be " multiplied " if you have many apps running services to poll information from the net permanently -- like email apps using imap idle , or some social chat app keeping a push connection . it looks like the same is happening here : it tries hard to keep the connection , and thus pushes the cell radio further . due to the bad reception , the connection gets slow , and those services keep longer " wake locks " ( keeping the cpu alive to complete their task ) , which again eats battery . how to find out if your reception was good ? the system does in fact provide this information ( at least from android 2.3/gingerbread on ) , in the very same battery statistics mentioned before . on top of the first page you find a small graph 1 : tap on it , it brings up a bigger one 2 . the screenshots are in german , but you still can tell the details : in the first 1 , you see the cell standby titled " mobilfunk-standby " right next to the display , as said before . on top of that is mentioned " mini-graph " . that tapped brings you to the page where you find the second image 2 at the bottom . here take a look at the first graph , titled telefonsignal ( phone signal ) . " the greener the cleaner": a bright green means " good reception " ( the screenshot shows this at the begin and end , that is here : morning and evening -- so at home i have good reception ) . getting yellowish : " moderate reception " . this uses more energy : compare it with the graph on top of it ( not in the screenshot -- but the same as in the first screenshot ) , and you see the bar is almost flat where the cell signal is good -- but falls faster where it is not . see the little red spots : " no reception " . and phone will power-up like crazy to find a new cell tower . . . how to find out where the dead spots are ? here we need to use 3rd party tools . i will mention two of them here : no signal alert 3 and opensignalmaps 4 . both can alert you when entering a " dead zone": no signal alert lets you view a log of cell state changes , plus can show you a map of where the dead zones were 3 . opensignalmaps has the plus of showing you all cell towers in reach 4 , pointing out which you are connected to . it also offers you a " compass " giving the direction to the strongest signal . how to automatically deal with those dead zones ? there are some little helpers available which watch your signal . if it drops or gets lost , they simply switch the radio off ( so it cannot further power up searching a non-existing signal ) -- and periodically activate it again to check whether the situation has improved . one of them is battery saver 5 , which also lets you define profiles so you can easily switch other things like wifi . then there are more powerful " automaters " like e.g. greenpower free battery saver 6 , which even manage a lot more . and these two are not the only ones . . .
you can not . rim 's pin system and bbm are proprietary . you can only communicate with a blackberry user via pin messages or bbm if you have a blackberry . get a new bold 9900 / 9930 , they are great ! full disclosure : i work for rim . this is not an official statement from rim either , this is me speaking as a user in my off time at home . i honestly think the new bold is the best bb yet .
most darky 's packages i have seen are your normal update . zip variety that are flashed through recovery , so you should be good to go . if it is an odin package it should say so &mdash ; always vet your sources ( here 's a good one ) . i see no reason to believe flashing from cm would be a problem either unless it messed with your partitions . if you have problems you can always odin to stock and then root , install clockworkmod , and flash darky 's again . the whole process only takes a couple minutes . ( so if you are concerned , go right ahead and odin to stock , it costs you nothing ; just save your backups to a pc first . )
that is not duplicates . if you are the " device owner " , /storage/emulated/0/ is your storage area ( where your files etc . reside ) . /storage/emulated/legacy/ is a symbolic link , always pointing to the logged-in user 's storage . that is , if you are the device owner , and you are logged in , both locations are identical . if some apps show the contained files as " dupes " , they obviously have problems interpreting symlinks . while for the gallery , this sounds pretty strange ( if we are talking about the stock gallery , and not a 3 rd party app ) : the very same android developers who designed the multi-user capabilities should have been aware of that . still , this is not the first time i heard about it . i cannot find the other issue currently , but a solution is as follows : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , and scroll to the gallery app . open its entry , tap " clear cache " and " delete data " . tap the back key , and repeat the same for the " media storage " app . do not be afraid about losing data : the media scanner will re-collect them at its next run . you can trigger the scan by either . . . powering off/on the device ( bah ! ) going to settings&rarr ; storage and safely remove the sdcard , then mount it again ( ok for one-time use : ) using a helper app like e.g. sdrescan or rescan sd card ! ( if you need it more often ) once the media scanner is finished , all your media should re-appear in the gallery app . hopefully without the " dupes " : )
espier launcher is very much like ios . it has similar icon types , and it does not separate the home screen from the app drawer . it is also discussed here ( and is , in fact , how i heard about it ) .
since you have already rooted and flashed your rom , you can give the miui rom a go , see http://en.miui.com/ i feel that is sort of the iphone feel rom for android . . . no app drawer , newly installed apps get put onto the next available space on your screens . folders to organise etc . even the settings look iphone-ish .
try this forum titled " iphone launcher and apps " . credit to amitmiz ( : warning : it is slightly laggy but its as close to imitating the iphone launcher as i have seen .
for contacts , the best way is to sync them to your gmail account . settings-> accounts and sync then when you add the same account on the new phone , it will sync them automatically . for settings without root , i am not sure . if you are willing to root , titanium backup is very good . it will save the settings onto the sd card . then with the new phone , install the application and you should be able to restore the settings off the same sd card .
if you go in " menu " -> " settings " -> " privacy " there is an option " back up my data " that is provided by google . i cannot say what data is backed up with this option but i guess email settings and device settings will be . and as mentioned in another reply if you sync your phone with a google account your contacts will be moved to the new device as soon as you log in . also if you have some applications that do not save to the cloud but you want to keep the data , there is usually an export functionality ( check in the options menu of the applications ) to keep the data into a file that you can import on the new device . after doing all of this , last time i moved my content to a new phone , the only thing that i lost was the sms history but i did not really want to keep it anyway . i know there are some backup applications that support sms history and do not need root access .
there are some projects that have gotten livesuit to work on linux , such as this website and details in this forum . most of what i could find focused on a10 chipsets , but a13 is close enough that it might work ( of course , you will have to find a13 specific roms ) . the second link also shows how to manually install drivers . since you did not specify your exact model , you may have to modify the directions somewhat to work with your device . the easiest solution , of course , is to get access to a windows box . a year ago , linux support was not so good , so i had to borrow someone 's computer for a bit to flash my allwinner a13 tablet . even more restrictive is the ability to generate your own rom images . i could not find anything that would work on linux , so i was stuck using windows to upgrade my tablet * to android 4.1 . *i wrote this post .
can not find an app so far . smart app protector seems best we can do
encryption of saved data ( the data on flash storage ) is a feature of android 4.0 and higher . the only non-4.0-device i am aware of that allows full flash storage encryption is the lenovo thinkpad tablet . encryption of connection data ( data that goes over the wire ) was a big security concern in some android versions . google has released some updated versions of the affected apps , but it is unkown if they where dispatched on every device . iirc most fixes got into 2.3.5 , but i can not find the source atm - googles disclosure policy is not so good . here are some good resources about this topic : the insecurity of google 's clientlogin protocol what android sync'd data is encrypted ? ungesicherte einsichten ( german ) ( "unsecure insights" )
rocking shortcuts ( lite ) sounds like it does exactly what you are asking about , except that rather than using short-click/long-click it uses single-click/double-click on the volume rocker to control your music . if you only want to go to the next song , and do not often go back then the more specialised next song should do exactly this with no need for any configuration or options . it is not quite what you are asking about , but assuming that you are listening to your music through headphones then an app like headset button controller ( trial ) or headset droid ( trial ) has some very similar functionality but they use the button on a wired headset , rather than the volume controls .
in settings we can allow mock/proxy locations in android .
enable mocklocations from settings and use any application eg . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lexa.fakegpshl=en
you cannot install an over-the-air ( ota ) update from the manufacturer or carrier if you have clockworkmod recovery installed , even if you disable the signature verification . you will need to return to the stock recovery console and stock rom ( if you are currently running a custom rom ) first , and then go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; About -&gt; System Updates and re-start the update process . keep in mind that you will lose root once the ota is installed , and you will have to re-root your phone all over again . alternatively , you can see if there is a custom rom available for your phone that is based on the same android version as the ota , such as cyanogenmod . i would start at xda-developers forums for your phone . in either case , it is very likely that you will need to wipe your device 's internal memory also ( which erases all of your installed apps and settings , ) so do not forget to backup what you want to keep .
if it is a wall charger with plugs that match your outlets , the input range should be covered . normal usb chargers are 5 v at up to 1.8 ma . the voltage is the main concern -- standard usb ports for pcs only go up to 900 ma , which is why they charge slower . you can see the usb power specs on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usb#power ( in sum , any usb charger that you can trust to do what it says on its specs should work fine . a crappy no-name charger might lie , but two samsung chargers should be 100% interchangeable . )
caution : does not use tasker . take a look at [ whatsapp ] scheduler root beta . it lets you schedule messages , and also lets you specify the frequency ( once , every minutes , hourly , daily , weekly , monthly , anually , steps ) . requires root access .
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
it is better if you do not manually delete stuff , unless you can recognize the package names for the apps you want to remove . though it sounds hilarious to install an app to get rid of apps , apps2sd will neatly list out whatever apps are on the sd card or can be moved between that and the internal memory , so you can make a list of the apps you do not want and manually uninstall them . speaking of key folders , here are a couple of common ones- dcim - this stores camera photos . attachments - default save location for gmail attachments . download - default file download location . data - stores app specific data . if you have games that download additional data , they may store that here . this is based off my sd card - most of the other folders i have seen are app specific . update - some phones have a camera directory , with dcim under it , so look for both .
you can find a detailed guide with screenshots and all here . it is done with odin . step 1: install odin v1.85 on your computer then download and unrar the lite'ning rom rar file . step 2: make sure that your phone is in usb debugging mode : settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging . step 3: reboot your phone into download mode . to do so : turn the device off , then power it on again by pressing and holding the volume down + home + power on simultaneously . step 4: start odin . step 5: connect the phone to your computer using the usb cable . step 6: wait a few seconds , the odin screen will show that a device is now connected . . . added ! ! make sure that in odin nothing is checked , except the " auto reboot " and " f . reset time " checkboxes . press the " pda " button , and select the md5 file . press " start " . odin will now flash the lite'ning rom , after flashing your phone should reboot . step 7: done ! now you have a fully rooted sgs ii with the lite'ning rom installed !
bit of a kludge , but you could create a web page which sends you to wikipedia and has an icon according to your taste , and bookmark that .
this is a slightly convoluted workaround , but you could use my app showr . it lets you add any image to your home screen , and one of the actions it can perform is launching a web page of your choice when clicked . you could add a showr widget to your home screen , set it to use any wikipedia icon of your choice ( whether it is already saved to your phone , or by giving it the url of an icon to download ) , and set it to launch wikipedia ( in your browser ) when clicked . showr is a free download from google play .
appereantly , you have to define an " access point name " in order for your mobile data to work . in settings => wireless and networks => mobile networks => access point names => menu => new apn the settings vary by operator , you can find the israeli ones here .
as long as your tablet is running android 4.1 or newer then there are a number of music players that can put player controls in the notification area on your device . this is so that you can just access the notification bar while you are running another app , without exiting the original app . i have not got a screenshot handy of how it looks on a tablet , but here 's an example of one on a phone : try searching the play store for something like mp3 notification bar controls
starting with version 6 , deduplication support has been built into clockworkmod recovery . the blobs directory folder contains a hashed directory structure that holds the deduplicated files across all backups . see the developer 's google+ post for more , in short : tl ; dr : clockworkmod recovery now deduplicates files between builds . this results in way smaller backups . do not delete /sdcard/clockworkmod/blobs
maybe you forget install the android usb driver , look this : http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html and http://developer.android.com/sdk/oem-usb.html#installingdriver when you finish this work , if it also dont work , please try get your device specialized driver .
you should be able to do this by going to Settings => Repeat while the video is playing and enable it . ( source )
the stock video player on the s3 does not have this functionality . you can achieve it by installing another video app such as vlc for android .
no , the droid is a cdma phone . in general you can assume that phones on verizon and sprint will not work on at and t or t-mobile , and vice-versa .
you may want to try 3rd-party keyboard apps that support transliteration of physical keyboards . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and with the appropriate language pack ( e . g . french with has the azerty layout ) it will transliterate physical keyboard as well .
jays headset control . works perfdectly on my htc desire hd with house of marley exodus headset which controls are made for iphone-ipod - playing default music player , poweramp , 3 , ds audio , youtube , tune in radio , jazz radio , etc , etc . wonderful ! i have read in the review it also works perfectly on htc one x , htc incredible s , htc sensation , sgs2 , sony experia s .
apps like headset button controller are the most likely to do what you ask . that said the headphones you use have to be hardware compatible with the android device you are using . my sennheiser mm50 's are designed for iphone but work on my google nexus s and htc incredible s , so i would expect the same to be true of other iphone compatible headphones and android devices . that said , the mm50 's do exhibit different behaviour on either phone ( e . g . press on nexus mutes the call as i would like , but on incredible it ends the call - grrr ) .
after rooting you will still be left with stock android just with elevated privileges as you have said . remember , your data will be wiped , so i would recommend doing a backup first ! if a new os update comes along you will not be able to install via the normal over the air method , but you can still download the update manually and flash it via twrp . if you take a look here you can see all the other things you gain by rooting .
most rooting method will also install recovery rom . having a custom recovery is important in rooted phones because rooting enabled ways to potentially destroy your phone in a way totally unrecoverable by root privilege alone . recovery allows you to bail out if anything goes wrong .
from what i have read , the only photos that are backed up are those in the folder named " dcim/camera " , which should include photos from your camera . if you move other photos there ( e . g . downloaded , etc . ) , they should be backed up .
the most comprehensive list i have seen its available on the rootcloak website , towards the bottom . . . http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.devadvance.rootcloak
the bookmarks would be synced to google servers if the browser is signed in . then try clearing the cache of the app . uninstall any updates to the app to see if that is causing the issue . if it still crashes , clear the app data , but if the bookmarks are not synced they will be erased
ics or jelly bean cannot work on this particular phone due to hardware limitations , and many roms like cyanogenmod etc . are designed for the international version , not the korean version , thus you will have some problems . my recommendation to you is to use kies to go back to the latest samsung released gingerbread , root , then use a custom kernel ( tegrak is my personal choice ) to get a lagfix . it will hopefully breathe new life into your phone . hope this helps . also note there're many apps for gingerbread that give you the feel and performance of ics , such as gallery ics , camera ics , and ics launcher . aside from being unable to run chrome , you may not notice any difference .
apparently , this is also an animation issue . according to an answer for my dialer app , setting the animation to . 5x fixes a lot of spacing/hiding issues on the phone . to fix it , do the following : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x many props to abid rahman k for figuring it out !
this is most likely due to a licensing issue . you should uninstall swype and then use the swype installer to install it again .
you do not say anything about what phone or android version you currently have . but android 4.2 includes now a swype-like gestual typing keyboard . there is a downloadable version for you to install , if your phone supports it . try out the new android 4.2 keyboard now !
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
there is no way to do this natively in the settings of android , as you have noticed . however , there is an app on the android market called " wifi static " that should help you with what you are looking for .
the file you downloaded " cf-auto-root-jflte-jfltexx-gti9505 . tar . md5" is not designed for the device you are trying to use it on . gt-i9505 is the international model , and is different from your at and t model sgh-i337 . any rooting methods must be tailored for your exact device model . i recommend heading to the section dedicated to your specific device on xda-developers forums and reading up on guides and how-to 's . specifically , this post lists several rooting methods , depending on your phone 's currently installed firmware/baseband version .
app developers have the ability to do a staged roll-out of updates to their apps through google play store . this means that a small percentage of users ( chosen randomly ) receives the update first . the developer can gauge the feedback , and then proceed to a wide roll-out until they reach 100% of their install base . it is possible that the latest version of this particular app was recently released in such a staged roll-out . one of your phones was randomly selected to be in the initial stage , while the other was not . there is nothing for you to do , other than wait for the roll-out to complete . as comments suggest , you can also attempt to sync the app manually by retrieving it from one phone and installing it on the other . this requires installation of usb drivers for your phone on your computer , and a copy of android sdk . if you are rooted , you can get the apk of the app using adb pull /data/app/&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk c:\ command , and then connect the other phone and do adb install -r c:\&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk . on unrooted devices you may want to look into adb backup utility which allows you to generate an .ab file which contains the apk of the app , along with its data . for example , the command adb backup -f c:\Skype.ab -apk com.skype.raider creates " skype . ab " file on my c : drive that contains the skype app and its data . i can then use adb restore c:\Skype.ab command to restore the app with the data . optionally , you can clear the data for the app from your other phone in settings -> apps . the difficulty is locating the package name of the app you want to back up . although package names are usually descriptive enough , sometimes they can be quite cryptic . fortunately , play store itself has the package name in the url . in your example , the app out of milk is located at the following url : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.capigami.outofmilk . the portion of this url after " id=" is the package name . in this case it is com . capigami . outofmilk . so your backup command becomes adb backup -f c:\OutOfMilk.ab -apk com.capigami.outofmilk .
to partially answer my own question , the cid is a unique identifier assigned to the sd card at manufacture time . it is stored in a special register which is accessed using the SEND_CID command . from page 93 of part 1 physical layer simplified specification : the card identification ( cid ) register is 128 bits wide . it contains the card identification information used during the card identification phase . every individual read/write ( rw ) card shall have a unique identification number . the cid therefore does not change when the card is formatted , and will be reported the same regardless of which device the card is plugged into . the card does have an mbr partition table , and the goldcard image is inserted into the code area of the mbr ( between 0x000 and 0x1b7 ) . there is therefore no direct interaction with the fat32 filesystem . the first 128 bytes of the image are null however , and so it does not seem to actually be executable .
seems like you are trying to play files with the default music player . just try using some other music player from the google play store . if that does not help , then i guess you should check your files . maybe there is something in the files that is preventing android to behave the way it should . just guessing .
i think you have caught yourself out , in short , nothing you can do ! have a look at this source that explains why , specifically in this section : system partition and safe mode the system partition contains android 's kernel as well as the operating system libraries , application runtime , application framework , and applications . this partition is set to read-only . when a user boots the device into safe mode , only core android applications are available . this ensures that the user can boot their phone into an environment that is free of third-party software . keywords is free of third-party software edit : when android boots up , it keeps a cache of the logcat , in a temporary buffer that is reserved found in /dev/log . that buffer gets recycled when it hits the threshold , obviously , the bigger the threshold , the slower android gets with the continual spamming into the logcat buffer hence kept to minimum - iirc , its around 64k : #define DEFAULT_LOG_ROTATE_SIZE_KBYTES 16 #define DEFAULT_MAX_ROTATED_LOGS 4  source : system/core/logcat/logcat.cpp do not ask how many lines that can be , as to each and to every app , its different . not alone that , the logcat disappears upon reboot !
not the best answer but maybe the information will be some what useful . the only method i am aware of that contains a log produced by the system after a reboot is /proc/last_kmsg . whether or not the kernel keeps this log file after a reboot , depends on settings provided during kernel compilation . my experience has shown that some stock devices ( htc ) have this logging enabled and others do not . i have not seen a consistent pattern .
go to the messages inbox - then on the phone panel near the home key click on the message key - it will show you three options ( setting , memory status and delet threads ) - click on setting- scroll down to notification and it will show you cell broadcasts- click on cell broadcast and unclick on all the notifications shown and voila it works .
put your sim in another mobile . select the channels in cell broadcast in other mobile and delete all of them . if channels are not enabled , then first enable them and then delete . put the sim back in your xolo q500 . your problem will now be resolved .
for the images , you should ramp up the " size to retrieve " value . most images are in the ten or hundreds of kilobytes . for the sync- the first thing you should try is -- from the homescreen , menu> settings> accounts and sync> and ensure that sync is enabled for the email client . -however- you may not have a version of the stock email client that supports the exchange push protocol . ( such a thing used to exist , although i am fairly sure all stock mail clients support exchange , nowadays ) or else , you may need to remove the account and manually re-add it as an account that uses " exchange " - hth !
i have done some research and it seems to be an oddity of the tablet . when you do ' move to sd ' whats happening is its moving data to another part of the -internal- sdcard . you can not move apps to the external one e.g. http://yatse.leetzone.org/redmine/boards/2/topics/259#.utfgxxyen8e thanks anyway
your question is bit unclear to me . still i am trying to answer . almost all the android phones these days ( including galaxy nexus - gnex ) have a micro-usb charging and data-syncing port . so they can be connected to your computer using a micro-usb to standard usb cable . like most other phones , gnex also comes with a micro-usb to standard usb cable and a wall charger . you can use wall power or your computer to charge your phone . and if you want to see exactly what charger comes with the gnex , checkout any of the tonnes of unboxing videos avaliable on youtube !
link2sd can not put the whole app to the ext partition . there is always a little part that takes the memory . use simple2ext . there you can select which folder to move to ext . after rebooting the whole dir will be placed at ext , and linked ( mounted ) to the internal memory . ( mount has a mode when you write into the shared folder it will be mergred into the mounted folder ) it seems like it is internal but not . : )
" online " means that viber is running in the foreground or background ( the user is available for calls or messages ) . when the phone has no internet connection , or the user manually used the " exit " option inside viber , this changes their status to " last online at . . . " in some cases , depending on the mobile kernel and software , the user uses something like power saving mode , so after the idle time , the wifi is turned off or some background application is turn off . . . so viber is turned off , your bf 's viber state is also offline .
the touchwiz memo app has been ported to ics , you can grab it on xda ( this is in the vibrant xda forum sub-section , but it works on other phones ) . this app works on jb too , you simply have to install it as a regular apk ( not in system/app )
there is not a native notes app for the nexus s because it does not have touchwiz ui . i am quite certain the voice action ' note to self ' actually sends an email to yourself ( i do not personally use that action , not sure it likes a british accent ) there are loads of third party apps though . for example scribb . it is full to the bursting with features , ak notepad is quite a good simple one or evernote has a strong following and quite a few more features .
go to settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings press menu and choose advanced . click wi-fi sleep policy and make sure never is selected . this might help your wifi connection remain connected . these are available on my samsung spica running v2.1 ( eclair ) .
i would say your best bet is to set your phone so when wifi is turned on then 3g is disabled . i am running cyanogenmod and the built in power widget offers an option to turn off 3g automatically when the wifi is turned on . i do not remember if this was part of the stock android , but i will bet it is part of the custom rom . that being said there are a number of apps that will toggle off the 3g when the wifi is on ( like network switcher ) . the drawback to this is that you had have to toggle data manually when you have your wifi on but are not in range of any networks . if all the waps that you use are known to you , you can use y5 - battery saver to automatically turn wifi on and off when you are in and out of range to know networks . you can also do this with tasker .
here installer for easy installation or widget only for manual installation installation instruction prerequisites : you must be rooted you must be able to write to /system/app/ folder . usb debugging is a " secure " setting , so this widget must be installed as a system apps . it will not work if you install to the standard install location even in rooted device . easy instruction ( recommended ) nico have written an easy-to-use installer to automate installation to /system/app/ ; download it here and run the installer app . add the widget to your home screen like regular widget . manual installation if the easy instruction does not work , try the manual installation : download adbwidget . apk and save it to your computer copy adbwidget . apk to /system/app method 1 -- using android debug bridge ( adb ) remount /system/app to read-write ( see additional instructions section below ) adb push ADBWidget-x.x.apk /system/app/ADBWidget.apk ( replace x . x with the appropriate version number ) remount /system/app to read-only method 2 -- using recovery 's update . zip ( have not been tested yet ) method 3 -- using root explorer ( have not been tested yet ) add adbwidget to your home screen upgrade instruction if you are upgrading from a previous version , you do not need to do all of the above again . you can simply install an update on regular application directory by using regular installation methods ( e . g . opening the apk from a file explorer ) . as long as there is a previous version of the widget in the /system/app directory with the same signing key ( i.e. . my key , if you used the apk download above ) , android will give the updated version in /data/app the same permission . usage instruction click on the widget to toggle usb debugging . blue usb icon means that usb debugging is inactive , red usb icon means that usb debugging is enabled . uninstall instruction since the widget is installed to /system/app , you cannot remove it using standard application uninstaller . so , simply delete the . apk from /system/app . su remount /system as read write rm /system/app/ADBWidget.apk remount /system as read only  additional instruction remounting /system/ as read-write open " terminal emulator " or " adb shell " get root permission , type su get the device name , type mount | grep /system you should see something similar to : /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; on /system type rfs (ro,codepage=utf8,vfat,fcache(blks)=128,xattr,check=no) take note of the &lt;device-name&gt; , and type : mount -o remount,rw /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system remounting /system/ as read-only step 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 same as above type : mount -o remount,ro /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system troubleshooting sometimes the widget froze and do not responds to clicks . if this happens , removing and re-adding the widget usually will fix the problem . note do not complain about the ugly default icon and widget button , but if you can send me a better icon/widget image , i would be happy to add it . now we have an icon , thanks to @jay . do not trust strangers that asks you to install an application to /system/app tested on samsung spica i5700 spicagenmod froyo .
if you have 2.1 or above you can use the drop down notification area to quickly disable debug mode . sadly that is all i got , turning it on will have to be done manually . i searched and was unable to find a widget .
there is work in progress to add support for tasks in caldav-sync . check this out : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3ijc6icbiq
looks like this might be hardware , but not broken hardware . edit : see comments below , but i suspect this is actually the tag hardware i was using and not the phone hardware causing the problem . this appears to be a design flaw with the nexus 4 and i would absolutely love to hear from any other nexus 4 owners who use nfc tags . i managed to get it to work consistently with some tags at home ( i.e. . not broken hardware ) . the only tags i can get to work though are " sticker " tags . the other tags i have are wrapped in some kind of hard plastic enamel to protect them from damage and allow you to carry them on a keychain etc . . . ( also some which are specially designed to work near metal and other sources of interference , they did not work , i assume because they are also thicker than paper ) . any nfc tag that was made of the thicker plastic ( i.e. . not a pure sticker ) would not scan , i am thinking this has to do with range . i could get them to scan somewhat inconsistently so i know the tags were ok ( also tested on other phone ) . they also scanned better when i removed the back cover , but this cover is literally 1mm thick . maybe 1.5mm . it is a ringke slim . so i have to conclude there is something internal to the nexus 4 that is ruining the range . seems like a massive oversight , but what other conclusion can you draw from the results i have so far ? will update if i learn more . does anyone have a nexus 4 and use a thicker nfc tag ( basically anything that is not paper thin ) ? if so , let me know , otherwise i will accept this answer in a few days .
i found the solution : check the virtualbox version and go to their website and update the extension pack . this is on a fedora 20 system and after updating the virtualbox " extension pack " and uninstalling all the all the " universal serial bus controllers " drivers in " device manager " of the guest ( windows 7 ) , and then shutting down the guest and rebooting the host . everything is back to normal and working . yei
ok so i am going to take a small leap here and assume you were trying to root your device . here is what you need to know : soft-brick symptoms you can immediately tell that you have a soft-bricked phone if it turns on but does not really ' turn on ' . you will see some kind of boot loader screen that will prompt you to connect your phone to your computer and start a transfer . sometimes a soft-brick will look like a hard-brick ( see below ) , in this case you can plug your device into your computer and see if you can connect to it . if you can connect to it and transfer over a new rom , then your device is soft-bricked . what is it ? this word is actually miss used all over the internet . when a device is ' bricked ' , that means that the system can boot up but it can not launch the operating system because it has been erased/corrupted . a soft-bricked device is actually not the worst thing in the world , all you have to do is flash it with a new rom and you are good to go ! make sure the rom you are trying to flash the device with goes with the exact device . ' close ' only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades . hard-brick symptoms you can tell that a device is hard-bricked if you try to turn it on or charge it and you get no response . if you cannot launch the boot loader with the special combination ( usually power button along with up volume and menu button ) then it is probably a hard-brick . make sure you have determined that your power source and your battery are functioning properly before you jump to this conclusion . what is it ? a device that is hard bricked is almost useless . there is almost nothing you can do to get it back unless you have professional experience in hardware hacking . basically what you need to do is make your own ' jig ' that flashes the device rom with a new boot loader . once the boot loader is flashed , then you have your backdoor . you can then boot up the phone and flash it . i will be completely honest with you , you have 2 options if your device has been hard-bricked : try to get a new one through your warranty ( which is now void ) on your device if it is not expired . if you try to do this and you get caught you will have to pay the full price of the device and your carrier will get very angry with you . if you get away with it , you have a new phone and the phone carriers get to sell your phone as a refurbished phone . pay someone to j-tag it for you . depending on which device you have , it can cost as low as $40 . i do not recommend this method because if they decide that they want to keep your phone ( especially if you are shipping to canada or asia ) there is nothing you can do and you are sol with no phone and $40 missing out of your pocket . the internet is full of people with your exact same problem . a quick google search will give you answers to most of your questions . for samsung device users specifically samsung devices can usually be forced into download mode using a jig . they are pretty simple and cheap to make . if your device has been soft-bricked this will almost always work . if your device is hard-bricked this method will not work , i have tried .
no it is not possible . even if you send him a message without him adding you as a contact the first thing he will see is your number .
open joined contact > menu button > mark as default > chose account , name , phone . thats all .
i installed vlingo and i switched over to that as the input method and i no longer have the above issues .
you want to check out android x86 project . they have documentation and installation instruction for installing an android on a regular laptop/desktop .
for some reason this just worked itself out . one day i did " update phonebook " in the bluetooth menu , and then everyone showed up . before that , i thought i was going to have to remove my wife , brother , mom , etc , from favorites to get them to show up in the car 's bluetooth menu . so , if this happens to you , try " update phonebook " in your vw/audi bluetooth menu .
android 4.4 allows you to view recent requests - this is probably the closest you can get . . . this probably exists in prior versions too , i just do not have a device with jb to test it with . you get there from settings-> location
no it doesnt trigger knox and try another computer to fix the connection error , happened to me
yes . it is possible to flash android devices under linux . the fact is that android does not need drivers - both adb and fastboot use libusb and talk to the devices directly . your main concern should be finding compatible fastboot binary - some oems use proprietary fastboot extensions to handle certain functions . obviously you can not expect to be able to follow the windows tutorial under linux . fortunately for you unrevoked ( the tool used in the tutorial you linked ) has a linux version as well .
turns out it was the micro-usb cable i was using to connect the kindle to my laptop . once i found my uber quality asus cable , progress began . . . now the os atleast properly detecting the device , and loading it as a mass usb storage device . dmesg : however , adb devices now gave : List of devices attached ???????????? no permissions  to get adb to properly list the device , and be able to connect to it , please see this solution on so : stackexchange-url
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
you need to create a port forwarding to your android device . this can be done with adb . for example : run adb forward tcp:12345 tcp:23456 and then use the uri http://localhost:12345 to access the server running on port 23456 in the emulator . note that some ports are reserved for android and some can only be used after rooting , so i would suggest using high ports ( > 20000 ) if you can .
text edit works well for me . the main screen 's menu has new file , save , save as , open and recent , with a sensible set of options .
classic notes lite is great for all of these things . it supports multiple fonts , the default menu is recent files , and it is very light and fast . i have been using it for a while now and it is my favorite by far . lots of good options in the menus too ; )
i use jota text editor , though it does not appear to have a recent documents feature .
i believe you need the stock recovery , based on http://2chnull.info/r/smartphone/1292830738/801-900 . you can get back to stock recovery easily , for example follow this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
you should not need to restart after freezing an app . once you freeze the app , it should disappear from the apps drawer .
freezing an app is similar to uninstalling it , in that it will not be able to run ( whether by the user wanting to load it or via any intents ) . however , since it is frozen and not actually uninstalled , it does still take up space . if you freeze a system app , you may have to reboot your phone . this usually is not needed , but sometimes your home screen app may have a problem with a system app missing . whether or not you reboot , though , the system app is frozen and will not be able to run . a user app , however , can be frozen without needing a reboot .
no , the droidx can not run custom kernels . " it is still impossible to flash custom kernels on the droid x , but the rom developer community has matured to a point where they’re able to make great things happen on this phone without having to rely on changes to the kernel . "
a friend just recommended call control to me for this very reason . i am starting to get spam calls on my cell phone and it disgusts me . plus there is a black list feature as well .
try true caller , it comes up with the preloaded blacklist and spammer numbers and keeps on updating . . it has some interersting features too . .
i think it is a recent accuweather update that displays the weather when you go back on your home menu . it is really annoying as when you click on the " home " button , it brings you back to that page and not the actual menu , which means you can not navigate between applications without clicking the back button all the way . i think i may have fixed it the brute force way , however . i do not care about the accuweather app , so i just went in the setting-> applications-> all menu and deactivated accuweather altogether . you get a warning message telling you that deactivating built-in apps may interfere with other applications , but i hardly think that accuweather is necessary for your phone to work .
the rooting method for the t-mobile g2 / htc desire z unlocks the sim lock on the modem , but this is device specific .
orange san francisco aka zte blade , the popular handset among the rom modders , head over to modaco ' s thread to get the unlock code generator , it is free , simple to use .
to unlock you phone for free you can root it . but it is at your own risk . i found this guide but do not know if it works for you .
basically you have to compile android for that device with its drivers . example of compilation process . an older example from the official dev site for building 1.6 for the g1 . devices like the n1 and g1 ( dev phones ) let you easily put these images on your phone after compilation , because that is what they were made for ( unlockable and hackable ) . i believe their drivers are in the official android source ( i could be wrong , but they are easily available ) . all other devices do not come unlocked , so first you have to unlock ( root ) your phone to be able to write anything else to it . i have never compiled android or a rom , so i can not give you much more details than this . essentially there are proprietary binaries ( the drivers ) that are also needed for each specific android phone in order to get it to run on that device . so you either have to get those drivers from the vendor or write them yourself .
it is up to the manufacturer of the device to provide the appropriate and functional drivers for any hardware on their device . unfortunately , many of them also like to add their own ui ( often poorly designed and implemented ) . this is the case with the tapui from all i have heard . this is not a problem with android . it is a problem with viewsonic .
in latest swype beta ( version 1.0.3.5809 ) , there is an option Personal Dictionary in swype settings . it is an easy gui way to manage swype user dictionary .
so far , it seems like this dictionary has eluded people all over . there are a few things that have worked for most people as far as getting swype under control . to delete a single word , type it using swype , highlight it ( by clicking or double clicking the word ) , and press the swype key ( button with " info " icon ) to add a word , type it very carefully letter by letter and press the swype key to save it to the dictionary to batch add multiple words to the dictionary ( this has been tested and worked ) , type the words you wish to add in a text document ( either on your phone or on your computer and then view it on your phone ) . highlight the block of text and push the swype key . this should add every word in the block to the dictionary .
the sdhc ( high-capacity ) card family have a capacity of 4 gb to 32 gb http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secure_digital https://www.sdcard.org/developers/tech/sdhc/
when you say memory do you mean storage capacity ? as far as im aware there is no way to increase the 1gb memory it is supplied with . edit : this site states 32gb expansion limit for sd card , which seems like its porbably correct : http://www.techwench.com/asus-eee-pad-transformer-review/
limit of the internal reader is that of sdhc format : 32gb . but afaik , card slots on the transformer dock is sdxc compliant , so , limit is 2tb ( theoretical )
there is another service run by a forensics company called viaforensics : appwatchdog . apps have a hard time there getting certified for being " absolutely secure " -- so do not get scared if you see only few green check marks , check the details as well ; most times a yellow mark is still fine at least for private users .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
while it does not rate the app , privacy inspector can scan the app after you have downloaded it and provide a detailed report .
i had to rebuild my phone after a firmware update ; in doing so , i skipped over a lot of the junk that i would previously installed . the upshot is that i no longer suffer this problem ( nor several others that had crept in ) . while it could be the software update that was the solution , i suspect that it was more likely that the clean install that did the trick . on the plus side , the problem has disappeared ; on the negative side , we do not know what the solution is .
this differs from carrier to carrier . some will be sim-locked , some are not . you will have to ask your carrier . it has nothing to do with the os .
did you set the phone to charge only after plugging it in ? if not go into settings and there should be an option like " connet to pc " . click that and change the default setting to charge only . see if that helps . if not power off the phone and computer and disconnect cable . then power both back up and wait for both to fully boot . then plug in phone . see if that helps .
as you may already know , you can only access those files with root , i.e. if your device is rooted . i can copy and paste the file to another location , but i think this may change the nature of the file . whut ? no , copying a file will not change the file contents . they will be the same as of the time the copy process is started . ideally , you should make sure that no process has a open write/append file handle to the file , by killing the relevant processes ( e . g . com.myapplication )
as izzy suggested ; did you try an ftp client ? andftp turbo ftp client and sftp client ftp client wm ftp client greyhound ftp client i have only used andftp before and it worked fine so i can recommend that one .
androphp looks like it'll fill your needs quite nicely . you can . . . deply dynamic php content serve pages over lan use a mysql database heck , this'd be awesome for all sorts of events . have people whip out their phones , navigate to your locally hosted signup form , etc , then export the mysql tables out later .
that unfortunately needs some 3 rd party app , as there is no " native " feature included with android . apps you might wish to check for this purpose include : androphp ( already described by dotvezz ) ulti server : php , mysql , pma includes dydns , ftp , ftps , sftp , ssh , php , mysql ( which also answers t0mm13b 's comment ) ksweb : server + php + mysql also includes ftp and some administrative tools and a function to update external ip in no-ip service ( second answer to t0mm13b , even with his favorite " no-ip" ) namp nginx android web server with php , mysql and ftp
you should be able to achieve what you want to do with the help of home2 shortcut . the app is self-explanatory . you can easily use it . if you have enables s voice on double-tap , go into the s voice settings and uncheck the launch svoice box . this will keep s voice from launching when you double tap the home button . open home2 shortcut and configure it to launch the app of your choosing with a double tap of the home button . when you get to the end , after you tap " close " it will ask you to set as default . select home2launcher as the default . read more information here .
maybe the site/computer you are downloading from have a upload limit . but when you push files ( you upload ) the other side is downloading , so it less of a problem for them .
i solved this by erasing all contacts on the sim . here 's how : contacts app -> menu -> view . uncheck all but sim , press ok . menu -> delete . menu -> select all . press delete . after a while all sim contacts are gone . now re-enable showing the phone and/or google contacts and you are good to go ! ( my phone uses swedish so maybe the menu items/buttons above have other similar names )
in case this helps anyone : the above instructions did not work for me , on my sony xperia l15 , android 2.3.3 i think this is because of my ancient android os . :- ) i manually see which contacts are phone-only , by : open contacts menu delete contacts the delete window has a little status line beside each contact , to tell you where the contact is stored : google phone contact joined contact ( think this means the contact was originally 2 or more contacts ) hope this helps !
go to contacts -> press menu button and choose more -> then display options -> there you can choose either sim or phone . and say done
try this sim contacts manager application from android market . it is going to manage all your contacts which are in sim card . there is one more possibility of having duplicates in your contacts list . if you are importing/synchronizing the contacts from facebook/gmail/twitter then it will show the contacts twice or more . in this case use this contacts merger which merges the duplicate contacts .
the format of these files is described in sqlite 's documentation . the db file is the main database and starts with the string "SQLite format 3\000" ( note that \000 is the zero byte or ascii nul ) . the db-journal file is the journal for the database . you only need it if the database was open when you performed the factory reset ( that is , if the app was running and in the middle of writing the database ) . it starts with the following bytes : 0xd9 , 0xd5 , 0x05 , 0xf9 , 0x20 , 0xa1 , 0x63 , 0xd7 .
have you tried this ? if not and you are not familiar with electronics , get someone to help you out http://com.odroid.com/sigong/blog/blog_list.php?bid=139 works for me . . .
were you trying to root you phone or install a new rom on it ? it could be possible that if you just plug in the logic board of your old phone into power from an old working galaxy s2 it might just boot up . if it died overnight without you doing virtually anything to it my guess is that the battery within the phone fails to provide power through the phone i.e. the internal circuitry on the power supply which is in the lower section of the phone may not be working . i had similar issues once , mine just magically started working after a month . it was a case of water damage though . if you did try to install a new rom on the phone it may be bricked and a usb jig might help fix it . they are easily available from ebay or amazon if you live in the us and are quite easy to make at home as well . you may also try purchasing a new usb mhl board from ebay . replacement are available for as less at 5$ . as onik mentioned , the bga will be nearly impossible to take out and use yourself . aftermarket data recovery companies might be able to help though .
it is a chip soldered to the main board in the phone . you can only remove it by desoldering it from the board in a soldering oven . ( this is a precisely temperature-controlled device : a kitchen oven will not do . ) even if you did manage to desolder it safely , the chip itself is not a lot of use to you . because it is an internal component , it does not fit into a standard reader like an sd card does , so you had have to either try to solder it into a different phone ( which might still not work , if anything on the chip is specific to the old phone ) , or find the specs and build a new board to fit it .
this may not be as easy as you think . the emmc is connected to the board with a ball grid array ( bga ) connection , which is pretty difficult to reconnect once removed . you can see photos of the chip and more discussion on the topic on this xda post . as for where the chip is , you might be able to find it on some teardowns , but my eyes did not catch it in ifixits photos .
looks like a driver is definitely needed at least . take a look at this xda post and this acer tablet forum post .
the “micro-usb” headphone used by lg gs155 is not really an usb device — it just uses the usb connector for the same analog audio signals as in usual 3.5 or 2.5 mm round connectors . look at the microusb to 3.5 or 2.5 jack headset pinout . in order to work with such headsets , the phone needs to have the appropriate hardware to detect the type of connected device and switch functions of usb port pins from usb to analog audio . it is highly unlikely that the phone will have such hardware if it also has a standard 3.5 or 2.5 mm audio connector . even older htc phones using the proprietary “extusb” connector compatible with mini-usb did not switch pin functions when a headset is connected — they used separate pins for audio . the only way to connect this headphone to your new phone is to build an adapter with a 3.5 mm plug and a micro-usb type b receptacle connector , so that the headphone will be connected to the audio circuit through the 3.5 mm audio connector on the phone .
this is not hard . first , you need to disable phone by defaults . go to " manage app " , select phone . . . clear defaults . then go to the menu , remove the phone icon and replace with the exdialer . . . then i think it should be easy from there on . . . . any where you get a prompt select the exdialer
yes it is possible to install apps from pc for your mobile device , even if you do not have a net access . first open google play on your pc through your gmail account connected with your device . then open apk downloader and download the apk extension for your web browser . in the google play store click on the app you want to install in your mobile and then click on the green apk button which will automatically appear on the html bar . you r apk file will begin to download . connect your device to the pc through usb cable and copy the downloaded . apk file in your device . for more information on how to download apk extension please refer to this website . http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ hope it helps . i do not know how to update via pc . . . but installation can be done like this .
by time being from my knowledge it is not possible to install from play store to android through pc . since play store installs apk to android device only not to pc . you can mange it from pc by signing-in to play store from your pc . when your phone get connected to internet play store installs directly your app or update to phone from this guide you can install/uninstall app from pc to android using following link http://www.wondershare.com/mobile-phone/android-app-installer.html 
there is a java application to do this , which can be found here . it is called the real apk leecher . it works by pretending to be an android device ( you need to configure it with your playstore account data ) , so it connects to the corresponding google services like any other android device with the playstore app installed , let 's you browse the playstore , and download apks . i did not try it out myself , though ; but you might wish to give it a look .
www.mobogenie.com provides a windows based tool called mobogenie that uses your computer 's network traffic to install and update apps in your android phone . you need to connect your phone with the computer , and have a high speed internet connection
it may not work if you have not-always-compatibile busybox reboot symlink in a path that is more privileged than /system/bin ( or /system/bin toolbox symlink has been overwritten ) , it may lie in /sbin if using custom kernel with bb included for example . if so , try : " toolbox reboot recovery " ( jb ) "/system/bin/reboot recovery " ( kk - however which one will work my be also dependent from the manufacturer . . . )
try " reboot recovery " , though it does not work on all devices . you might also need root for this , so first try " su root " .
by default NextBook tablets comes with no PlayStore application , so you will need to re-download ( re-install ) the PlayStore manually check this link , it may help you http://www.makeuseof.com/answers/how-can-i-download-google-play-to-my-nextbook-tablet/
i found the apk ( the installer binary file ) by searching on google . here is a link to the file which if you access on your phone , will install the latest version of the google play store . https://mega.co.nz/#!hj8ynbki!aygtlxznco4bvdssnyak7doj6pphe5apnavcaktpmak ps : i cannot claim that this file is actually what it says it is , just a suggestion that looks legit .
this is done to conserve battery life . downloaded data means active radios , which means electricity drawn , which means battery drained . your one email , might be fine . but people often get hundreds of messages per day . if every message i got were that size and my phone downloaded the full content of each one the battery would be dead very quickly . if it is an email that is important that i need to read it is probably going to be only a few lines . messages that are large are usually things i do not need while i am at the grocery store or interrupting me while i get a haircut . it can wait until i get back to my desk . conversely , without a reasonably small limit you could dos someone by sending them several large messages , forcing their phone to download all of that data . you can both chew up their data limit and drain their battery .
is this an android version specific ? ( ie gingerbread ) no , this has nothing to do with the android version , i have several close to me and none have such option . it is probably a carrier-specific setting on the stock app . bahamat answer easily justifies the reason as to why carriers would prefer such low limitations and how this benefits users . is this a configuration one makes when setting up a device with the android os regardless of the version ? meaning every device is different ? it may vary depending on the device and carrier , but what usual happens with settings like this is that they are silently applied , but as you have found out , the user can update the value to a more desired one . how many devices are set with a max file size this low , what is the standard setting out of the box ? there is no standard about the size for an email that goes this low . what actually exists is a general conception regarding the emails maximum size that accounts for the sum of the message 's body and the encoded attachment . since a message will often pass through several mail transfer agents to reach the recipient , and since most of them have to cache messages for a certain period of time , this brings storage issues that need to be addressed . since the early days , 10mb was considered to be more than acceptable for an email . you can read all about this at wikipedia .
i believe this xda forum post will give you a good head start . note : this is written for the sapphire . compiling and flashing a kernel for the n1 . another guide from xda forums . compiling systems apps .
you have to find a dedicated app on the market . each account a linked to sync source , and there are not linked in the contact database . so if you find any application capable of taking all you outlook contact and add it to gmail contact in your phone it will work . another solution could be to make a csv dump of your android contact and import them in the gmail web interface
there are many ways to sync your exchange contacts to gmail . the easiest way is to do this on your computer . this involves exporting your contacts from outlook into a csv file , and then importing that file on https://mail.google.com site . export your outlook contacts to a csv ( comma separated value ) file . steps to do this vary for different outlook versions , so search your outlook 's help for exact instructions pertaining to your particular version ( e . g . outlook 2010 instructions are here . ) in your browser open gmail , and navigate to " contacts " section ( click on the " gmail " to reveal the drop-down . ) on the main contacts screen click on More button and select the Import... option . click the " browse " button in the " choose file to upload " window , and navigate to the folder where you saved the csv file from step 1 . click the " open " button , then select the " import contacts " , and the contents of the csv file should import to your gmail account . either wait a bit , or manually force a sync via Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync screen on your phone .
open contacts then press the menu button go to more> settings in that the first option is where you want to save your contacts .
the process for getting cm on htcs in my experience ( htc sensation , raider , one s , desire z ) has been to : unlock the bootloader , usually via htc dev , after installing only sync drivers flash custom recovery - twrp preferred , but cwm works fine flash superuser zip file for easy root . if that does not work , i can suggest vroot , worked great on an lenovo ascend g610 with little documentation on the web run s-off tool of choice , sometimes terminal based , sometimes it is an easy apk set supercid for easy flashing of other stock roms flash cyanogen and gapps , make sure to clear data before first boot do not try to install custom bootloaders with s-on , as i have bricked an htc hero that was s-on , tried to flash amarulz hboot , and it never started up again . the method above has successfully unlocked all the htc devices first mentioned , without any bricks . to answer your questions , you can not flash a custom recovery because you are s-on . perhaps you cannot get the unlock key for your hboot because it predates htcs unlocking program . my htc hero got an hboot update that required the use of using htcdev to unlock . if you are looking to flash a recovery via adb shell , you will need to use ' dd ' for that .
i think there is no need to set those settings in the email app . you only need to set them in e-mail clients where you are getting duplicate copies of the email , provided those clients have a way of setting those settings . if you notice in the image below ( from the desktop gmail web app ) , there is a Sent Mail and an [Imap]/Sent folder . the Sent Mail folder is gmail 's , while the [Imap]/Sent folder is generated by a 3rd-party client ( like thunderbird or kaiten , for example ) . ideally , a sent mail would be placed under Sent Mail or under [Imap]/Sent . in some cases , it gets copied under both . so now , you have two copies of the sent email . if this is happening , then you need to follow the recommended imap client settings . if not , you are fine . related reference : stackexchange-url
i have an htc one , and even though i cannot deduce why , my settings menu did not display options for sip setup until after i unlocked the bootloader . i will clarify that all i did was unlock the bootloader , i did not flash a new rom . again , this makes absolutely no sense , but it worked for me .
sip comes directly with the android system , as you said , starting with gingerbread . you find it in the system settings : call settings , at the very end : internet call settings : for more details , you can also check with the page android sip client configuration and review , which explains you all the details . as it comes with the android system itself , all devices with gingerbread or higher should have it .
i have had google galaxy nexus hspa+ for a while , and it does have internet calling , which is one of the reasons why i was interested in the phone in the first place . long story short , it is the most horrible sip client i have ever seen , with the most inflexible settings , does not actually work properly , and has all sorts of quality issues that do not manifest when using a third-party client instead . ( to give you an actual example of what i am talking about , i have somehow had this very strange multi-dozen-second delays in voice , which i have no explanation for , other than a terribly broken buffering logic , as sip calls go through udp , which would never do retransmission , hence no clue why someone thought that multi-dozen-second buffering was ever a good idea . ) if you cannot find the native internet calling in your phone , you are not missing much . ( i have long as disabled the said native client , and have been using a third-party client instead . )
some apps offer a network monitor , e.g. os monitor does : as you can see in the second screenshot , it even allows you to look-up the destination and show it in a map . quick system info offers a similar feature : as you can see in the last entry of this screenshot , it even names the app which holds this connection . these are two examples of real-time monitoring which do not require root . if your device is rooted , you might also want to take a look at droidwall : this app offers to keep a log of all network accesses for each app . plus , as a firewall app , you can restrict apps to wifi , mobile network , or even forbid them network access altogether .
it would be quite difficult to do this . reason being : it is very difficult to replace the new ics bootloader you would have to find the old original firmware you would have to be rooted to be able to flash it you would have to search forums such as xda-developers for the stock firmware . you may be able to find rooting instructions there as well .
there is an official vodafone gingrbread downgrade here . http://www.huaweidevice.com/worldwide/downloadcenter.do?method=todownloadfileflay=softwaresoftid=ndy4ode=
i hope this should work for you - macedonian keyboard app google play install and change input method when typing to use this keyboard . ( to change input method , you can follow this guide - android stack exchange - change input method ) after changing keyboard , select '123' near space button and then select ' mkd ' at same place to get the macedonian keyboard . you can also try other popular keyboard apps if they have macedonian support , unfortunately swype does not have it .
depending on what version of s3 you have ( there are 13 just looking at the wikipedia article ) , there could be different safeguards in place to prevent tamporing having knox installed is one thing , upgrading to 4.3 is another as some of the updates that samsung has put in prevent certain types of expolots to get the bootloader unlocked and ability to boot a unapproved rom a coworker of mine upgraded his phone to 4.3 and serious issues with knox not letting him boot . he had to downgrade all the way back to 4.1 and then upgrade back up to get a working phone . needless to say , all of his data is lost . if you are planning on rooting , do it now , upgrade to a rooted rom with touchwiz ( like carbon ) , or go full 1337 and get a cynogenmod rom and run kit kat rooting your phone kills the warranty , but there are ways to revert back to stock . depending on the insurance you have on the phone , they will take in a broken rooted phone . however , if some phone component breaks , and you have no way to get it back stock , you are sort of sol . there is a huge market for used phones , and if you have yours rooted , you give a bit of added value to the phone . swappa is probably the best place to go out and sell your phone . tl ; dr : root now , install a rom you like , get kitkat if need be , sell on swappa . source : rootin ' since 2009 . owner of multiple samsung phones .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
use clean master app . it worked for me . run this app at least twice a day to keep the memory clean .
i had the exact same problem . had the phone into the samsung service location a number of times , where they performed a full software recovery twice and then replaced the mainboard , but the problem persisted . i realised that the memory logs , which were filling up the logs file , seem to be connected to a network issue and decided to try and obtain a new sim to see if this helped . i got the new sim yesterday and everything that seemed to kick in the log files and fill up the system memory seems to be ok . previously , it might be ok once i had cleared the logfiles ( *#9900# , delete log files ) for a few hours , but then all of a sudden the log files would start again . within a few hours , my phone ( galaxy note ) would start becoming unresponsive , and i would get the storage space running out message and my system memory would be down to 100mb rather than 1.4g . after weeks and weeks of the same problem i am reticent to say that things are completely resolved . putting the new sim in seems to have solved the problem for me .
i have been through this storage problem . this is the solution to your problem only if you have " root " access . this problem occurs due to old application data of apps which have not been uninstalled properly . download " sd maid " from the play store . you can search for application data which exists on your device in spite of being uninstalled . clear the corpses and retry installing the app you want to install and it should work .
may be you should check this link , hope this will solve your problem . excerpt : root your phone . download the root browser app fro here reboot open the newly installed root browser app , a pop up will come stating if you want to give the app root permission . grant it . navigate to /data/ and delete the folder log see the magic : )
you would need to root your phone . for file managers with root access , you can try astro or root explorer . if the app loads the default folder , keep going up the parent folder until you can no longer move up ; that will be the root folder .
note : i am on samsung galaxy s2 , android 4.0.3 elixir for android has an " sd mount toggle " feature . it could unmount a removable card ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) , but not ( /mnt/sdcard ) . i could not get it to mount by clicking the toggle again , but a restart [ toggle also available ] will mount the removable card . this is probably a bug with elixir ; and i will try to contact the developer .
should i relock the bootloader after getting s-off ? will that prevent me from doing anything ? no . you can not flash unsigned rom nor alter rom ( e . g . get permanent root ) . source . in that tutorial under the facepalm instructions , do i need to do step 7 if i already got s-off using facepalm ? yes . it is needed so you can flash the /boot partition from recovery . the stock hboot blocks access while in recovery . source . how can i remove * tampered * from the bootloader ? update 2013-08-16: from op : after following the steps he mentioned in the guide , TAMPERED is gone and has been replaced with the -- DirtyRacun -- label. There also is nothing that says UNLOCKED anymore .
there may be apps in the background that run which drains the battery life . to be certain of which app : go to settings > battery > battery graph the battery graph will give detailed analysis which app used how much battery . if there is any app that you do not recall using a lot but is one of the top battery consumers i would recommend you to uninstall/disable the said app .
this question is probably opinion-based . i am not familiar with the trend in subtitles , but i use them a lot since i am hard-of-hearing . most of the subtitles i get from subscene are . srt files . occassionally , i will encounter a . sub and . idx combo , but rarely an . smi . a lot of media players support . srt ; a lot others also support other formats . my guess on the app that you found which supports only . smi - which you did not even mention its name - is that it may have been a niche app to play videos that have . smi subs . there may have been no other app that played . smi when it was made . i am just speculating . but one thing for sure , . srt is not going away any time soon .
this is most likely a software issue , but you can not be 100% sure until you flash a new rom and see if it works . if you find a stock rom , then it will not void the warranty , so it should be safe to try . you can find a lot of stock roms here .
as said already re-flashing the firmware is probably all you can do but i wanted to add that you can use odin for easier flashing ( it is really just clicking a button ) . using the link given by alex ( searching using the model number , setting> about device> model number ) download the firmware then download odin . here is a good tutorial for using it if you are unfamiliar with it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xrdu6ddnya . ( not great quality since he is recording the screen but still helpful ) .
as of 10/20/12 , no one has ever rooted the commando . xda developers forum is home to some of the innovators in the droid world , and no one there has yet come up with a way . couple of reference points for you : casio g'zone commando [ q ] casio commando 2.3.3 root-impossible
it turned out to be a sync error for some contacts with malformed birthday field created on android which causes exchange to silently fail . you can debug it , by getting the exchange server-side logs , by going to your exchange webmail ( outlook web access , owa ) : login in to webmail . yourdomain . com go to : options -> all options -> phone mark your current device and click -> " start logging " start sync on the phone in webmail click " stop logging " and look at the new mail create in your inbox in the log i got three of these errors : . . . which causes the whole sync and all subsequent contact syncing to silently do nothing . i had to remove the birthday field from these contacts on android . i hope this helps someone ! here is some more information on the various date formats created on android devices : http://dmfs.org/carddav/?date_format
is your settings > language and input > voice command for apps ' on ' ? sometimes it picks up something in the background and answers the calls . if turning off that does not work , try to do a factory reset on the phone . unfortunately , if even that does not work , you will have to get it inspected at a service center .
on my t-mobile sgh-t999 galaxy s3 ( android 4.1.1 ) , there is a " s voice " icon under apps . if you start the app and skip the setup questions , you will be prompted " what would you like to do ? " . at this point press the menu button and choose settings > control apps , turn off " control apps : use voice commands to control device " . hope that helps !
try inserting a 3.5 headphones with mic and call your cell . if it will answer automatically it is a software problem , try to remember what things have you changed/installed before that was happend . if it fix the problem , take out the headphones and try calling your cell . sometimes the aux 3.5 jack is not recognizing when a device is plugged-out ( mostly because of a damaged headphones/headphone 's jack ) , this could be the problem .
assuming you are using the stock google launcher . . . in my experience , no , they are not restored automatically . only the wallpaper is restored . that being said , if you had made a backup using titanium backup or something similar this would be able to restore your home screen design . just reinstall your apps first and then restore the backup .
this in terminal app and restart afterwards did the job for me : su mount -o rw,remount /system cp /data/app/com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox-1.apk /system/app/QuickSearchBox.apk  found the answer here .
just installed trello . seems like it is designed for offline viewing , not offline editing . perhaps evernote might be a better option , although it is not really a project management tool .
you seem to be using different measurement units , 50kbps is the same as 400kbps . remember that 1 byte = 8 bits . if that is not the case , check if your laptop is connecting using 802.11n , htc legend does not support 802.11n , it only supports 802.11b/g . how do i check the connection speed ? download speedtest app from the market . and in your laptop , go to speedtest .net.
op solved the problem : it was the power cord on the converter causing the problem . i do not know why but when i unplugged it the sound came through prefect .
i ended up just using an app that runs the mediaindexer . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.addz.mediascannerhl=en https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.clypher.mediascanner rebooting works as well , thanks user133312 !
constant battery use will generate more heat over a short period of time , yes . ordinarily , this will not damage the device . however , heat can greatly impact the longevity of your battery . i would suggest shutting off the monitor when you do not need it ; if you really need to constantly monitor the network , the task is probably better suited to a pc .
the 20% cpu consumption is probably because you are on a weaker cpu , eg , 528 mhz processors , in this case , the cpu consumption is normal anyway and as a matter of fact , 20% is not a high number in this case at all . in case you want to limit your cpu usage at all times , you can root your device , install a cpu scaling program , and under clock the device . or you can set the cpu governor to " powersave " in addition to under clocking the cpu frequency if you want to sacrifice the performance for a longer battery life .
there is an app called battery charged notifier that will just notify you when your battery is fully charged . it is free , but there is a " paid key " that adds some additional features , like setting your own notification sound .
i believe my phone vibrates when it is done charging , but i have never seen a setting for it . i am certain you could set up a profile with locale to notify when charging is done .
if you use tasker automation app you can implement an alert using it - battery full alert . free alternative is the app called automateit . it also has a battery level trigger based on which you can produce a notification/sound , etc .
start your device in safe mode and then uninstall the app that is causing problems . rebooting will exit from safe mode . here 's how to access safe mode in a few popular devices . htc devices with physical buttons : turn off your android phone . press the menu button on your phone . while holding down the menu button , turn on your device and keep pressing the menu button until you see the lock screen . “ safe mode should now be printed in the lower-left corner of your display . when in safe mode , android does not load any third-party apps , and you can uninstall the application that gave you trouble from settings > applications > manage applications . nexus one : turn off your nexus . remove the battery if it cannot be done the normal way . press the power button to start your phone , and right when the logo appears , press and hold the trackball . you should also be able to hold down the touch sensitive menu button at this point , if you prefer that . keep pressing until you see the lock screen , and you should now be in safe mode . motorola droid turn off your droid and slide open the hardware keyboard . press both the power button and the menu button on the keyboard simultaneously . keep holding down the menu key until you see the “droid eye” , and you feel your phone vibrate . your droid should start and say “safe mode” in the lower-left corner of the screen . samsung galaxy s power the phone off . turn the phone back on while pressing and holding the menu button . keep holding the menu button until the home screen loads . the lower-left corner should say safe mode .
for the " typical end user " , the easiest ways probably are : if the " rogue " was installed from google play : on a computer , open the play store website with your favorite web browser log in with your google account credentials hit the " my android apps " tab at the upper-right of the page look for your " rogue " app hit the trashcan symbol next to it this will uninstall the selected app . of course , this only works for apps installed via google play . if you side-loaded the " rogue " ( installed it from another source ) if you side-loaded the " rogue " , you will need a couple of more steps . follow 1+2 from above list , then . . . search for any other homescreen/launcher app hit the " install " button on its page if you have got multiple devices attached to this google account , select the one with the rogue app hit " ok " within the next few minutes , the new launcher should be installed on your device . until then , you might want to periodically switch it on to ensure it stays " awake " ( and connected to the network ) , which might speed up the process a little once the installation has finished , hit the home button . as android noticed the new launcher app , a pop up will ask you to chose which launcher to start . select any launcher you want , just not the rogue one . as you now have a fully functional launcher running , you can take the usual steps to remove the " rogue " app .
to create such malicious launcher it will need to : disable settings > applications > manage applications disable settings > applications > development > usb debugging disable market ( to prevent you from downloading home switcher apps ) prevent all other launcher-type application from opening ( otherwise you can just start the other launcher and go to settings from there ) disable terminal emulator-type application ( to prevent uninstallation by pm or rm-ing the . apk ) . . . others ? this seems like a gaping security hole in android , no ? no . when security experts talks about a system having a good security , they do not talk about a stupid user doing stupid thing to his system . a stupid user giving untrusted program unwarranted privileges are social problems , not security problem . linux ( and android ) is secure not because it is impossible mess the system up ( you can , very easily , just type sudo rm -rf / ) . linux is secure because a malicious program cannot mess up the system without the user 's authorization and a user cannot mess the system up unless they have the appropriate privilege to mess up the system ( a user with a root privilege can mess up the system in thousands of ways ) . unlike in some other os , linux ( and android ) does not attempt to protect the user from doing something stupid ( since such protection would also prevent power users from doing anything smart ) . it will blindly follow your order when you told it to destroy itself ( as long as the user has the privilege to command the system to destroy itself ) . the following sudo 's first-time-sudoers lecture sums up the unix/linux way to security : in any case , if such malicious launcher comes into the market , we can be sure that google will remove it from market immediately with no delay ( and probably issue a remote uninstall command ) . and if you install such launcher from outside market , then you are not a " typical user " , you are responsible for your own if you are installing programs from outside market .
i believe both lookout and prey have a password option that will make it difficult for a thief to disable the app . both of those will be able to wipe the device but not disable it completely . if you are on verizon the phone cannot be activated on another line without it being released from your account . i am pretty sure that is not the case with gsm phones - they just need to stick a new sim in the phone . however , both lookout and prey will be able to tell you the location of your phone . i believe prey will also be able to tell you additional information that might help you determine the identity of the thief which you can then pass on to the authorities . they are not always inclined to act on the information but every little bit helps .
it is certainly possible to remote-brick a phone . in fact , you might be able to use tasker in conjunction with mobile odin or similar to remotely softbrick a samsung device by flashing bad firmware after a text message , or something . of course these devices are also easy to unbrick ; to brick them more permanently you had need to flash a bad bootloader . chainfire has said that mobile odin can but will not flash bootloaders , so perhaps it could just be modified . bad bootloaders can be fixed sometimes if you have the appropriate hardware , but i doubt any petty thief would have it . most will not be able to fix a softbrick either . any app can be disabled , pretty easily too if you know what you are doing . importantly , though , i would not do this . all it does is guarantee that you can not get the phone back ( you can not track it anymore ) or that if you get it back , it will not work . you should just install tracking software instead . remote bricking will not deter a thief who does not know about it , and while i see the revenge aspect it is not as good as catching them !
starting today you can access this functionality through stock android and google apps at https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager . once you set it up , you will be able to remotely delete all your data from the device , and locate it on google maps . remote locking and changing the lock-screen are also listed as functionalities available ( soon ) . note that if you have not set this up before losing your phone you will not have access to wipe it remotely . you could see it on google maps if you have given google apps permission to access location information on your phone ( gps and wifi location information ) .
if you are using htc you could wipe the data from htc sense account . but to brick the device , depends on how to the flashing . as koush maker of cwm has discussed of rooting/flashing rom from with in the application without any pc . not sure about which version of cwm supports this features .
at a minimum , this would require both software on the phone and on the pc . the 2 pieces of software would have to communicate with each other . nothing like this , that i know of currently , exists . and for the pc to think that the device is truly a keyboard , it would require a new driver that would tell the pc that the device is a keyboard , and how " to use it as a keyboard " . i am not saying that it is not possible , because just about anything is possible when it comes to things like this . what i am saying though , is that nothing like this exists , currently . usb is both hardware and software , if it was software alone , then the same usb driver would work for all android devices on windows , and this is not the case . usb mass-storage and mtp are handled by the drivers on the pc , not the device . what devices support both mtp and usb mass-storage and at the same time ? i have found articles stating that devices can support ums and mtp , but only support ums if there is an external sdcard . you cannot mount the external sdcard with mtp and with ums . mtp is for the internal storage . and i have not read anything that can confirm or deny that you can use both at the same time . you do not have to install drivers for keyboards , if they follow the " default " spec because windows already has the drivers for it . there are keyboards that come with their own drivers . as i said , it would be possible . i am not sure about how it would be done . it would , almost certainly , require a custom kernel at the very least for it to act like a keyboard and no additional drivers to be needed on the pc side . additionally , i agree with @davidbb that it is possible and i have already said that it is . the problem with a question asking if something is possible , does not ever solve the problem . it would be like me saying " is it possible for me to run ios applications natively on windows ? " . this is theoretically possible , but there is nothing that does this now and there is not something that a " normal user " ( or even an advanced user ) can do to make this happen . this site is geared for users , so saying you just need to write a modified kernel is not an answer that is going to benefit anyone . so the real answer to the question is no , because there is not a modified kernel out there .
this does not exactly answer your question , but it might help in your use case . maybe you want to have a look at inputstick . it'll be a usb thumb drive that you pair to android via bluetooth . plugged into a computer it emulates a generic usb hid to send keyboard strokes . an advanced java api will also allow to specify i.e. device descriptors to emulate non-standard functions . it could provide a nice example that it is defined in software rather than hardware . for reference , the developer also is working on example programs , such as a demo password manager .
inputstick is a wireless usb receiver , designed for android devices . it allows android applications to emulate many different kinds of devices , for example : usb keyboard , usb mouse , usb gamepad and many more . with inputstick , android apps can do anything that a physical device can : type , move mouse pointer , control multimedia and games . information can be found at http://inputstick.com/
yes . this is definitely possible , requiring no modifications or drivers on the pc . as the op mentions , the usb identification on the phone end is ultimately done in software ( in this file https://github.com/android/kernel_msm/blob/android-msm-2.6.35/drivers/usb/gadget/composite.c ) , and it could be modified to identify itself as a standard usb keyboard . this change would require a couple of things . a modified kernel with a patched usb driver an android app that could talk to some interface exposed by the modified usb driver . there was a paper published a couple of years ago ( titled exploiting smart-phone usb connectivity for fun and profit ) that described using a phone to brute-force desktop login screens . the method they used involved making the phone appear as a usb keyboard .
have you tried unified remote . this is a great tool to use phone as keyboard and mouse . it does not use usb but wifi instead . there is an app on phone and computer that work together . works great for me . also if you get full version you get integration with many common applications .
settings / data usage / menu button / restrict background data ( click image to enlarge )
using google 's backup service ( as described by greg ) is one way . but as in the past this did not prove very reliable ( it should have improved with 4 . x , though ) , plus apps have to actively support it ( which by far not all do ) , there are alternatives to consider . since android 4.0 , you can perform full backup of non-rooted devices . you can also backup/restore single apps ( including their data ) this way . an easier approach is using koush 's carbon backup -- at least if you buy the pro license ( less than 4 euro ) . install the app on both devices , and you can sync apps and data between the two ( see the second " tab " in the screenshot 1 ) .
google 's backup service is described on one of their support pages : backing up and restoring your data you can back up your settings and other data with your google account , so if you ever replace your tablet , you can restore your data on the new one . if you choose to use this service , your data is backed up automatically . if you previously used the backup service with the google account you just used to sign in , you can also choose to restore your settings from your google account to your tablet now . important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . many kinds of data are backed up , including : your android settings , such as your wi-fi networks and passwords , user dictionary , and so on many google application settings , such as your browser bookmarks the apps you download from android market some third-party apps also make use of the backup service , so if you reinstall one , its settings and data are restored
i would use google backup for any personal data or other data and appmonster for the apps . the free version can batch backup all the apps on your device to a .apk format which you could batch reinstall onto the new device once appmonster is installed on it .
as a nandroid backup creates images of all android related partitions of the device ( not of the radio-firmware , which is not directly related to any os ) , your assumptions are correct : it covers everything , i.e. all data belonging to the android installation . so provided both of you use the exact same device ( compare the specs , some devices have variants which could be crucial when involving different hardware components ) , the copy as described in the question should work . to be on the safe side , and have a chance to revert back , it cannot hurt to create a nandroid backup on the target device as well , though : )
sounds like your phone is using a different google account to attempt to log in to chrome-to-phone . try signing out from the chrome extension , and " disconnect " the phone from the android app and re-sign in to both .
after you installed chrome2phone on your phone , you need to open the chrome2phone app on your phone and login to your google account . then after installing chrome2phone extension in your browser , you also need to login to the same google account .
on my phone running the latest stable version of google+ , only the camera roll is auto backup'd . there are several additional folders ( downloads , path , instagram ) that are not being synced . from your description , g+ currently does exactly what you want .
afaik there is no way to selectively sync photos with g+ . but on dropbox , by default only the camera roll photos are uploaded by default for cloud backup .
as google drive is an option to the op : i use an app called foldersync , which support a load of cloud services ( including e.g. google drive , amazon s3 , and dropbox ) as well as ftp/sftp/ftps to support your own servers . using it successfully with sftp and dropbox , i can recommend its use : you can define " folder pairs " to sync , e.g. a single remote directory and the corresponding local directory . subdirectories can be included optionally you can trigger the sync manually , or define automatic sync schedules . instand upload should be possible as well , though i did not try that yet . the paid version supports tasker , which gives you increased flexibility . as to my experience ( a while ago with some previous version , so this behaviour might have changed meanwhile ) foldersync ' s internal scheduler causes a device wakeup all 5min regardless of the sync schedule chosen , i prefer triggering syncs via tasker . so with google drive being acceptable , you could use foldersync to define a specific folder pair , and thus sync only those folder ( s ) you wish .
launch g+ photos app . swipe right on the left edge to open up the menu . go to " on device " . you can select which folders to be synced by tapping on the cloud icon on the right of the folder name . note : you have to turn on " back up local folders " option in settings . initially , all folders will be synced and you can selectively turn off for each folder in the " on device " section .
still looking for other answers i have found gallery drive sync , an app that will selectively sync image folders when you want it to , not automatically ( you have to go in and press " sync " next to the gallery for it to work ) . this can be a feature , but in my case it is not since i would like it to happen automatically .
try camera album . this app automatically redirects captured photos to the selected album/directory . you can have multiple albums and quickly switch between them before taking photo . and with applications mentioned in previous posts you can synchronize only directories that you want .
you are not alone . inability to uninstall any apps and crashes in settings , are some of the nasty bugs in sony 's recent google play edition devices . currently there are no workarounds , and you must wait until sony releases an update with fixes for these issues . sources : android authority , android community [ edit ] allegedly , the upcoming 4.4.2 ota update will fix most of the glaring issues . [ edit 2 ] confirmed , the just released 4.4.2 ota update fixes those nasty bugs on the z ultra . check to see if you have it ( keep in mind it is probably a staged roll-out , so you might not see the update immediately . )
as a generic information , the german wikipedia gps page states an accuracy of 10m or better for civilian use . while this does not explicitly state anything on android 's implementation , you can find some test results on urremote confirming this . how accurate exactly the data are , very much depends on the device : according to those tests , accuracy varied between 2.5 m and 6.3 m with the tested devices . a further reading of interest is how accurate is android gps ? , which might add some more background information . further you might want to check into improve android gps accuracy by having the accurate time , or test your own device using the gps test app .
according to qualcomm ( who makes the socs used by the gs3 i747 ( also the cdma and t999 versions . ) and the nexus 4 ) , under optimal conditions , the combined gps/glonass lock is capable of being accurate to 2 metres . to determine actual possible accuracy in use is more complex and depends on time and location , as the number of satellites visible varies due to their orbits . this silverlight app will allow you to determine this ( be sure to only select gps and glonass under the satellite library . the gs3 and nexus 4 are not capable of using the other constellations . ) . the important bit is the dop ( dilution of precision ) . multiply the dop reported by the app ( if greater than 1 ) for the relevant time by that 2 metres to determine the actual possible accuracy . note that this is only the possible accuracy . obstructions ( trees , buildings , etc . ) that block the view of the sky may also block the view of some satellites . if you know the obstructions , you can enter them into the app and it will include them in its work . also , some apps , like gps status and toolbox , will give you your error on the fly .
here install it again - amazon kindle . comment if not worked .
it sounds like you are describing a vpn ( virtual private network ) . a vpn directs all traffic ( whether http or other tcp/ip protocols ) through a specific server , usually with the intent to encrypt traffic between the device and the vpn server . however , encryption is not necessary , and a vpn would have full control over routing , which means you could customize a vpn server to block specific requests . or you could redirect requests to unsafe/undesirable websites to a ' block ' page of your choosing . almost all android devices have vpn capabilities built-in . you should look into that technology . in order to force the user to go through the vpn , you will need an app that can be set as a device admin ( a built-in , almost-root privilege that prevents the app from being removed ) that would also set the vpn to be always on . see this android . se question and answer for more details .
did any manuals or documentation come with this thing ? is there a manufacturer 's website for tech support ? look for ways to get into " recovery mode " which should have options for doing a " factory reset " .
extracted from ultrapixel vs megapixel : htc one and iphone 5 camera shoot-out : ultra-pixels : basically the sensor on the htc one features larger pixels for better low light sensitivity and , on paper , better overall camera performance . [ . . . ] we have to understand that “ultrapixel” is just htc’s marketing team saying that the pixels on the htc one’s sensor are larger . here’s how it works : the sensor on the htc one isn’t larger than the sensors on other modern phones : 1/3.2-inch is what htc used in the one and the same size is also present on the iphone 5 , galaxy s iii , or lumia 920 . a larger sensor means having something like the nokia 808 pureview has with its 1/1.2 inch sensor . some other site described that term as " plain market buzz " . more on the term ultrapixel can also be found at wikipedia . megapixel , on the other hand , is a measurement term , describing the resolution of an image – a term used not only for the number of pixels in an image , but also to express the number of image sensor elements of digital cameras or the number of display elements of digital displays .
yes that is definitely a bug , it is been raised on the support forums . there is a message from google saying they are working on a fix . personally i would really like to see " market " as an option in the sync screen , just like gmail , calendar , contacts etc . . . so we can just turn it off . i recommend you go vote on the issue to give it more visibility .
i do not think so , probably only way to block it would be deleting it : (
what you describe is a bug in the later versions of the android market . i believe it has been acknowledged by google , and they are working on a solution . yes , you can delete the second account . you can normally remove any google account expect for the first one you added . however , you have to remove it completely , not just from the market . so , you will lose access to calendar and contacts etc . from the homes screen , press " menu " , then go to : settings -> accounts and sync choose the account you want to remove , and then choose " remove account "
read this , the bottom half is for android users , https://gamesupport.supercell.net/hc/en-us/articles/421682-can-i-transfer-my-village-to-a-new-device- this does not require play services , but does require g+ . you should be able do this w/o google play services good luck !
problem solved . 360 security was crashing with greenify . if you open the main page of 360 security then memory booster on top right hand side there is a ignore list . add greenify to ignore list and you will be ok . it seems greenify and 360 security do the same function and when you run both at same time 360 tries to hibernate greenify which causes this problem .
i have the same idea once , but its hard to achieve . if use gingerbread , you can reference the official rom , and make replacement , but for ics , there different partitions , you maybe hard to suceess .
i think this will work though i am not sure if this is a virus . . .
an alternative would be to use adb push resp . adb pull to initiate a file transfer between computer and android device . for this , you do not even need the entire android sdk on your computer , a few files suffice ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . on a linux system , you could even mount the android device using adbfs ( see here ) , and thus access it like a " normal drive " from command line ( e . g . via cp/mv ) as well as from graphical interfaces .
you do not necessarily need dlna for that , nor hdmi . wifi and the right app might do as well . take a look at e.g. remote gallery 3d , you cannot only have a slide show on your pc , but even manage your photos remotely . the app runs a web server on your device , which then can be accessed via any web browser ( i.e. . completely os independent ) . only requirement is flash capability . for a presentation , also have a look at youtube . this way you can even take your photo gallery with you when visiting friends or family : no installation on the pc required . so as long as wifi is available , you are fine . the app is free , so it comes without investing any extra money , as requested ; ) alternatively , you could setup a dlna server on your android device ( bubbleupnp would be a good choice for that ) . nex , you would need a client to access it from your mac ( take a look at this wikipedia list to pick one ) . start the server on your android device , then start the client on the mac . the client should automatically find and list your android device , and let you browse your media . what features are offered ( just pick single entries , make a slideshow , have background music played along ) depends on the client chosen . a third variant would be investigating in airplay . as that is apple 's own stuff , your mac should surely support it . there are a bunch or apps supporting airplay you could chose from ; not having a mac , i cannot be of assistance in this area . fazit by iliv : bubbleupnp is a very nice software . i am having a lot of fun trying out various combinations . one thing i learned this morning is that i can use vlc to browse and play all content on my phone : video , music and pictures . video playback intermittently stucks for a split second , very rarely , but it does . that is unfortunate , but i am wondering if it is a vlc or bubbleupnp issue , or maybe it is just that two do not get along well .
in browswer 's setting check if you have made the " plugin load on demand " . if so , try " always load " .
kies via wifi ( a stock rom app ) connects your phone to the kies software on your computer via wifi . i am on cm10.1 , which does not have kies via wifi . but , there is probably a setting in the kies via wifi app that lets you disable the auto-connect function .
open kies via wifi , go to the settings , and turn off autoconnect . Settings -&gt; More Settings -&gt; Kies via Wi-Fi -&gt; Settings -&gt; Auto connect off
it is an app that is used to update your smartphone or tablet . the only way to kill it is to root your phone and uninstall it . it is a system app and cannot be killed .
summing up from the comments : no " reset " will ever roll back any system updates applied . for that , you would have to re-flash the original rom . for the device to show up with adb devices or fastboot devices , you must have your computer configured accordingly . if your computer runs windows , you will need a special driver ( koush 's universal adb driver might help you out here , in case you cannot find a specific driver for your devices ) . if it is linux , you might wish to consult my answer here , for a mac it might be similar . further helpful hints can be found via our adb tag-wiki . as you have multiple identic devices , some updated and some not , you should be able to utilize dd ( see also this wikipedia article for a starter ) to clone all partitions of one device and apply that to others . as partition structures are quite device specific , i cannot give you accurate details here ; a little research might be helpful especially on sites like xda developers . a custom recovery can be used for this as well : check out our nandroid tag and its tag-wiki for details on that .
you can get . apk files to your pc . create a simple html page with a link to your . apk &lt;a href='yourfile.apk'&gt;download&lt;/a&gt;  use web browser in emulator to access and download the file and install from sdcard of emulator .
if you got that . apk file downloaded in your system , you can easily install that by the following steps . first of all copy the . apk file to the android sdk --> ' platform-tools ' directory to start the emulator use type the following command on your terminal cd /path_to_android_sdk/platform-tools // press enter then type the following to start the emulator emulator -avd &lt;emulator_name&gt; // press enter &lt;emulator_name&gt; is the name that you have given when you first created that emulator . if you do not know that name , go to eclipse and click window--> avd and sdk manager . on that window you can see the avd name . after that wait for a couple of minutes so that the emulator starts . after that , unlock the emulator : open another tab in terminal or open another terminal and type the following commands cd /path_to_android_sdk/platform-tools; ls //press enter now you should see your application name . adb install &lt;name_of_the_apk&gt; // press enter ./adb install &lt;name_of_the_apk&gt; // for mac machine after that you can see a success message . eventually press on the menu launcher button on the emulator where you can see your application installed . click on the icon to launch that application .
that is weird . i have an s2 and when i get a message i can swipe the message notifications action and it gets me right to the message . if you did not find anything maybe you can add messaging as an unlock shortcut to get you right to your messages .
as far as i know , there is no setting for this unfortunately . samsung will occasionally update the s3 with os updates such as recently to 4.3 which changed the way text messages are displayed on the lock screen . so it not only depends on which version of android you are running but which samsung update you have got . perhaps you can try download a lock screen replacement app from the play store ?
on the samsung galaxy range of phones , running samsung 's touchwiz enhancements to android , you can take a screenshot of the screen by holding down the back button and tapping home . this does not work in some apps that take an action immediately when you press back , but as most apps do not carry out the action until release the back button , this will work for them . see also this previous question : taking a screenshot of an android phone ?
under application manager , there should be two google play services instances under " running apps " . these instances will also indicate which services are active , and that they were launched by an application .
after further debugging , google play services ' connection was coming across as needing an update in my app 's code . it turns out i had to clear google play service 's cache . once i did that and turned on , it prompted me to install updates . i did that , and now it recognizes it as re-enabled as it should .
you can reach the google voice settings by going to apps -> google settings -> search and now -> voice -> ok google hot word detection and turning the switch to " on " google hot word detection only works from the home page where the google search box is located . if you do not have a google search box , you can get one from your widgets which is accessible by touching and holding the home page with your finger .
i had the same frustrations with my note 3 back in the fall when it was new . i solved it by creating an app first for myself then made it available on the play store . but first , on the s5 you have to enable car mode for voice wake-up to work . then you can install the app s for switch voice free to have google voice search ( ie google now ) answer your commands . and finally you can now have something similar to motox touchless control using the app touchless notifications free which does handsfree notification announcement and has something like the new " what is up " feature on the motorola ~ if you give the command " open my notifications " it will read-out the active notifications with pretty good looking display . . .
this behaviour of rom manager was not intended , and according to the maker of the app , it has been fixed now . the reason for this is the downloading of rom icons when browsing the roms list . somebody had posted a rom as the icon causing it to be downloded in the background . i just ended up deleting the big file with root explorer . i do not know if i should have , or whether it broke anything , but i really needed the space . the article on xda , where this was discussed
there are some technical reasons explained on the android developers website that justify why the widget may have stopped working : any of this ones are not recommended to move to an external storage due to possible failure : services your running service will be killed and will not be restarted when external storage is remounted . you can , however , register for the action_external_applications_available broadcast intent , which will notify your application when applications installed on external storage have become available to the system again . at which time , you can restart your service . alarm services your alarms registered with alarmmanager will be cancelled . you must manually re-register any alarms when external storage is remounted . input method engines your ime will be replaced by the default ime . when external storage is remounted , the user can open system settings to enable your ime again . live wallpapers your running live wallpaper will be replaced by the default live wallpaper . when external storage is remounted , the user can select your live wallpaper again . app widgets your app widget will be removed from the home screen . when external storage is remounted , your app widget will not be available for the user to select until the system resets the home application ( usually not until a system reboot ) . account managers your accounts created with accountmanager will disappear until external storage is remounted . sync adapters your abstractthreadedsyncadapter and all its sync functionality will not work until external storage is remounted . device administrators your deviceadminreceiver and all its admin capabilities will be disabled , which can have unforeseeable consequences for the device functionality , which may persist after external storage is remounted . broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed " the system delivers the action_boot_completed broadcast before the external storage is mounted to the device . if your application is installed on the external storage , it can never receive this broadcast . copy protection your application cannot be installed to a device 's sd card if it uses google play 's copy protection feature . however , if you use google play 's application licensing instead , your application can be installed to internal or external storage , including sd cards .
as you have guessed , your widgets , live wallpaper etc will not work once you move them to sd card . if you are rooted you can use solutions like link2sd and data2sd which creates an extra partition in your sd card to move your app or part of the app .
i was able to root mine with the unrevoked tool . ( sprint htc hero w/2.1 )
see here : http://rootmydroid.co.uk/guides/hero/howto-root-your-htc-hero/ like you , i got fed up with waiting for ota upgrade from orange . using villainrom 12 , which is brilliant . no regrets !
the second half of the first post in this xda thread tells you how you can root your current firmware . basically you just use z4root : download z4root from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=833953 install and run z4root , click permanent root let it run until it says it has completed ensure you see superuser in your app drawer
universalandroot - awesome tool that is extremely ! easy . i used it for my sprint htc hero all i did was download the . apk at the bottom of the post , put it on my sdcard . ran it off my sdcard via estrong file explorer and it rooted my device perfectly . after it roots , run rom manager and install the clockworkmod recovery screen . after that , find the rom you want to flash . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=747598 good luck !
i have found the problem ; i had just one track by this artist in another album , and it was tagged " the chromatics " . " chromatics " and " the chromatics " were probably ( rightfully ) considered as the same artist , but android did not pick the right one out of the two to display . i have edited this track 's artist tag and now every track by this artist appears correctly tagged .
there are no apps such as this that work without a rooted device . this is because these apps make changes to system files - and you have to be root to do this .
that would be a contradiction in terms : in order to disable permissions on-the-fly , root permissions are required -- no way around that . for non-root users , there is only a different approach : take the .apk apart before installing , manipulate the Manifest ( remove unwanted permission 's requests ) , re-assemble the .apk , and then install the modified package . unwanted side-effect : no direct updates , as the signature on the package breaks this way . an app doing this is e.g. apktool , available for windows , mac and linux .
questions . are you using the stock app ? will you consider using a replacement app for sms ? if yes , consider gosms pro . contrary to what the name suggests , it is free and backups messages to the sd card .
have a look at slightbackup or ( again ) at lifesaver2: slightbackup on f-droid . org lifesaver2 on f-droid . org some notes on lifesaver2: not the one in google play but the old version ! an older version of lifesaver2 is available on the purely open source f-droid . org repository . permissions for the old version : used to read sms : ⚠ read sms or mms [ read_sms ] ⚠ receive sms [ receive_sms ] ⚠ modify/delete usb storage contents [ write_external_storage ] used to read call logs : ⚠ read contact data [ read_contacts ] used to restore call logs and sms : ⚠ write contact data [ write_contacts ] ⚠ edit sms or mms [ write_sms ] if you are still super paranoid you can use apktool ( an android . apk reverse engineering tool ) to remove the latter two or three permissions listed above from the given . apk . you can also inspect the old code snapshot and build a modified version of it yourself if you want to further suit your needs . some background on why lifesaver2 changed : lifesaver2 is in fact a migration tool that you use to move your call-log/sms'es from the old to a new android phone . you did that by backing stuff on the old up , insert the external sd card into the new phone and use the app again to restore there . newer android devices do not necessarily have an external sd card anymore . it is cumbersome for a big majority of lifesaver2 's users to manually transfer the backup data files , so the author ( which works at google ) decided to backup to the cloud ( google appengine atm . ) instead of the sd card at some point .
" backup to gmail " is an app am using on my s3 ( do not have any other android device to try it on )
if the reason that you are worried about permissions is because you are worried that an app might do something nefarious , why not try an open-source solution ? that way if the program was doing anything bad , developers would know from looking at its source code . sms backup + is an open-source tool . the source is available at https://github.com/jberkel/sms-backup-plus .
as you do not ask to restore them ( just to backup ) : did you take a look at txtarchive sms backup ? yupp , costs a few bucks . but hence it needs no ads , and no internet : read sms/mms , read contactdata ( both are connected -- you surely want to know who wrote the sms ; ) , and store to sd . similarly sms backup and restore pro for about the same price ( 2 euro ) , which also wants to write sms/mms ( to restore them ) , and keep the phone from sleeping while it does the work . oh , plus the requirement mentioned by flow : " read phone state and identity " is also required . -- though the app states android minversion 1.6 ( this requirement was removed with android 2.0 afaik -- for all previous versions it was a " must" ) . simple search for sms backup on the playstore , both on page 1 -- not too hard to find . hope you like them ; )
this is a simple guide , howto fix the emmc bug on cyanogenmod . 1 . at first install rom toolbox . 2 . open rom toolbox and scroll down to scripter and open it . 3 . click on add and make a script named " emmc bug " 4 . put " busybox mount /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard/external_sd . " into the command field and save . 5 . press on the created script and check run on boot . 6 . reboot also you can look at this post ( useful )
this is a small bug in cyanogenmod . you can mount /emmc to /sdcard/external_sd by folowing command :  su mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /sdcard/external_sd  you need to install a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) in your mobile for excuting command . it is 100% working .
the best way to avoid this is to add your country 's international prefix ( it is +39 for italy if i am not mistaken . ) this way your network providers treats it like it would without the prefix ie . it will be a domestic call if you are in the same country , but it will still work if you are calling from a different country .
as a workaround , you could include the country code of italy in all your contacts . this has the additional advantage that these numbers will still work the way they are supposed to even when you are roaming abroad . i am not sure if either android or the cellphone network handle this case intelligently .
i believe that the viewsonic does not have any onboard memory and instead has an sd card that can not be removed for internal storage and another removable sd .
according to this thread /sdcard is the internal storage of your device . it is so named because android counts on a fat/fat32 filesystem at that mountpoint for data storage . the optional external sdcard mounts to /sdcard2 and is evidently not available via usb from the tablet . these are the " user serviceable " locations in android . to work with files outside these paths you will need to have root access on the device and use a 3rd party file explorer .
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
i have not tried it yet myself , but here is an xda thread featuring a program that lets you move any app on or off your sd card and set the installation default to internal , sd or auto . i believe auto is the default .
another solution would be to buy some google play credit you enter the code you buy into your wife 's play store , and you can use that balance to buy apps
if the device that already has the app installed is rooted , you can pull the .apk file . this can be achieved a few different ways : using a specialized app ( such as appmonster or titanium backup ) via adb pull if the adb daemon runs in root-mode ( it usually does not , but that can be achieved using adbd insecure ) src using a file explorer and granting it root access , and searching for the apk in your /data/ partition disclaimer : as long as you pull these files " for backup " but keep them to yourself , there should not be any legal risks . any other use may constitute warez . using this method to install the . apk file to another device is at your own will and risk .
a solution could be to add your google account to her phone , disable all syncing ( gmail , calendar , contacts , etc . ) , and then install the app from the play store from your account . i did this with my wife 's phone so that i could use some apps that i had purchased but on her phone . google play currently has " no data move functionality available " source so transferring purchases is not an option .
there are various ways through which you could buy a premium for other users you wish you can buy some credit through the google play gift card as john has suggested although its availability is limited ( i.e. . if google play gift cards are not supported in their area then it would be waste of buying the credit ) . some applications also have the " pay for other 's " feature like in whatsapp . through this if both the users are using and you wish to make another user a premium then you can go in for this option . this option is normally available under the settings . good part - this feature is not geographically limited . bad part - both the users need to use this software . download bluestacks on any desktop or laptop . login with the other person 's account ( your wife 's gmail account ) . select the app from my apps and you can purchase it . good part - you do not at all require any android operating device . you can download it on any windows operating system . ( correct me if i am wrong on this ) bad part - although blue stacks works perfectly for almost all the apps some applications may not work properly ( depending on your machine 's hardware limitations ) and does not support any os other then windows update :-here when a has downloaded the blue stacks he will install the tiny cam app for which he has to purchase it . as a has signed in using his wife 's account all the purchases will be made in the name of the account holder i.e. his wife not on a so on doing so automatically the purchase is made on the wife 's email id . later when his wife will open the play store the application will be automatically installed/updated as a premium .
good question , there is no gift system in google play like steam has . this app has a free version limited to 4 simultaneous cameras and 30 secs audio , try that one . if she really needs the full vesion , you can register your pay method , but each time you change one payment method to your google 's account they discount 1,5 usd from you credit card so take that in count .
if the app is available from amazon 's app store you can buy the app on amazon from a pc and then install the app on the phone from amazon 's app store app .
short answer you yourself cannot . but you can ask the developer to implement that . tl ; dr explanation in easy terms : an app itself must " register for this service " , which must be done in code . the " share picker " is not handled by apps directly – it is rather the system taking care for that . so it must be made known to the system if an app has something to contribute ( or can accept from ) here , and if so , for what actions/content types . for example , an url ( link ) basically is " normal text " ( consisting of characters ) , so it could be copy/pasted to other " text processing apps " ( notepads , word processors , etc . ) ; but it could also be passed to browsers or other link-sharing apps in a specific way . a video makes no sense to be copied into a text-based app , so when " sharing " it you would not like a notepad-type app to be in the share menu ( which otherwise would be really cluttered pretty soon ) . so an app must " tell " the system what type of " sharing content " it can accept , and it must provide a " standardized interface " for this which the system ( or rather its " share " component ) then can address . additional hints as your question was for a dictionary-type app : several other apps support those directly . so e.g. colordict ( my personal favorite currently ) is an online/offline dictionary app directly supported by e.g. moon+ reader ( my favorite app for reading ebooks – epub , mobi , pdf , and more supported ) . looking up a term even makes colordict blending in seemlessly . so apart from the " standard sharing option " of the system , there are also other ways to achieve things . but again , it is up to the developer to implement this .
all you have to do is press and hold the text message you want to delete . you will then be prompted to select more text messages to delete or just delete the one you have selected . if your android version is too old for this let me know and i will emulate your specific version and figure it out for you .
it will not fit , the note 2 batteries are physically larger than the note 1 's battery slots . your best bet is finding a good third-party extended battery .
i have the exact same problem , the only thing that fixes is doing :  e2fsck -fpDC0 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2  but i have to do it every boot .
to add , after a little thought i think the lack of a cache directory may have been my problem all along . i formatted this ext2 and this may have solved the problem . therefore a damaged cache directory might have been the root cause of this problem . after formatting the cache and running /sbin/recovery it went straight into clockwork ( it was a big surprise ) . . i went to hboot and ruu'ed a new rom immediately ( unfortunately in my excitement and due to a mislabel by the uploader ) it turned out to be a telus one . . . which is giving me problems . . but heck . . simple ones . the moral here is do not give up . nearly everybody said this was a bricked phone . but , i think , if you have hboot/fastboot or ( most probably need rooted ) adb access you can do many things to get things going - i learned a lot ) ) ) )
the problem simply disappeared after a few weeks . i guess the carrier changed something or my phone got updated without informing me . . . who knows .
is google places out for india ? one of the main menu items is " atm " . if not , you are probably better off using the website for your bank . if they are good , they have already got a mobile version of the site and one of the primary functions i would think they had have is atm locations .
new app just launched : atm hunter do not know how well it covers india .
it is not difficult to create the necessary code to listen to incoming messages , handle their data and send them to a tcp socket . i have done such an app but can not release it is code , unfortunately . all i can say is it is pretty simple , just research incoming sms handling ( for example here ) and sockets ( for example here ) . as to your other question , there is some latency when receiving sms , but this depends on your carrier . they store the messages in a queue and send them to your phone as fast as they can . so , depending on your carrier they may have some limits on how many messages they accept into the queue . you can estimate the delay in the messages by sending a sms to your phone from 2 other phones simultaneously , and check the difference in receiving the messages . you can then estimate the handling speed per minute . for example , if there is a two second delay , it would take (200*2)/60=6m40s to process 200 messages .
i can think of two approaches : for one , there is android-notifier , which claims to react on events ( amongst others : incoming sms ) and sends notifications to a desktop pendant ( multi-os ) . as the source code is available , it could be investigated ( as to replace the pc desktop application by your own processor ) and adapted . and then there always is tasker ( with good documentation and a free 7 day trial available at its project site ) . it also can react on , amongs others , incoming sms , and perform different actions ( also on the sms ' text ) , such as e.g. " browse url " ( you could urlencode the sms and send it as parameter , i guess -- the " http get"/"http post " actions is probably smoother , as easier to configure with parameters ) , " compose email " ( again can be processed asynchronously at the pc ) , and more ( see already linked project site for details ) .
if you just want to see the poll results without addition processing in your computer , i would suggest the following two apps : poll-box fastfeedbak lite with either of these apps you can receive the sms ( text messages ) and display the result in the device 's screen . this device screen can be displayed in any larger displays using hdmi connection or other screen cast apps . if this solves your issue , you can totally avoid your dependency on the computer .
the listed amounts are for the internal memory .
i just found the way to change start day of the week in calendar app . it is related to language ( "locale " in pre-2.3 ) settings : " english ( united kingdom ) " sets monday as the start day of the week . " english ( united states ) " sets sunday as the start day of the week . where to find this option : android 2.1 eclair ( samsung galaxy spica ) at home screen -> [ menu ] button -> settings -> language and keyboard -> select locale android 2.3.7 gingerbread , ( sony ericson xperia st25i ) at home screen -> [ menu ] button -> settings -> language and keyboard -> select language
this is apparently not possible on a motorola droid with android 2.1 . froyo is slated to release next week . maybe it will also change the ability to set this value . ( if it does i will change this answer . ) sadly , this is still not possible with android 2.2 either .
i am not exactly sure whether it is the same on general android as my have a hero with sense but on my phone it is : open calendar/press menu key/ press more/ settings/calendar view settings/first day of the week
the popular home screen replacement launcherpro plus comes with a home screen widget that does just this and sync 's with your google calendar
i am actually not sure that the kernel version matters for this exploit . it was a bug that was patched in the platform_system_core repository , which i think comprises libraries and system files that live on in the /system directory ( the readme says as much ) . the patch was committed on july 19 , 2010 ( in the froyo branch , anyway ) . i would wager that any kernel with a build date later than that also has the updated system files , so the system would not be vulnerable . uname -a would tell you the build date of a given device 's kernel , but beyond that i do not know that you could really line it up with a specific kernel version , especially on devices from different manufacturers/carriers/etc .
false negatives are rare in my experience . i did try to take a picture of myself with another phone and point the face unlock at the photo on the screen and that unlocked it . so it is not secure at all . if it fails to unlock automatically , is there a fallback password/pin mechanism to unlock the device ? it does require you to choose a pattern as fallback
the ics ' config screen says it is for low security situation . it should not be used for cases where you have sensitive information , and more for the casual user that uses their phones for personal photos ; not the type who carries their company 's next secret world domination plan . while face unlock is a gimmick , it is a cool gimmick nevertheless , and i am sure it will be used by the casual users who values convenience more than security , as it is basically an automatic unlock for them . if it fails to unlock automatically , is there a fallback password/pin mechanism to unlock the device ? not sure about that ; but all stock unlock mechanism has a fallback to unlock using your google account username and password . i do not see why they would not do that with face recognition .
as seen on the android event today , if it can not verify face it falls back to pin/pattern .
i have samsung galaxy s2 , running cm10.1 on my stock browser , i can long-press a link . a menu opens , and one of the menu items is Copy link URL .
ogg is supported by default . supported media formats
as for now i consider the stock sms/mms app a leftover on tablet devices without an gsm/umts module . i serves no purpose on such devices .
you can download an app such as textplus from the market for free and then send mms and sms from that app . i am not sure what app you are talking about since i do not have a thinkpad tablet but i know that you can use textplus .
another app/service to try would be google voice . you can get a phone number and send/receive sms ( and voicemail ) . this may only work ( or work well in the us , though ) .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
this is actually an important question , and far better to ask now than try it and be stuck with a blank screen ! android roms are specific to the device . this is why cyanogenmod and others have the specific device model and code name on them . even in cases where the deveice looks and feels the same and has the same name e.g. samsung galaxy s4: gt-i9505 gt-i9500 they both run android 4.4 now , and they look and to all user purposes are the same device . under the hood there are differences , and no rom will be compatible between the two . i had used the google edition s4 as my example as roms were not compatible between two devices with exactly the same hardware , but work arounds are being found . the general rule is : if your device is not specifically listed do not install the rom ! in your case here i am sure it will brick the device as there is different hardware ( buttons etc ) , a different model code , and a different partition structure .
i am almost certain that you have to download the rom for the exact device you are using . i tried to download the root file for another model of my galaxy s4 ( at and t ) not realizing that my version was different ( t mobile ) and ended up bricking my phone . so it applies to roms as well . find the exact model of your phone . i also had to go to " about device " and match the baseband versions .
you may add the following rules to your user stylesheet : result in opera on this comic : caveat : i don’t own an android , so this may not work . update there is a command line version of xkcd . cm , where titles are printed out .
it is unlikely that there is a way to view alt-text without disabling images . from a technical standpoint , alt is not a tooltip . (http://www.456bereastreet.com/archive/200604/alt_text_is_an_alternative_not_a_tooltip/) however , in the real world , many sites ( like xkcd ) use it for added effect . since touchscreens have no concept of " mouse over " , it is unlikely you will ever see a browser with a simple technique to view alts . your best bet is to go in dolphin 's options/preferences and see if there is a way to disable images .
download xkcd viewer app in the android market . you can then tap on the comic to bring up the hover text .
the right answer is to just go to http://m.xkcd.com. there is a link on there to show or hide the alt text .
good question . i am do not see an obvious way to do that to solve your problem on all websites . however , there just so happens to be a few xkcd viewer apps . i use this one which has a menu > hover text option . edit : this seems like a reasonable thing to try for link hover text , but it does not work for me on the default htc incredible browswer : tap any white empty space near to the link you want to hover over . now move your trackball up/down until it selects the link . don’t click it . there ! the tooltip now appears . simple solution . :- ) i saw this suggested here .
be an activist and upvote the defect here ! though that is a longer term answer . : )
not quite a browser , but the google reader app lets you do this . long-press a picture and you will get the option to view either the picture or the alt-text . see the attached screenshots :
google hosts their flagship device otas online , fortunately , under the codename crespo for the nexus s . some searching along those line resulted in this android police post ( affiliate links removed ) : well , that did not take long . here are the instructions to [ get ] your nexus s rocking ics right now . do not try this on the cdma nexus s ! download the ota package rename it to update . zip copy it to the root of the internal storage power off the device , hold volume up and power to reboot into the bootloader select " recovery , " then hit the power button once the warning triangle appears , hold the power button and hit volume up select " apply update from /sdcard " and choose the update . zip once the process is finished , simply choose " reboot system now " once it reboots , bam ! you have got ics . congratulations ! the link there is http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/VQ8PQk_V.zip . koush notes that this is for the t-mobile version , the i9020t . from dottech . org : there are unofficial reports that the update works for i9023 ( the super lcd version of nexus s ) ; and can work for i9020a ( the at and t/telus/koodo nexus s ) by flashing compatible radio files . if you are a brazen fellow you can attempt to update your i9023/i9020a with the t-mobile ics package but be warned : you might get a brick .
while looking around my android filesystem , i found that it did , in fact have a /etc/init.d/ directory . after peeking around in there , i found /etc/init.d/20userinit with the following lines : this being , of course , exactly what i needed , i wrote the following script on my computer then pushed it to my device : #!/system/bin/sh dropbear -s -g  ( pushed to device via scp userinit.sh phone:/data/local/userinit.sh , mind you : ] ) rebooted the device , then ran ps | grep "[d]ropbear" , and sure enough , it is running . coolness !
look to /etc/ directory . usually it is placed in /system/ partition which you can mount as rw : and later remount ro : $ chmod o-w /system/etc $ mount -o remount,ro /system  now your task to find executable or *rc file which you modify to achieve your goal : $ find /etc -type f -perm +110 $ find /etc -name "*rc" $ find /etc -name "init*" $ grep -R /data /etc $ grep -R /system /etc  google about each candidate to get know how this file was used . good candidate for including custom scripts are lines from : $ grep service /init*.rc  as each device unique you may need to do own guess about search criteria . . . for example i found /etc/mkshrc which used by korn shell . i update this file to extend PATH env var and now each time i do adb shell i have busybox symlinks in my path ! see also hard way ( if you have no luck with finding magic file ) : stackexchange-url
/data/init.sh runs at boot , if you have root you can edit it as you like . be careful ; ) edit : apparently you might need to shoehorn the edited script into the boot image as well . info on how to do that here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=443994
this xda thread provides a method for rooting without unlocking , though i do not know if it will still work for 2.3.6 . worth a shot . if i does not i think you had need to downgrade your firmware to avoid unlocking , which would wipe your data anyways . as for backing up without root , see how can data on an unrooted phone be backed up ?
i was able to flawlessly root nexus one with stock 2.3.6 with doomlord 's easy rooting toolkit [ v4.0 ] ( zergrush exploit ) . this also installed busybox and superuser app . no bootloader unlock or wipe was performed and no user data or apps were lost . some useful info can be also obtained here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/htc_nexus_one/flashing_guide
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
i am afraid there is no real protection possible , for multiple reasons : as you stated , all apps can read everywhere on the sdcard . this does not require any special permission apps with the INTERNET permission are not restricted in using the network in any way -- they even can create their own sockets and implement their own ways of communication while using an encrypted container would look promising on a first look , the camera app could not access this container either when it is not opened -- and if the container is opened , other apps could access it as well . so even using such a container and have it replacing /sdcard/DCIM does not work for your purpose summed up : if you want that level of protection , you either . . . cannot use any app requiring the INTERNET permission ( no way for that , as several of them already come pre-installed with your device ) need to root your device and set up a firewall forbidding all apps to access the internet ( which , outside the eu , would void your warranty ) need to have mobile-data as well as wifi disabled all the time , and never connect your device to any network as none of the above is really practicable , you need to compromise : when selecting the apps you want to install/use , check beforehand how trustworthy they are -- and keep your fingers away from " suspicious apps " as well as " suspicious sources " . as long as you are only concerned about the photos you take : if you find a camera app which can use an encrypted container solely by itself , this might be a way to go ( i never heard of such , but it would be possible to create it , so it might exist ) . another possible thing would be a " container app " that lets you specify which apps are permitted to access it . but keep in mind that your gallery app ( which you use to view the photos ) most likely will have the INTERNET permission as well . . . edit : as compro01 pointed out in his comment below , with android 4.1 and up you can add some protection by enabling the " protect sd card " item in the developer options . if that is activated , apps ( including your camera app ) need to have the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE respective WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to access the sdcard . moreover , perennialpinömpel found an app named informacam : informacam , part of the securesmartcam suite of mobile apps , is a tool that allows users to embed expansive metadata into video or still images ; encrypt media to trusted destinations using pgp ; and securely upload media to trusted destinations who are capable of accepting informacam media . unfortunately , neither that app nor the full suite is available on google play currently . i also could not find an .apk on the mentioned site , so one would have to clone its git repository , and compile the app .
i guess there is some trouble in your conception : connectbot is an ssh client , while windows does not ship with an ssh server pre-installed . so unless you have installed some ssh server there yourself ( details on that part are beyond the scope of this site ) , you will not have much luck connecting . you did not exactly write what you want to achieve , but there are different solution to connect your android device to control your pc . as shipped , windows supports the remote desktop protocol ( aka rdp ) , for which several android clients exist . the page behind this link lists up some of them . other than with connectbot , this will be in graphical mode , not command-line . a general solution ( valid for other oses as well ) could also be using vnc . again , this would require a server software to be installed on your pc , a corresponding client app on your android device ( also to be found on the mentioned list ) , and it would be in graphical mode .
an easy solution is to use teamviewer : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teamviewer.teamviewer.market.mobile easy to setup if you want a quick working solution . plus it works with mac/windows/linux .
install wireless tether app ( free ) if you are rooted . it features access control . means , you can use it to allow/deny ad-hoc clients for mobile data . ofcourse , for this . . it'll need to display connected clients . and , it works with galaxy nexus lte ! update : you can use fing - network tools , too . its clean way for your task .
it is quite possible you accidentally shorted out a circuit or otherwise damaged some part ( ribbon cable , connector , etc . ) while disassembling or re-assembling your phone . the " power supply " line the tech fed you is probably just that , something they said to avoid going into too much technical detail . it is unlikely that they will bother with figuring out which exact part is fried , and will probably opt for replacing the phone 's whole main board instead . be mindful of the price they quote you , because these days you can get a used nexus one for the price close to what some parts retailers charge for a replacement motherboard .
power supply is actually a term with some actual , albeit generic , significance and meaning . in handsets , the power supply is probably ( i am not an electrical engineer , or expert on device hardware ) a component that regulates the power supplied to the device ( keeping the voltage constant , for one thing ) , and manages the physical charging/discharging of the battery . as far as what could have damaged it , it could be anything from dropping/shaking the device if there is a loose connection , to a short caused by water , to overheating . unless you can find a connection that got loose , and the power supply is indeed fried , you will need to get it repaired . if you think there might have been any water damage , put the phone in rice for a day or three , it will dry out most liquid that may be in the device , and it might just work .
according to the samsung site , the rear camera is 16mp with 10x optical zoom and enhanced smart modes , ois , 24 - 240mm , f3.1 - f6.3 . you can probably use this tool to calculate for a rough estimate of image dimensions . probably better if somebody with an s4 zoom can provide actual values .
you can not install android like windows or linux - every handset is a little bit different due to hardware and carrier changes . you could call technical support for your phone to find out how to change the language ( easy option ) , or find a rom to install that has what you want ( much harder option ) .
it sounds like you do not actually want to format and reinstall android on your phone , all you really want to do is reverse all of the changes that you have made and set it back to how it was when you first got the phone . android is set up differently from windows so that you should never need to format it and reinstall the os . there are two halves to the storage , there is the system partition where the android operating system is installed that is read-only , and there is a separate user partition which is where all of your settings , changes , apps and data are stored . this is why your file explorer can not edit files in the phone memory , it is for safety to stop you breaking your phone and to stop you ever needing to reinstall the os . all that you actually need to do is wipe your user settings . a " factory reset " is how you clear off all your changes , settings , apps and data and get things back to how they were when you first bought the phone ( make sure that you back up your data first . in the settings app you should find a menu option called backup and reset , if you go into there you should find an option called factory data reset this will do the reset back to defaults for you . for more on what terms like root and reset mean , please see this previous question : what is the difference between : rooting , jailbreak , rom , mod , etc . ?
as i have read in different places : freezing apps does not necessarily mean their services will not be running anymore . it seems even frozen apps are able to react on broadcasts , so freezing alone will not solve the issue . reference : if the app you freeze is sending the intent , then no the intent will no longer happen . but if the app is receiving intents , then yes it should still receive them . ( ase ) the solution would be to use an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , the pro -- the free version is limited here ) to disable separate listeners , so the corresponding services will no longer be started . a free alternative might be autostart manager which i have not tested myself : autorun manager / autostart manager ( click image to enlarge ) having disabled the corresponding listener , the app ( frozen or not ) should no longer receive the broadcast for the event it usually reacts on , so it will no longer start on that event , and thus no longer be running -- unless started manually .
use titanium backup ( or similar software ) to freeze or uninstall the services/apps you do not want to use . be careful since you might break the system if some needed apps/services are not found .
this is just based on a bit of research , not my own experience : android phones , unlike your symbian phone which worked , do not expose a hayes-command modem as a built-in externally accessible service . there may well be such an interface internally for communicating with the “baseband processor” , but in order to control it from another computer you will have to install an android app and/or modified os which forwards the commands it receives from an external source . i do not know whether such an app already exists . ( further questions on how to get the scheme i described working might be better asked over at stack overflow as they would be essentially about programming android . )
on phonebook settings , mark to show only google contacts . unselect sim card , phone , and other stuff . now , the default options will be google .
i have similar problem , on reading this thread i checked on the proximity sensor on the techno f7 and discovered it was somewhat blocked , i cleaned the blockade and everything went fine . the proximity sensor is located at the right of the speaker it is a small oblong shaped spot .
disclaimer : i have a samsung galaxy s4 just giving this a shot in case it works . are you using the stock phone app ? maybe you have the Turn off screen during calls checked .
the solution : i just had to be signed into facebook in chrome .
you will need android debug bridge to do that . you will find a tutorial for that here .
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
take a look at quicksshd - it claims " root " is optional , but i do not know whether it'll work with what you are trying to achieve . there is also the quite popular connectbot which should allow you to tunnel in to your pc .
as the policy says : this enables the administrator to erase all data . as it is a device administrator ( and not a user admin ) , this applies to the entire device . idea behind this is to protect sensitive corporate data , which might be contained in your exchange account . in case the device gets lost , your it admin can trigger the " data self destruct " . sounds like using atomics to kill a fly to me ( would not it be enough to destroy all those exchange app data ? ) ; but of course you could have copied sensitive data to any other part of the device . besides , that is usually not the only policy installed with an exchange account . in most cases it also includes that you have to use certain lock mechanisms ( e . g . you no longer can use a pattern , but have to use a pin or password ) , and in some cases even other stuff . which is one of the reasons i would never accept such an account on my device .
android does not have " device drivers " . if you were to think of the entire android ecosystem within your handset , split into 3/4 , using the java programming language , the remaining 1/4 is the kernel written in c/assembler . it is there within the kernel is where the drivers are embedded . that is part of the kernel 's job to interact with touchscreen , accelerometers , compass , etc , and certain interactions with the hardware gets delegated to the android side of things . that is a summary in abstract form for the layman to understand . on to hardware manufacturers such as acer , huawei , htc , samsung , sony , zte , to name but a few , what each of those companies do , is publish the sources to the kernel , so that it can be built . although , having said that , some are not exactly gpl compliant , some provide sources , which may not be fully complete , quite possibly , due to the restrictions on certain closed-source for a particular hardware , or others just flagrantly violate the gpl and not publish it at all . perhaps , some do distribute the source in which the process of rolling your own kernel can fail due to malformed errors in the code or missing extra code . that applies to , generally older kernels , version 2.6 . x , in which a mix-and-match of the appropriate sources gets merged in manually , to create a build , this is where it can backfire quite horribly , the build breaks , kernel refuses to boot and lots of hacking to get the build to work . atheros , is one very classic example of a wifi chipset found in quite a large majority of handsets , notably , the sources for the device driver , are quite hard to find , which has resulted in broken builds of the driver , in turn , when integrated with the kernel , as a whole , android refuses to start the wifi . due to obscurity of the source , hackers have attempted to get the appropriate wifi driver from other stock roms thereby exacerbating the gambling on the functionality of the wifi which either work or break . the newer kernel versions 3.1 . x , have most of the device drivers employed for usage with android , merged into the main kernel sources thereby minimizing the chances of mix-n-matching , merging the source manually for a hardware , be it a new compass , acclerometer etc . if there is anything amiss feel free to comment , and amend this accordingly .
while not the easiest way around the problem , it is possible to do this using tasker . this is a program that allows you to script various things within android ( e . g . i have it set to turn off the keyguard when i connect to my home ssid . ) the following profile for detecting wi-fi signal is quoted from this thread : profile : low wifi ( 1 ) i have never personally done anything that complicated with the wi-fi , but the profiles i have set around ssid work like a charm .
visit the contacts app in a desktop browser and sign in with your google account with which your device is getting synced . once done ( you should have successfully synced your contacts before this ) , the more button ( as seen in the image ) has option to merge .
another thing to consider : in reality all batteries are slightly different ( even in the same batch of the same manufacturer/model ) so most phones keep self-calibrating the battery over and over in order to get more precise battery property readings . so depending on how this recalibration feature is implemented in the specific phone , replacing the battery might result in non-calibrated ( all calabration data being reset ) or incorrectly calibrated ( wrong battery 's calibration data being used ) battery . in the worst case scenario it could mean that the remaining battery charge indicator is like 20% off . . . but there is no harm to the phone itself ( besides already mentioned extra wear for the case/back cover/etc )
it is okay to use another battery as a backup . but if you switch the batteries frequently , you may end up with damaging your phone . even though the chance for this a very low , it is still a chance . when you change the battery frequently , you have to turn on and off the device . when you do this , the inserted battery spends power to start and turn-off your phone which is more of an unnecessary power waste . as a side effect , your phone covers may be at the risk of loosening , as a result of frequent use . other than that , there is nothing wrong with the use of two batteries with your device . instead of changing them frequently , you can switch batteries after using it for a certain period . ( e . g . a week ) your backup battery will always be with you holding a full charge for a week . see the battery tag for more info on battery usage tips .
ah well . it appears that the stock email app does not do sni . this means that in the initial connection to the server it was presented with another certificate it should discard ( but did not ) . it seems to me that this is a feature request for the email app , as other apps do implement sni . changing the apache ssl configuration to use sni with an initial certificate signed with the " gert van dijk ca " still did not solve it . logcat then showed : I/Exchange(12307): IOException while sending request: Cannot verify hostname: mail.mydomain.tld  setting mail.mydomain.tld as initial certificate solved it . i consider this an ugly work around until this has been fixed in the email app .
i have figured it out , had to enable mtp mode under settings => storage - > settings button on top right -> usb computer connection and then enable mtp from there .
i have a similar setup with ipod classic ( 160 gb ) and asus transformer tf300t . i have yet to find a direct method to connect ipod to the tablet and sync via an app . as of now , the only way is via a computer . if you want to go the pc way , you can use isyncr for pc and sync playlists . isyncr also has an app for mac . however , i am not sure of pictures being synced via isyncr . another option is to export all the music via programs like floola to your computer and later transfer to the tablet .
the Lock time zone setting in the s planner says : lock event times and dates to your selected time zone below . times and dates will not change even if you move to another time zone . this means that the event retains the same timezone it was originally created with . however , the display will be adjusted according to the locked timezone . e.g. if you were originally in gmt+3 , and you created an event using gmt+3 at 10:00 , and then locked the timezone at gmt+4 , then you will see that the time has changed to gmt+4 11:00 to reflect the selected timezone . internally , this is still gmt+3 10:00 . new events that you create will be based on the locked timezone .
login to your gmail . on left side you can see gmail click on that and you will see contacts . click on contacts and you will be able to manage all your contacts that are sync . note : use the email which you used in phone or one in which contacts are synced
remember : when creating a contact , you can decide where to store it . usually , there are at least 3 choices : google , sim , phone . if i read your question correctly , it looks like you have a copy in each of these places . in this case , tirath 's suggestion does not work , as gmail will only see what is sync'd there ( and phone + sim do not get sync'd ) . you then might want to take a look at apps like contact remover ( to ease deletion of the duplicates ) , or contact remover plus which also offers to merge or move them .
to directly answer your question : no , this modification will not harm your device . to elaborate : you did not overclock your device ( that is why i said it was safe ) . you raised the minimum frequency . what you see in set cpu is the scaling range . for any given moment your device decides which frequency it needs to do what it is doing . for example when only reading and not scrolling it needs only 200 mhz to basically wait for further input . this is done for better battery life . when actively loading pages the device will automatically increase the operating frequency up to the limit of your scaling range . this increases performance , but is worse for battery . in both of your cases the maximum scaling frequency is 1600 mhz . you told the device to save less power when idling , but kept the maximum " speed " the same . overclocking on android is done by raising the scaling range maximum value above the default . for example a very small and usually ok overclock for your device would be to set the scaling range to 200mhz to 1700mhz . this modification however can harm your device , but not very likely . it also often requires custom kernels to be flashed . when things go wrong with overclocking you can see random reboots and freezes , and almost never any permanent damage to the device . i suggest you try to read more about this topic on sites like xda-developers , before doing anything else with the device .
not a quick solution , but this does always force a reload of all resources from the server ( though the server itself may cache pages depending on your output cache settings there ) : menu button settings clear cache press ok , exit the settings menu reload via the menu bar reload button ** ( steps from android 2.3 ; others are similar )
download inbrowser : https://market.android.com/details?id=nu.tommie.inbrowser it does not save any data so there is nothing to cache ; there is also no need to root . it uses the android browser to render so for testing purposes , it should be identical to the android browser .
load the stylesheet in another tab directly with its url and refresh it . if you see the changes reflected there then it'll also change the cached version that loads when you refresh your webpage . this works in dolphin too . i also found that if you plug in a keyboard , you can press shift and reload just like on desktop . but i prefer to see the changes as above just to be sure . . .
i found that switching to " desktop view " and back effectively reloaded . menu button desktop view [ checkbox ] this reloads once , then uncheck the checkbox and the view is updated !
another solution would be to install chrome for android ( it supports 2.2 ) and then enable remote debugging in chrome . you could then refresh the window from the console by issuing the following command . window.location.reload(true)  for more information about this command .
i have noticed that if i refresh over wifi it'll completely refresh , but if i refresh over cellular it will not . this with both the android native browser and opera mobile . on an lg thrill with android 2.2.2 . maybe it'll work for you .
on my samsung galaxy s2 i can do a force f5 refresh like this : Start default browser Press menu button Click 'More' Click 'Settings' Clear Cache, Clear History, Clear all Cookie Data.  then stop and restart the browser .
if you are rooted , you could install cyanogenmod this comes with an incognito mode which should not cache sites to your phone . another imperfect solution if you are not rooted is to go into your browser , in the address bar type ' about:debug ' then hit ' go ' . then in settings drop the cache size down to minimum which is 100kb .
please see this link on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android_version_history see usage share wikipedia reference , obtaining user agent and application is not straight forward . many android browsers identify themselves as safari on ios ( among other things ) in order to aid compatibility many linux browsers identify themselves as safari on mac os x ( among other things ) in order to aid compatibility when i use dolphin my user agent does not show anything resembling gingerbread 2.3.4 or my browser . the following is by default though i can change my user agent that is part of using a browser . dolphin showing as a mobile device : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.4 ; en-us ; a1_07 build/grj22 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 dolphin with user agent as desktop : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( macintosh ; u ; intel mac os x 10_6_3 ; en-us ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/5.0 safari/533.1 for the default android browser on my tablet : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.4 ; en-us ; a1_07 build/grj22 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 and for firefox user agent : on my tablet mozilla/5.0 ( android ; mobile ; rv:31.0 ) gecko/31.0 firefox/31.0 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usage_share_of_web_browsers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/browser_sniffing to go much beyond general user oriented information/interest , you would have find out more from developers .
turns out the changes need to go into telephony . db !
your device does not have an armv7 processor . it has an armv6 . you can confirm this by attempting to download apps like temple run and firefox from the market - these all need armv7 processors . you can also install device info to check it yourself , it gives you detailed information . also , according to gsm arena your processor is clocked to 600mhz - the same as most armv6 devices .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
there might be an issue with the wifi channels enabled on your phone , i am unable to find this setting on kitkat i have no clue why ! maybe i just dont remember how to get there , go on to your router settings page and see the channel being used . change it and i think that would fix the issue .
sometimes i face this problem and i found out a working solution , you can try it if you have this problem too : goto your modem panel goto wireless setting change ssid to something else turn off your mobile wifi and turn it on again you will see the new accesspoint name in your wifi list test it if you are ok with the new name , our work is finished if you want old name because of your other devises work with that name goto panel and change the ssid to old one turn wifi off and on you may see the old wifi name is on the top of the list and it may work ( in my case wifi works again with old name ) good luck
this question thread has been very helpful -- i too developed the same problem , which started after 2 events : being away from my home for 2 months , and also receiving the latest android 4 updates ( over-the-air ) -- across 3 android devices : my htc one , my nexus 7 , and an alcatel fierce . all have android 4+ after hours inside the router 's setup panel , testing , i solved it with your help , izzy . but it was not the channel . . . it was the ghz setting ! the home router was set for 5ghz . everything always worked fine , until the latest android updates . now , none will work ; all give the same famous message : not in range . this is absolutely erroneous , since all pcs/macs in the house could use the wifi network just fine . ( i will not even mention the brand of router since it does not matter . ) to solve the problem , i tried eliminating most variables , in both the router and the android devices : ssid on/off -- did not matter ; not in range ; channel changing -- no effect ; still not in range ; restarting router and phones and tablets -- no luck ; toggling wifi optimizations/power saving/dhcp-vs-static -- no luck what did work was changing the broadcast channel from 5ghz back to the more crowded 2.4 ghz . success . and rats , i would rather be using the 5ghz . so i conclude that this is an android 4+ software bug . ( phone hardware , you think ? how could all three devices have a problem with 5ghz , when they all worked fine before on this same network , before joining other networks fine ? ) there is something wrong with the software such that once they join a 5ghz wifi network , then connect later to another network ( cafe hotspot , other network , etc . ) , they lose the ability to " see " the network they first connected to .
summing up from the comments : there are several things which could be tried : switching to a different wifi channel ( as suggested by aadi already ) shortly switch to airplane mode and back reboot the device wait it out ( i had a similar case where it automatically solved after 30+ minutes , but the airplane trick did not help ) factory-reset the device ( unlikely in your case with just a fresh device , but might be helpful in other cases ) if none of the above helps , and your device is still under warranty , contact the service – as it is most likely an issue with the radio unit ( or the radio-firmware ) , or some of the " drivers " . they either have you send in the device for repair/exchange , or offer you . . . a radio image to flash , which should fix any issues in the radio firmware a rom update to flash if you are no longer have warranty , or do not care , you might find yourself such a fitting image . sometimes , simply updating the device-firmware ( flashing a new rom ) may solve that as well . please see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for possible sources .
just received my brand new nexus5 on friday . . and it does not work with my wifi ! the solution is to set a static ip instead of dhcp . it is working for me now .
have you tried starting it in safe mode ? press and hold the power key to boot up your samsung gt-i9100 galaxy s ii . after the start-up animation begins to display , press and hold the volume down key . when the lock screen is displayed safe mode is displayed in the lower-left corner of the screen . to boot your samsung gt-i9100 galaxy s ii in normal mode again restart your device . if you have installed / updated something recently , try removing it and see . . . if that does not work , you might need to effectively re-install the os by flashing a rom of choice if you can boot to recovery , flash a new rom ( or a new version of the stock samsung rom ) . check out the relevant forum on xda-developers . else , use odin to flash via your pc and usb cable . be mindful of the model and variant - the international i9100 differs from other us based variants .
how it works is that mobile companies buy the rights to the android os to change the boot screen menu . thus allowing them to set a brand logo on the start-up menu . you are going to have to contact megafon to unbrand the device as it is a clear indication that the phone was branded to be locked by them . or you are going to have to uninstall the android os and re-install it again . this os versions can be found on the android homepage .
some troubleshooting suggestions : does the sms only show up in go , or does it also show up in the stock " messaging " app ? if it only shows up in go , we know it is an issue with that app . if not , an actual sms is being received by your phone . if it is a go problem , try clearing the go app cache completely . if the issue still persists , explore if it might be contact related as someone else suggested . if you sync your contacts with google , temporarily un-sync them so they go away and reboot . do you still get an sms ? if you are actually getting an sms ( feels unlikely ) you might want to contact your carrier just in case , they will probably be able to submit an error report so that someone can look into it . please supply more info on how your problem develops and i will try to expand my answer .
have you tried switching off " location sharing " ? it is under " privacy settings " in settings menu . read more here
untested by me , but check out : finger letter handwriting there is also handwritingnote , but it seems a bit limited . qmemo also seems like an alternative , based on what you require .
sparx 's suggestions seem pretty good . here are a few more ( also untested ) : genial handwriting myletter ( this one seems if-y ) graffiti for android ( very cool if it works because it converts the handwritten notes to text )
jotter is very good , but it is specifically for the samsung galaxy note .
it is my creation , but you may be interested : antipaper notes
generally it is the first google account you add to the phone that is associated with the market .
note that the google play store now allows use of multiple accounts ! in the app , press the menu button and hit accounts to see the currently selected account and to choose another . when you buy or install an app , it will show the email address being used ( on the preview page , where you select the payment method , permissions and such ) . you can still back out at that point . it is right at the top , at least in the newest market . ( bigger picture here )
if you visit play . google . com and click on " my android apps " , you will be able to see which apps were downloaded for each of your accounts . on mine , my entire app list shows on my personal google account , and only the system apps show on my google apps account . if you have a similar scenario , it is probably safe to conclude that your personal account will be used for on-device purchases .
it is probably worth noting that standard google apps accounts can not use checkout at all , so you can not put a credit card on them , and so can not pay for market apps . only apps accounts upgraded over the last couple of months to the upgraded apps accounts can ( if your account was upgraded you should have got an email with the title " your google apps account now works more like a full google account . " if you have not then the only account you can use to buy apps on the market is your personal one .
yon can buy apps on http://market.android.com/ using browser . this way you can be sure with which account you are logged in .
the free app screebl lite will fix this problem with phone calls . however , it creates another annoying problem after installation - the screen will not shut off or standby without you physically tapping the phone 's power button . tested on a samsung galaxy proclaim , running android 2.3.6 gingerbread .
yeah , just hit the power button . your call will not terminate . it may have been meant to be intuitive , to save juice . i use speaker a lot , and need to hit the power button to end a call .
at the moment the gmail app does not support normal email views , only the conversation view is available . as a workaround i believe you can open your gmail account to allow pop3 access , and then you can use the default email application , instead of the gmail application .
32 dbm equates to 1584.89mw according to this calculator : http://www.radiolabs.com/stations/wifi_calc.html assuming a 12 dbi antenna gain from the comments above , that gives us 44 db of antenna power . the signal loss for 2400 mhz/km is 100.03db , citing the same site . at the assumed 44db of power , we will round and say . 044km which is ~144 feet . since throughput is inversely related , you are going to have a pretty poor download speed at 144 feet , barring there is nothing between the phone and the computer , on a clear day . this is half guesswork , but hopefully it helps .
it seems that this can be done with aptoide server and the same android app for client . on server side you just copy all apks and generate the xml file via aptoide server script . user then installs this app , adds your repository and downloads/installs the apk .
if you want the user to be able to download and install the application just like they can on market , the user must be using the stock browser . otherwise , they must have specific plug-ins when using other browsers . when i use mobile browser to access the apk file located on my server , it downloads it rather than installing it directly . and yes , the unknown sources is checked are you using the stock browser ?
once the user allows Unknown Sources , they should pretty much be able to get apk from anywhere . . . check this stackoverflow question : hosting an . apk file on over own site
there is a program that does this for the iphone call shairport4w . it basically uses the air play feature of the iphone to play all audio through a wifi router to a pc running this software . edit : ok so download airstream . then go to the pc you want to play from , and download shairport4w . you will need the bonjour service from apple installed for this to work and if i remember correctly there is a way to install only the service without installing all of itunes . i think it is get the itunes full package installer and extract it as if it were an archive and only install the bounjour package . after installing bonjour start shairport4w since it is only a small program running in the background . then start airstream . it should find your pc that has shairport4w running on it and then start playing whatever you want . it will go over wifi and play on the pc . i tried is using amazon cloud player and it worked great . edit : i have just added the links to the mentioned software . though kevin explains it the other way around ( streaming from pc to android , so he is probably rather referring to this airstream app ) , the app i have linked above is the one for android → pc streaming . edit ( 2 ) : this actually is stream any music player on the android device to your pc via wifi . the new name for the app is allstream . look for it in the play store . unfortunately for it to work , you are phone or tablet must be rooted . i use it all the time since my sound system is hooked up to my pc as it is a media center , and listen to pandora , google music and amazon music from my tablet through the pc .
if you can skip the part with the " standard music player " , there would be some solutions involving dlna/upnp . this would require an upnp compatible device at your speakers end ( e . g . a fitting programm on your pc ) , and a streaming app on the devices . some devices have such a streaming app pre-installed , so you can share directly from your device . if not , you find several apps on the playstore , e.g. bubbleupnp . they act as a " dlna/upnp server " ( mentioned bubbleupnp can act as client as well , in the other direction , so basically you could use this on an android device connected to your speakers instead of your pc as " receiving end " as well ) . as for the pc software , you might check with our friends at askubuntu for a linux solution , there are plenty available -- see e.g. upnp / dlna ( client ) player recommendations ? , where several good choices are mentioned . i cannot speak for windows , as i live in a ms-free zone : )
if your pc has bluetooth capability , it may be easier to use this for streaming the audio . you need to enable a2dp on your bluetooth settings ( advanced audio distribution profile ) , then you pair the phone with the pc and all multimedia audio from the phone will be player by the pc . this means you can use the default music playing app and play your google cloud stored music too .
use the application on google play called airsong . this application lets you listen to the music you have on your device at any pc with a browser ( chrome , firefox , opera ) .
use VLC direct https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vlcforandroid.vlcdirectprofree using this app you can watch movies , play songs , view pics on your pc screen vlc player . requirements : vlc on pc after instaling vlc on pc you need to run a script which can be fount
two options : backup mantano 's database ( or the whole mantano folder ) use adobe digital editions to extract the annotations the first option will keep you locked in mantano . the second in ade , which more applications use it , but it is not as pervasive as one would like . the main problem with .epub is that annotations are not part of the standard , thus every application that supports it has to implement annotations in their own way , which usually means storing them out of the file . for pdfs , i use repligo , which stores the annotations inside the pdf . but many others like ezpdf accomplish this .
technically , cwm 6 is not doing incremental or full backups . what it is doing is storing " blobs " that are shared between backups if the data has not changed between the two . when you run a new backup , it reuses what it can . if you delete a backup set , you do not actually delete the data , and the next time you run a backup , cwm deletes any blobs no longer in use .
i know this is probably the last thing you want to do but a factory reset is probably the best thing to try .
just saw this today . . . androidspin : turn your android into a keyboard and mouse for your playstation 3 or pc another reason we all love technology , thanks to some clever development by xda member berserker_devel , you can now use your rooted android device as a keyboard or mouse on your playstation 3 . the app , blueputdroid , has been released in beta form and allows your phone’s screen to be used as a cursor and virtual or physical keyboard to input text . this app could also be used for your pc , for those that really want the most from there device ( s ) . either way it could save you quite a bit of money on buying wireless input devices for your toys ( provided they have bluetooth and are supported ) . a limited number of devices supported at present but it is being actively developed so something to keep an eye on even if it does not cover your device right now .
i can confidently refer you to my own app , androidrc . it works for all android devices with all windows pc os versions ( tried and tested , stable , minor bugs not included . . ) . it does require a server app , but for that you get some extra windows program native support apart from the mouse and keyboard : vlc player bs player winamp player powerpoint itunes windows power controls windows media keys control
i have not tried it myself but premotedroid states it works over bluetooth . from the market : use your phone as a remote control device ( like gmote ) for your computer over wifi and bluetooth ! main features : - mouse and keyboard control - file explorer - screen capture
there is an app project on google code that does this : androhid it does not offer you a full keyboard , it is meant more as a remote for wireless presenting or audio/video controls , etc . ( much like older sonyericsson feature phones , e.g. the k- vor w-series did ) . you need root . it seems inactive at the moment ( last release from 2010 ) and it is not in the play store .
you could download teamviewer for android and then download teamviewer portable ( scroll down some ) . this way you could run teamviewer from your usb drive without having to install it and then connect with teamviewer for android . i have used it to connect to my home computer and download some files - it works great on my evo . hope this helps edit - i could not wait to try it so i gave it a shot . it works pretty well but you can only access the main display ( can not point things out with the mouse on a secondary display ) . also i needed to enable the " presenter view " so that i could click the " next " arrow since the presentation was on the secondary display . the computer i tried it on was on wifi and my evo was on 3g .
i have a rooted velocity micro cruz t301 ( now running on android 2.2 froyo ) . you can find instructions for any cruz tablet on slatedroid forums . so far this forum is the best source of info on this tablets .
i am the developer of locale . locale has a plug-in architecture , and there is a free plug-in available on the android market called " locale bluetooth plug-in " which provides this functionality .
yes . tasker will do this . when you are setting up the state , choose " bluetooth connected " , then click the magnifying glass next to the " name " field . it will search for paired bluetooth devices . choose the one you want and configure states/actions . then do it again for the other bt device .
i have just released a new bluetooth plugin for locale - which looks for bt devices by profile ( a2dp ( audio devices ) or headset/hands-free ) - optionally you can select a specific device to look for as well . check it out @ google play : locale bluetooth audio plugin
this is not a really satisfying solution , but it is still better than nothing ( really disappointed by astrid , btw ) : according to the author , the app " locale sendsilentmail plug-in " by stafan dörr maintains a queue , so mails are not lost if there is no connection to the mail server . this is sufficient for my cause , though not very elegant .
on android it is not that easy to modify the " fstab " , as that is often stored inside the boot-image ( see wikipedia on " initrd " for a more detailed explanation ) . however , depending on the device , there might be alternative solutions . some of them would be : directorybind binds " directories located on external_sd to directories on internal memory ( /sdcard ) . this way you can transfer large application data directories to external_sd . " ( in other words , you could compare that with " symbolic links " , pointing to the external sdcard ) . see also this article . swap internal and external sdcard . according to the linked article , this should work for any android phone or tablet . this solution is comparable to your " editing of fstab " . root external 2 internal sd is an app to swap the cards . from its description , it does the same as described in the previous point . there might be more solutions around , but these are the ones i have heard of . hope one of them can help you out !
for those of you who have updated to 4.1.2 official release , it seems fairly likely that the release is causing the problems . if it is unreliable , you can always try rooting the phone if not already and installing a custom rom which is running on 4.1.2 rather than the official release which is clearly loaded with bugs . alternatively , you can always flash back to your previous version . someone reported that disabling samsung bloatwares cleared that issue , and also disabling wifi will decrease freezing frequency . look here , all are reporting same problem .
i have read a lot about this ; there are many pages devoted to it , and a suspected cause for everyone ; chrome , the ' sds ' fix , 4.1.2 , facebook , media scanners etc etc . bottom line is that no-one knows ; there is no one fix which works for everyone , and people are returning their phones to samsung and getting replacements with exactly the same problem . hopefully 4.2 will be out this month - let 's see if that fixes it . if not , i am guessing a lot of people 's next phone will not be a samsung .
my gs3 also started having the freezes . started about 2 weeks ago and varied between 3-4 times a day . in the beginning i thought this was due to a recently installed app and started uninstalling all my apps one by one . when this did not help , i backed up the data and did a data wipe/factory reset from the recovery startup ( vol up + home + power ) . this did not help either . i then googled and found out about the sds problem , but apparently , i was covered as i had the XELLC build . researching a bit more , i hit upon another solution that was suggested related to using the dummy file generator to fill up the internal sd card so that the problem which was guessed to be because of an i/o on a bad memory block would be fixed . so , here 's what i did : uninstalled all the apps ( did not help , problem re-occurred ) did a hard reset ( did not help , it froze again ) used the dummy file generator ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.nomunomu.dummyhl=en ) to fill up the remaining space on my internal sd . ( the phone froze during this process . i restarted and created the dummy files again , twice ) at this point , i did not have the freezing . i hard reset the phone again , just to be sure . next , while setting up the phone , i did not setup wifi or add the google account right away . i first completed the setup without adding any accounts , went to settings and turned off auto sync and then added the google account . ( something made me feel that was the problem . ) i also disabled " chat on " and " google chrome " that came bundled with the update . i do not know what i did above that helped , but the freezing problem is not there any more ( as of yet ) . hopefully , it does not return . p.s. : i was/am running official android and updates received ota . no root or mods .
have you tried using a different onscreen keyboard ? there are several on the market like swiftkeyx that use their own autocompletes , and they have other languages available .
i was having the same issue but in spanish and i just disabled sms division on the messages option menu and problem solved , no need to hack around dictionaries edit : go to " messages " > press " menu " key > press " adjustments " ( in spanish it says " ajustes" ) > uncheck " sms split " btw , this question is more suited for the android . stackoverflow . com site .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync -&gt; username@gmail.com , press the menu button , and click " sync now" ; it will prompt you to enter the credentials .
i found the solution ( on my samsung galaxy ace phone ) : i accessed gmail app on my phone , which prompted me to retype my password ( because i had previously changed it on a pc ) then , bang . . . market app started .
usually the phone should have detected the password change and a notification should appear in the notification bar to ask for a new password . are your phone connected to the internet ? if the phone does not detect the password change , try rebooting the phone . if the phone still are not asking for password , try removing your account and readding again , go to settings > account > remove account :
you can use an app like autostarts ( requires root ) to manage which apps can listen to which events . you just need to remove car home from the docking event .
i searched around a bit , and i think what you want are key mappings for your bluetooth keyboard . i found this on mobileread . it looks like what you want to do is possible , but it may require a bit of work . i am getting a bluetooth keyboard , so i may end up trying this myself . as always , remember to backup anything important in case you run into some problems . i hope this helps . : )
the latest version of swype beta ( or at least the version before the most recent version ) is a bit more self-sustained . all i had to do when i updated was to go to the swype installer app . it had an update for itself . after updating , it then presented an option for me to update swype and stepped me through the process , including disabling , updating , and then re-enabling swype . now the old way of updating swyped used to be you had to uninstall the current version and it is installer , then re-install the installer , then re-install swype . it seems as if they have improved on this former method ( that often had me raging because it would not generate the license file correctly ) .
you will need a file manager , and just browse to the same path that you do when you attach to email . if the xoom does not have a file manager , i recommend root explorer . if you do not have root you can try another , like astro file manager .
matthew recommended some good apps ( +1 ) and i wanted to also recommend es file explorer . if any of the ones already mentioned do not work here is a search of the file explorer apps in the android market . once you find one you can install it straight from the market page .
chompsms by delicious inc . available from google play store . with lots of extra features like quick reply , quick compose , scheduled messages , passcode lock , privacy , easy pick emoji 's , templates ( text snippets ) , signatures , heaps of customization options ( notifications , ringtones , colors , fonts , wallpapers ) , blacklisting and much more ! may diverge a bit from your precise goal , but works like a charm to achieve the same end . you can use this app to have a ton of templates prepared , and use them when texting someone . instead of typing over and over the same thing on different messages , either at the beginning , middle or end of a text , you just long tab the message body and pick up the desired template .
save it as contact ; then when you want to use it -> navigate to it ; and choose edit before sending .
i found a free app that will track this information for you : call meter ng . i do not know if installing this app right now will give you historical data but it is worth a shot .
this would be the toolkit needed to help alleviate your bootloop . read the whole thread to fully understand what is going on . http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/orig-development/toolkit-wugs-nexus-root-toolkit-v1-8-2-t2015469 you will be able to root your device , fix your problem , then if wanted you can relock your device or install a custom rom . i used this on my nexus 7 , when i accidentally wiped everything ( turned it into a paper weight ) . there were other ways to fix , but the toolkit is by far the easiest . hope this helps and good luck !
not sure if this helps , but i have a samsung galaxy s2 . i use go sms pro for texting , instead of the stock messaging app . the vibration settings can be configure through the app itself . in the stock messaging app , i could not find any option for vibration .
if your phone is in vibration mode then by default the phone vibrates for a small amount of time if you receive an sms . to customize it , i mean to increase the vibration to a little longer period you have to install some applications from the android market . try vibrate tools app from the android market .
you can enable vibrate for sms from Messaging -&gt; Menu key -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notification settings -&gt; Vibrate . not sure about email since i use k-9 ( in case you use it too it is in the app , Long-press the account -&gt; Account settings -&gt; Notifications -&gt; Vibrate ) .
if you want your galaxy ii to vibrate when your receive a text : go to the " conversations " page in the messaging application ( stock ) . ie . where you can view a list of your conversations . hit the " menu " button select " setting " from the " menu " list find " notification settings " towards the bottom of the page . select " vibrate " then , " always "
this is not an answer as such , more of a work-around . the other poster mentioned paid apps that can revoke permissions . i suggest to try using srt appguard , i have used it to install apps that are not supposed to be on a tablet on my nexus 7 and other wifi-only devices ( most notably whatsapp ) by revoking the device id permission .
this was available in cm7 , but got removed in cm9 and above , for reasons i do not know myself . it is possible that the maintainers of cm could not find a way to make this compatible with android 4+ and so left it out . there are apps on the market that can do this , such as permissions denied however this is now a paid app , and i am unable to report whether this works . edit : ad eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , there is an open feature request to add this to cm10 and later . i suggest you follow this request for updates .
try to flash it with pda . nothing will happen . put your phone in download mode and connect it with usb after you select the file using pda .
it seems to be related to the local time on my phone , which i suspect was slow compared to the network . so , while the incoming messages where arriving listed as the " correct " time ( on the network ) , i was then replying " before " them as far as my local clock was concerned and thus when the phone sorted on time their positions were swapped . so , i have manually adjusted my clock forward a minute , and seem to have avoided the problem since . speaking to a friend knowledgeable in these things , o2 ( my provider ) apparently do not provide phones with network-updated time , i do not know if this is true or not , but it would explain how a difference could appear in the manner described .
it seems that voodoo sound control on your fascinate/sgs worked because of three different pieces - the preinstalled voodoo control app , a specific digital to audio controller , and a kernel that can allow the two to communicate . as best i can tell the galaxy nexus does not have the correct dac nor a kernal that would allow the controller app to work . sorry , it seems you are stuck with eq apps for sound quality . my suggestion at this point , if you are needing more volume from your phone , would be to look into external powered amps .
on my encrypted nexus s i use a temporary tmpfs mount on /sdcard in cwm . it has enough ram to hold the new rom in memory during the update : download your rom to /tmp/update . zip and boot into recovery . then log in via ' adb shell': then do the usual update steps ' install zip from sdcard ' . edit : starting with ics/jelly bean there is the new adb sideload &lt;filename-of-update.zip&gt; method it works with cwm from version 6.0.1.5 onwards and you need the android sdk platform-tools v16 or better . if you are in cwm you can see a new entry install zip from sideload if it is supported . the old method still works : if sideload does not work , you can still use the tmpfs method . cwm expects /data/media as the location for the update . zip now , the mountpoint has however to be /data so you have to do this now : me@workstation$ adb shell ~ # mount -t tmpfs none /data ~ # mkdir /data/media ## Go on with 'adb push update.zip /data/media' and then like above  reason : starting with ics+ the proposed partition layout has changed . there should be no fat formatted sdcard partition any more but the external storage now resides within /data/ ( /data/media ) . to remain compatible , a fuse mount emulates the old fat properties ( access rights and such ) . you can see this when there is a fuse mount on /storage/sdcard0 , it looks similar to this : shell@android:/ $ mount | grep fuse [ . . . ] /dev/fuse /storage/sdcard0 fuse rw , nosuid , nodev , relatime , user_id=1023 , group_id=1023 , . . . 0 0 [ . . . ]
ce4 's answer did not work for me on my galaxy nexus gsm ( maguro ) using cwm 6.0.1.1 . i kept getting errors from cwm telling me it could not mount /sdcard even after i mounted a tmpfs there and used adb to push the update . zip there . after reading a thread at xda i found out that unlike cwm , twrp is capable of mounting an encrypted sdcard partition . so i downloaded twrp for the gnex and flashed it using fastboot . when i booted in to recovery it asked me for the password for the encrypted sdcard partition and i was able to flash the update normally . links : twrp xda thread
yes , custom recovery works with encrypted honeycomb device . the built-in encryption does not touch rom and firmware at all . it just encrypts accounts , settings , downloaded apps and their data etc . which can be located on phone memory , internal sd or external sd . that is why encryption is no longer present after factory reset because there is no encrypted data available . files for custom recovery environment live on rom as firmware . that is why they survive factory reset . as flashing files/updates has to do with rom , you will be allowed to do it . when it comes to nandroid backup , you can do it too , but the chunk of encrypted data will backed up in that form which can not be restored using titanium backup . yes , you could do nandroid restore flawlessly .
there is option in settings ( auto link apps ) check that option . your apps will be linked automatically after install .
there is option in settings ( auto link apps ) check that option . your apps will be linked automatically after install .
most samsung apps will not work on cyanogenmod because they are touchwiz-based . cyanogenmod is aosp-based . you would need to flash a stock rom , or any custom rom that is touchwiz-based .
gift cards expire after a year of not being used , i think . to check their value go to buy an app , and on payment methods , the card will be displayed with the value underneath . then cancel out of buying the app .
according to the tos , google play gift cards never expire . you can view your balance by opening your google wallet page ( you can also view your transaction history here to figure out where your money went ) or by contacting customer care at 1-855-466-4438 .
that help does not work for me , but it is not for the same version i am using , which is v7.6.1 . the help for this version does not work either , though ( typical for google , really ) , but this does : press on the search bar , next to the magnifying glass . scroll to the bottom of the page . click on " make this map area available offline " .
type ' ok map ' in search box and press enter .
open contacts , tap the name of the contact you want to set the distinctive ringtone , then open action overflow menu ( the three dots ) and tap " set ringtone " , select a ringtone different to default one and tap ok .
restore via holo backup didnt worked at all . nothing happened on my phone no matter what kind of backup i tried to restore . restore via adb from commandoline worked . . . well not the full backup ! ! it stucked at an app called " tasks " . but backup only from app and system data worked fine ! so i just let google restore all my apps . apps and folders on the homescreen were restored . email ringtone too ( hangouts sms not ) . alarms were also restored . i just pulled and pushed my whole sdcard0 folder manually .
basically , as screen lock secures your data as long as the data chip stays in the phone ( as long as debugging is disabled [ or enabled with no trusted credentials ] and the phone is not rooted ) , whereas encrypting it secures it no matter what . old answer : it is possible to access some data via usb , however other data is not accessible , plug your tablet into the computer and wee what comes up under internal storage , that is accessible ( edit : none of it if the screen is locked ) . of course given enough time a hacker in possession of your tablet could access all the data ( as long as it is not encrypted ) ( edit : for example as you suggested by removing the internal storage and reading it with a different device ) . if your tablet is encrypted none of the data can be accessed without your passcode ( if the tablet is switched off ) . if usb debugging is enabled or you are rooted it is even easier to access the data .
sure , you can create a simple alarm clock with llama . first , you need to learn the cell tower id of the location ( s ) you want to use . llama uses cell towers instead of gps ( by default , at least ) because gps is much more battery intensive . as long as each location is more than a few miles apart , you should be fine . second , you set up an event . for each location , you set up two events , one for entering and one for leaving . i suggest simply setting a llama variable when you enter , for example a variable called Location gets set to the name of the area when you enter , and gets cleared when you leave . next , set up your alarm events . you create an event , and have two conditions . the first one will check that variable to see if we are in the right place . the second condition will be based on the time , called Time Between . set the time-frame to be one minute . if you also want to care about the day of week , you can do that as a third condition . if both ( or all three ) conditions are met , then the action will be run . add an action to Play a Sound , Speak , Vibrate , or do whatever you want for your actual alarm . once you have your first alarm event created , you can long-press on it to copy it and make as many alarms as you want .
the first thing you could try is to clear the android market cache and data . this can be done from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; (All -&gt;) Market -&gt; Clear data . note that the " all " tab may not be available on your device , depending on your android version . if it is not there , then disregard that step .
evernote : have you tried using evernote for this task ? it allows pictures and the editor is one of the best i have seen on android . bonus : the widget is top notch as well . you could organize all items in one collection into a single notebook . sorting by date and searching are possible ( searches should let you filter on certain fields as well ) . syncing with the cloud comes free , so you will not have to worry about losing data . you will also have access to the web interface when you are not near your phone ( gasp ! ) . all this for free ! this is a bit more of a thinking-outside-of-the-box answer , but not knowing exactly your use case and detailed requirements , it may be what you are looking for .
memento might be what you are looking for . some random relevant features : free 19 types of fields : – text , integer , boolean , date/time , rating , currency , image , audio , contact , google maps coordinate and others ; ability to create your own databases with custom fields synchronize to google docs ( spreadsheet ) password protection barcode scanner backup and restore permissions ( as of version 1.9.2 . ) location ( i would assume this is to input your current gps coordinates ) full internet access ( for synchronization ) read contact data ( i assume this is for sharing with other people ) modify sd storage ( probably obvious why ) mount and unmount file systems i like most the freedom to create your own tables and databases , although it is a bit tedious to get all the fields just right . google docs synchronization is a seriously powerful feature .
does barcode and inventory pro do what you are looking for ? it lets you define your own " categories " ( collections ) . items can be created from text , camera , gallery images , barcode scans , amazon . com products , and user-defined templates . you can sort by title , date created , price , quantity , or " marker " ( user-defined ) . it is currently $1.99 , but it does have a 3 week trial version .
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
from droid forums to bypass activation : reboot the phone , when the green android shows tap top left tap top right tap bottom right tap bottom left must be done every time you power on the phone
found another way to do this besides noah 's answer : simply touch the android , and select skip activation . ~ android central forums ( brought to you by google and chrome browser ) i have not tested this out yet , so let me know if it does not work so i can take this down and it is not a nuisance .
as the links in the comments are partly broken , i try to sum some things up here -- before the remaining links go to nirvana as well . global shortcuts browser shortcuts messaging shortcuts Press C to compose new message Press R to reply Press A to reply all Press F to forward  ( source : htc . com ) assigning your own shortcuts while on the home screen , you can quickly open an app or an item by pressing a keyboard shortcut . while on the home screen , open the slideout keyboard . press and hold any of the keyboard keys ( a ~ z ) . tap ok . tap apps or shortcuts , and then tap the app or shortcut that you want to assign to the selected key . if you are assigning a shortcut to an item on your phone , follow the screen instructions to proceed . while on the home screen , press and hold the key you’ve assigned a keyboard shortcut to . the app or item opens . ( source : htc . com )
it is widely believed that the nexus 7 's magnetic sensor works in an almost-identical fashion to ipads ' smart cover ; i could not find direct information about the n7 , but ifixit has a great teardown of the ipad smart cover that goes into detail of how it works . the nexus 7 has a magnetic sensor that can tell when a magnet of sufficient pull force is nearby . the sensor is located under the screen near the pogo plug on the bottom-lefthand corner , estimated to be 45mm up from the bottom left corner and 15mm in from the left side .
your magnets are probably in the wrong place . the nexus 7 's magnetic cover sensor is not along the right-hand edge , where the magnets that hold the cover closed are . it is in the bottom-left corner of the screen , about 2 cm from the left-hand rim of the device , and 4 cm from the bottom rim . put another way : with the device in the " camera-uppermost " orientation , with the stock home screen displayed , the icon at the left-hand end of the tray is in the right place . you also need a pretty strong magnet . most fridge magnets are not strong enough to trip the reed switch , but a buckyball will do it ( if you can still buy those where you are ) .
there are different apps to change rendering effects , i think , and there is also an app to dim your screen way more if you are rooted : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.pruss.superdim otherwise , cyanogenmod does not have widgets for this . i think certain custom launchers ( such as launcherpro or adwlauncher ) have the option to create shortcuts to certain activities , so you could possibly add a shortcut straight to the render effects menu .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
there is no option to set notifications on sub folders using the stock email app . you can set each folder to sync but only the inbox will throw a notification . there are some email apps that will do it though . touchdown does for sure but it is a $20 app . k9 is another popular email app but i have not tested for this functionality .
there are many email apps for android , each one should have an option within the app itself where you can check or uncheck to be notified of a new email arrival . this list covers the most popular ones : email allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " email notifications " . gmail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " more" ; tap " settings" ; tap over the desired account ; scroll your way to " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " email notifications " . k-9 mail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " more" ; tap " accounts" ; long tap over the desired account ; from the popup , tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " notifications " and tap it ; tick the checkbox for " new mail notifications " . maildroid allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " preferences" ; scroll your way to " notifications " and tap it ; select the icon for the status bar from the dropdown ; tick the checkbox for " show separate notification " , aditionally you can tick the checkbox for " show once" ; yahoo ! mail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " options" ; tap the desirable account ; tap " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " show in status bar " . hotmail allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " general settings " and tap it ; scroll your way to " notifications and alerts " and tap it ; tap " email notifications" ; tick the checkbox for " message notification " . notes : some email apps , in order to notify you of the arrival of new mail , need to have the " auto-sync " and the " background data " active on your phone settings : this options are found on your device settings , under " accounts and sync " . " tick the checkbox " stands for having the checkbox with a green tick on it . the gray tick is the disable status . if your email app is not present on the above list , feel free to @zuul me and i will be glad to add it to the list . only email app with notification capabilities will be present .
in the email app in my android 4.4.2 , there is now an option for folder sync settings in each e-mail account . by setting a particular folder to push instead of manual sync , i receive notifications when e-mails arrive in a sub-folder as well .
since google did not seem to work on this feature , i have implemented it myself . you can download my app and my code changes in this xda thread .
if you are using gmail app : will notify only selected sub-folder open " settings " select account select " manage labels " select label ( sub-folder ) to get notifications for verify sync is applied ( all or last 4 days ) check " label notifications " you can also check " vibrate " and/or " notify for every message " as well . ( my gmail app version is 4.5.2-714156 )
try pcmrecorder . from the app description : this is a simple voice recorder . it records by high quality ( pcm/wave ) . records in 8000,11025 , 16000 , 22050 , 44100 and 48000hz - 16bits - mono . recordings are stored on the sd-card ( 'pcmrecorder' ) . record : records by background 16bits/mono records no time limit playback : playback by backgroud rename send mail settings : sample rate ( 8000,11025 , 16000 , 22050 , 44100 and 48000hz ) permission : record audio wake lock ( to background recording )
voice recorder can schedule recording at any given time for a predetermined time .
i find an app named bootunlocker which allow rooted device have bootloader locked/unlocked without swiping data .
when you are chatting with someone , you already know that you are chatting . you can see messages as they come . you are already notified . so google talk behaves intelligently and reduces notification volume . - thats for your answer to get louder notification , the only way to fix this would be a custom rom with modified google talk app , where you can disable this feature .
google talk notifications are not always at low volume . they are loud when the chat screen is either inactive or when phone screen is locked/turned off . the only time when i see low notifications is when i am actually typing on the screen and the chat is active . i am running android 4.4 kitkat , so this might not be the case with other os versions , otherwise , the logic given in the above answer seems true . but if i receive a message in google talk while the application is not open , the notification sound is at full volume this is actually meaningful , is not it ? anyways , i have also used custom cm roms in the past , which has an app called dsp manager . setting the eq settings to a treble high gave me better ringtones and notifications volume .
there are so many out there so it is very hard to say . personally i have only used rockplayer . it is very good . plays all modern media files , functions very smoothly without any hiccups . another popular one that is been getting some traction is vplayer . i do not see much different between the two . . . vplayer is new to the game so the features are still coming . personally give them a go and see what you like best .
if you used full-disk encryption , then your data will be accessible until the device unmounted the encrypted disk ( e . g . by rebooting ) and discarded the decryption key . if you store your sensitive data in encrypted container , then your data will be accessible until the application closes the container and discarded the decryption key . if you do not use any encryption , then your data is naked in the wild . many thiefs are simply interested to sell the phone to make a quick buck and so will simply reformat the phone ; but if the thief has a specific intent to steal your data ( e . g . corporate espionage , identity thief , etc ) , then you can assume that they can read all your unencrypted data . if your phone uses sd card ( instead of internal memory ) , then getting to your data in the sd card is trivial . getting data in internal memory took a little bit more effort , but is still relatively easy . a turned off device with full-disk-encryption is -- for all practical purpose -- a useless brick for your adversary .
in general computing , physical access to a device means all bets are off when it comes to security of data . a determined and knowledgeable thief is likely to either crack the protection , or at the very least copy the contents off the device to try and subvert encryption . there are several security packages on the market that can make this job a lot more difficult for the potential thief . these apps can remotely lock the device , wipe its data , and even attempt to " dial home " if the thief was careless enough to let it go online . this will deter most , but the very savvy ones . your best bet to safeguard sensitive data is to never have it on the mobile device in the first place . banking apps that store your login credentials , entering credit card info into web forms on browser , etc . are all points of vulnerability . in terms of damage control after the phone/tablet is stolen , it is always a good idea to have a list of accounts for apps that are installed , so that you can change the passwords asap . email , social network apps , etc .
as the other answers already state : physical access to a device means all bets are off when it comes to security of data ( from chahk 's answer ) . as this is already made clear enough , i will focus on some counter-measures with my answer . one thing to make it harder was already mentioned in lie 's answer : encrypting the device will make it harder to access the data . but there are several more things . if you e.g. leave usb debugging on , you make it easier for the thief to access your device , so it is a good precaution to keep that turned off . already named in several answers are several anti-thief apps available on the playstore . there is e.g. cerberus anti-theft ( one week free trial , then ~eur 3 ) which gives you a lot of possibilities , remotely controlling your device to locate and track it , set off a loud alarm , record audio from the microphone , and even remotely wipe the phone ( to destroy all stored data ) . similar functionality is offered by android lost ( available for free -- also see the video on that app 's playstore page ) . both are even using a " stealth-mode " , so a thief can not easily find and uninstall them . a good thing about android lost is you even can remotely install and activate it if your phone already is lost -- as long it is still online and connected to your google account . summary so in short and summed up : yes , a thief can get access to your data -- but there are means of making this at least very hard , or even limit the time frame he has for his " bad deed " . several things to consider on this background : do not store sensitive data on your mobile device in the first place , if you can avoid it . what is not there cannot be taken . chose secure apps which are proven to encrypt sensitive data ( and not store it plain-text ) . see e.g. viaforensic 's appwatchdog ( viaforensics is a forensic company which also keeps an eye on mobile security . andrew hoog 's book android forensics and mobile security gives a good insight on this topic ) do not leave usb debugging always turned on in your device consider device encryption consider using an anti-theft app such as e.g. cerberus or android lost ( there are several more with good ratings ) which also uses a stealth mode and thus is not easily found and uninstalled . in conjunction with this : act fast and wise if your device is lost ( e . g . first try to locate it before doing a wipe : it might very well be you simply forgot it on the kitchen table ) also do not forget the " obvious stuff": do not leave your andy alone on the pub table while going to toilet , for example : ) it is harder to steal it from clothes you are wearing then when lying around or being stored in a jacket hanging on the warderobe .
1 . you can install one of parental control apps and ask your friend to set password for you ( if you are ashamed you can tell that this is e.g. for your son or sister . . . ) . 2 . if you have rooted phone that topic is for you ! made this application as the system app and then unroot your phone . i think in your case best solution is using both methods above .
the app drawer is a part of the launcher app , so you can replace it simply by switching to a different launcher . just install a new launcher of your choice that works the way you like .
it might marginally increase your battery life , since if the network selection is set to auto , it will periodically poll the networks to see if lte is available . since it will not find it anyway , why not disable it and restrict it to your available networks ?
i have gone to the store where i have bought the pad and they change for other so that the one with the problems can go to the de asus support for changing the graphics chipset .
in my opinion it sounds as though it is definitely your sim card . this can either be an issue with the sim card or the phone itself . if the phone 's applications are working fine , then it is probably the sim card . you should put the sim in another phone and see if it can read the messages . if not then you should contact your phone company and ask them to send you the texts they have stored on their system . it will either be a few or them all depending on your company . my logic of thinking is that if the texts were stored on your android phone itself , there would be something else missing that is not your texts . either way hope this helps .
you can check whether your device is affected using e.g. bluebox security scanner . to close the vulnerability , your device needs root access . if that pre-condition is given , there are different fixes available , e.g. master key dual fix ( a module for the xposed-framework ) master-key security patch ( again a module for xposed ) rekey ( a stand-alone app )
i am guessing that you are running sony 's timescape interface . ( as you not mentioned anything explicitly ) so here are steps : to back up contacts using a memory card : from the home screen , tap the application screens icon . find and tap contacts . press the menu key , then tap back up contacts > memory card > ok . tested on xperia neo , xperia neo v , xperia ray running 2.3.4 gingerbread to 4.0.4 ics with sony 's timescape ui . should work on tipo as well . here 's a page from sony 's site for further help .
usb and mhl share the same pins on the connector . once the phone is in mhl mode , there is no usb capability . so , currently you can not use mhl and usb simultaneously .
no , the app will be removed along with all other apps and user data . if you root the phone , it is possible to install a tracker as a system app , such that it will only be removed if the thief flashes a new rom , but any app you install from google play or another app marketplace will not be able to do that .
when you open your camera , touch the " setting " widget that shows up by default on the right hand side . the bottom choice looks like three sliders , that is your settings . one of the choices is " store location . " that enables and disables geotagging .
this has been left out of the 4.2 camera application . you could get around this , if you really wanted the icon back , by installing the old camera app . you would need to be rooted to do this . you could also install a custom camera app off google play , which will not require you to be rooted .
open your camera app and send it to background . then use this free app , gps test , to search for a gps lock . once you acquire a gps lock ( yellow indicator on gps status section turns green ) , bring to front the camera and take the photo .
you can press the right soft-key ( switch application soft-key ) . the application switcher in android 4.2 includes the notification bar , which shows if there´s a gps fix . you can press the right soft-key again to return to the camera app .
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
this appears to be a little over " usb reverse-tether " requirements :- ) you actually want to share your wired internet backwards over the wifi of your android phone . the reverse-tether , imo , ends at the point of being able to use your wired internet over usb from your android phone . now , pushing that over the phone 's wifi to other wifi devices sounds like one step more . i am not sure i have hard this done yet -- but , i will certainly be happy to see this work . the htc feature of internet pass-through for usb would do the reverse-tether . now , the next step is to make the phone ' bridge ' that to its wifi and allow others to connect through it . another support in some devices is when you can make your phone a ' hot-spot ' to share its 3g/gprs access over the wifi . so , in theory , there has to be a way to reverse-tether the phone and then share that access over wifi . . . but , i do not know how yet . hope , this answer helps others to focus on detail of this requirement . as an alternative , you could use a usb wifi dongle on the pc . however , i understand your interest in getting a solution that will work with an android phone rather than carry a usb device for the purpose .
it is possible you are confusing " lock screen " with " screen timeout " . lock screen will provide security to enter the phone . the display timeout will turn off the display to conserve battery . this seems to be the one to which you have chosen 30 minutes . on my phone this is the longest natural timeout for the display , though you can possibly exceed it ( i have ) with an automation tool like llama or tasker ( maybe ) . to disable the lock screen , see settings > security > screen lock , or possibly even the shorter path : settings > screen lock . select " none " to eliminate the need for a pin . you may have to provide the pin one more time to accept as a credential .
you have to turn off the keyboard trace . unfortunately through a very poor design , you can not have trace without the autocomplete .
if using the stock keyboard : Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard &gt; HTC Sense Input &gt; Advanced &gt; Word prediction . uncheck the box .
according to the comments of reviewers , it is streaming only audio . so , it is lighter on the download .
i am the developer . it was using the full video streams up until last week when i released version 1.8 . however it is possible that the android mediaplayer when given a video stream , does not bother to download the video too , but i doubt so . now it specifically downloads audio-only streams , however only on android 4.3+ devices . android 4.2 and lower still stream the full video because the os is not compatible with the audio only streams . to give you an idea of bandwidth consumption , a 5 minute song takes up about . . . 3mb video stream , hd audio disabled 12mb video stream , hd audio enabled 3mb audio-only stream , if your device supports it . the sound quality is about equal ( possibly a little better ) than hd audio with video . on android 4.3+ devices , the hd audio switch in settings does not really do anything . .
i feel your pain , this has happened to me . it is very frustrating . i tried clearing cache for apps , removing them using the application manager and a bunch of other unsuccessful attempts . the only thing that helped was a factory reset . luckily i was able to backup my data prior to doing a full factory reset . i know you mentioned that it is something that you do not want to do . the only other option would be to root your device and flash your device with a new rom - but doing this would essentially be a pseudo reset , so if this seems like a valid option , i would play it safe , backup and reset . also , you mentioned that you were able to read the host file ? do you see any specific url 's or ip addresses in the " hosts " file ? if so , you want to clear anything that says google play . leave only the first two lines - which should be something like : 127.0.0.1 localhost x.x.x.x:port*  where x is variable and :port would be defined i found a thread on xda forums that might help - but it requires root . tested fix for google play connection error let me know if this helps .
" sim contacts " by " needom studio " is a free app on the android market that shows contacts from sim on the incoming call screen . you have to enable the " incoming calls to remind " option for this . i did not find an app that shows them in the sms or call log . i would really like that . even better would be just an option in a normal contacts manager to include contacts on the sim without having to copy them to the phone . i like to keep my contacts on the sim only so i can just put my sim in my old phone ( with longer battery life ) and it shows all the contacts .
i am not sure about htc , but you can probably configure your google account in Settings &gt; Accounts .
check this video . to remove a word press on - sign .
this device can be rooted using the zergrush exploit ( which is the base exploit in the gingerbreak app ) . to root : make sure you have the zte adb drivers installed ensure usb debugging is enabled on your device download this zip folder and extract the contents with your zte connected to your computer in usb debugging mode , run the batch file - this will use the zergrush exploit to gain temporary root , and will then push the su binaries , as well as setting suid to make permanent root work correctly source
yes , it can . gsm and later phone protocols automatically adjust the phone 's transmit power according to the strength of the signal it gets from the cell tower . it is just like how , if you are talking to someone and you can not hear them very well ( because they are a long way away , or in a noisy environment ) , you will tend to talk louder or shout , but if you can hear them clearly ( they are right next to you ) , you will talk more quietly . the phone works the same way . of course , for the phone , " talking more loudly " means putting more power into its transmitter , so the battery will be drained faster . if you switch to a network that has cell towers further away from where you spend most of your time , your phone will be using more transmit power more often , so it will use energy more quickly . note that it is the received strength that matters ( i.e. . how much attenuation there is ) , not the quality of the signal , so you may find this happens even if you get a better signal overall . cell handover , when you move from one cell to the next one , also takes more power , and your new network 's better internet speed might be a result of having denser cells in your area , leading to more handovers . finally , the worst thing for a phone is being completely out of range , because it has to periodically transmit on the maximum power to try to get a response from a cell tower . ( this is why it is especially important to turn your phone off for a flight : once the plane gets out of cell range , all the phones will start blaring out as loudly as they can . ) it is possible that your new network 's coverage is much better at your home and your office , but during your commute , you have not noticed that you leave the service area completely , and so your phone starts draining the battery then . in summary , there are lots of factors , so it is hard to predict the effect of changing network operator , but it can have an effect . of course , that does not stop it being a coincidence in your case .
many other users experienced the same things however the suggested thing :- you may be satisfied by the provided solution . it is deep sleep related . please download cpu spy from the market , and take a look at % at a single frequency . reset the timers and immediatelly press on/off button to put the phone in sleep . after lets say one minute being in " deep sleep " , refresh the timers so you get the actual usage , and checked the deep sleep time . in gsm only mode , it will not almost one minute , as it should , maybe 30 secs . in wcdma you will get almost 1 minute of deep sleep . and this is the reason why the phone is draining the battery quickly . - says a user . check the thread below : http://www.modaco.com/topic/346890-gsm-only-mode-drains-battery-abnormally/
in my experience i found that a gsm internet connection consumed less energy than a wcdma . ( can not tell about lte , since the signal strength is insufficient in my area ) . so by having " faster " internet , this might be the reason for higher battery consumption . another possibility is signal strength . the stronger the signal you are receiving , the less battery is used . but since you spoke about having a stronger signal , this seems not to be the case . maybe you double-check if signal quality is also improved on wcdma , in contrary to gsm .
the primary purpose of easy mode is to make the customization and use of a smart phone simpler and easier ( usually for a first-time smartphone user or non-techy user ) . easy mode vs normal mode for android is quite similar to apple vs android --> apple is often simpler , but less customizable . if you just want to use your phone , easy mode will be easier for you . you will not have all of the same home screen customization options ( but then again , you might not need them ) . easy mode gives you 3 default home screens , a simpler settings menu , and a simpler camera interface . if you love customizing the crap out of your phone , do not use easy mode . you will then enjoy a full settings menu , fully customizable home screens , the full camera interface , and more . here are some resources i found for you on google ; ) http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000003/10091/120408 http://www.digit.in/mobile-phones/understanding-easy-mode-on-the-samsung-galaxy-s4-14698.html
samsung 's kies software is the official way to download and install updates . these updates are released on different dates for different countries and networks and some countries/networks do not have all updates . it may be that your network has not tested and certified the update yet , or they might not be releasing this version at all . this page lists most of the official updates available via kies for the galaxy s2 i9100 phone : http://devsrom4android.blogspot.com/2011/10/samsung-galaxy-s2-firmware-updates-via.html
i know you do not want to add the birthdatr into your google address book , and that is fine . the method i use still require to put that info online , but what i did is i created a birthday calendar on gcal . i creates an entry for each birthday in that calendar and set a yearly recurrence . you can also set a reminder for each of them if you want to . and since it is a separate calendar , you can toggle it off or on at will . hope that helped or gave you an idea of what you actually want to implement . good luck : )
the only way is , to create a new unsynced calendar in your calendar app on android . but you have to create each birthday on your own .
you might want to try ebobirthday ( http://www.ebomike.com/android/ebobirthday/ ) . you can enter the dates manually . it can also import from facebook . hope that works for you .
install my new open source app birthday adapter : http://code.google.com/p/birthday-adapter/
this was raised as an issue in june 2009 and despite being discussed extensively there does not appear to be any way to show the original timestamp in vanilla android . this leaves you with a couple of options : use a custom rom like cyanogenmod which supports this , or install an app like sms sent time which appends the message sent time to the message itself
to move some of system folders ( /system or /data ) , to external emulated sd card , you need to do following : firstly , /data contents ( for example ) should be placed on sdcard . initially they are loaded by emulator from userdata . img file . so you need to copy userdata . img ($EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/userdata.img) contents to sdcard . iso . $&gt; dd if=userdata.img of=sdcard.iso i assume , that android virtual device is created . to change boot configuration , you will need to change fstab . goldfish file on ramdisk . img . if it is android 4.4 avd , then ramdisk . img could also be find at $EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/ create a temporary folder , say ramdisk-ext $ mkdir ramdisk-ext change directory to ramdisk-ext $ cd ramdisk-ext extract the ramdisk . cpio in the ramdisk-ext folder $ gunzip -dcv ../ramdisk.img | cpio -idm modify fstab . goldfish $ gedit fstab.goldfish in such way : string #6 from "/dev/block/mtdblock1 /data ..." to "/dev/block/mmcblk0 /data ..." create new ramdisk $ find . | cpio -H newc -o | gzip -9 &gt;../ramdisk_new.img everything is done , now you need to start the emulator , with your new ramdisk and custom sdcard:$ ./emulator -avd $AVDNAME -sdcard sdcard.iso -ramdisk $EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/ramdisk_new.img p.s. notice that in this example you can move only one of such folders ( /system or /data ) . maybe it could be changed , by creating sdcard image with several partitions .
the steps below will walk you through clearing the partition on your device . this process will not delete any information from your device . 1 . power up the phone by pressing the vol up + vol down key together + power key . 2 . the device will enumerate with different boot options 3 . use the vol down key to scroll and vol up key to select 4 . select recovery 5 . the device will start up , now power up to a little android man logo with exclamation mark 6 . press the vol up and vol down key together at this screen 7 . the device will display blue text on a black background . use the vol down key to scroll down and the power key to select the option desired . in this case , press the vol down key till the cache partition wipe is selected and press the power key to confirm the selection . use the vol down key again to select yes - delete all user data and press the power key to confirm . the device will then start performing the partition wipe once the formatting is complete , press the power key to confirm a reboot the message rebooting is displayed on the phone . the device will reboot and start the normal power up sequence .
may be it got stuck in boot loop . you can recover your phone . search the internet , preferably xda forum , for your phone model . they will surely help you .
there is now an actual google docs application in the market made by google . you can take a look at it in the market online here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.docsfeature=search_result - i have used it and it is pretty similar to the online look , but with a more native feel . hopefully , this is what you are looking for !
quickoffice supports downloading google spreadsheets , editing them , and then uploading the edited file . i am not sure if it will create a new document on upload or replace the other one .
solved : the android system is likely connected to the headset for phone calls , and some other device for a2dp ( media ) . some other device is still using the audio connection , even though the sound comes from android 's speaker ! what this means is that if you have any other a2dp devices that you have paired your android with ( laptop/stereo/etc ) then you will have to disconnect via the other device , not android . however under android 's " paired devices " list ( see image ) , the other device is not always listed as connected , even though it is ! if you manually try to un-check the " media audio " profile for the other device , it will not disconnect ! you must manually disconnect the other device outside of android . for example : if the other device is a laptop , you must disconnect the audio connection using the laptop . if the other device has no way to manually disconnect ( no buttons ) , just turn it off and use your android to connect to the correct device .
i do not know anything about this phone , but this thread on xda has dump of the stock rom . i am not sure if it includes the boot . img or not . the dump seems to be android 1.6 , the original thread is here and is huge . there is also a 2.2 thread here and it does look like the zio has its own section on xda as well . in the development section , i found this thread . it has the boot . img , but someone posted saying they were unable to use them . i would suggest sending a pm to the person that pulled the boot . img off the device in that thread . i hope this helps you in some way . . . i know what it is like to brick a phone , good luck .
you need to place your audio files in the correct directory structure , as i explained in this answer : there are special directories you can use to store your custom " noises " . the " starting point " ( root-of-noises-dir ) may be different between devices ( so this is rather a generic answer , as i do not own all of them ) -- pick one and check if it works , if not , pick the next : /sdcard/media/audio /sdcard/media /sdcard  in there , put the directories for the specific events : then place your sound files into the appropriate directories . done . now you should be able to pick them in your configuration ( s ) . alternatively , for an easy , non-techy way , you might want to take a look at the ringdroid app ( a howto can be found e.g. at maketecheasier ) .
free app version lists all sounds up to 30 sec . you do not need to place them in specific folder . to refresh list that app uses you can unmount sdcard and place it again and then start app . if you have really lots of sound files it might take awhile to load .
well , after accidentaly deleting my su binary , i downloaded and flashed the zip from http://download.clockworkmod.com/superuser/superuser.zip .
i agree that it was a little misleading / not-leading to anywhere . with the following steps Jelly Bean ( v4.1.2 ) let me go set a new APN with Samsung Galaxy S 4G Relay: Settings --> may need to press More settings --> Mobile Networks --> Access Point Names press the " button that leads to setting page " ( sorry i do not know how to call this button . on my device it is one of the three main hardware buttons where the others are " back " , " home" ) . there you will see New APN and Reset Default .
it is up to the app ( developer ) to set when the notification is dismissed ( automatically when you touch it , or at some other time ) , so it sounds like the difference here is not between the two android versions , but between the calendar app you were using on your old phone , and the one on your new phone . because it is up to the app , it means you just need to find a calendar app where the event notifications behave the way you want ( or where there is an option to control it ) .
i have too a htc wildfire . for the live wallpaper , you can not use the htc sense launcher . you must use another launcher like adw or launcherpro . when you use another launcher , a new option " live wallpaper " will appear .
google voice is responsible for these ; they are sent by default . see in the settings : you can uncheck this box and google voice will refrain from sending you sms transcripts of your voicemails from then on . also note , unchecking the box above titled Email the message to: only prevents email transcripts , not sms ones .
when you do a factory reset/data wipe , it does not put anything back from the stock firmware . when you install a new rom , doing the reset just puts it in the " new " state for that rom . to restore back to stock , you will need to download the stock rom for your device from samfirmware ( or another place if you know of one ) . then you can use odin or heimdall to restore the device back to its original state . these are the steps that i took when i initially reverted my device back to stock ( keep in mind this was about a year ago , so the files ( version ) used probably changed , but steps should be the same . i could not give you downloads for everything because you did not say what device you have . samsung made like 8 different versions of the galaxy s . you will need the usb drivers for your device if you do not have them installed download odin download 512 pit download jfd tar note that all 3 of those are from the same thread . it also would not hurt for your to read that post too . open odin , plug in your phone , then put it into download mode . to expand on this because a lot of people were asking " how to put in download mode " . the easiest way i found to actually do it , if you can can connect via adb is to do the following : # reboot download if you can not get that to work , try how i mention below ( phone off , battery out , hold vol+ and vol- ) , or try searching these forums for " vibrant download mode " you will find other things that " work " for people load the pit file in appropriate area . load the . tar file in the pda area . do not check ' re-partition ' . click start , let it finish . hopefully odin does not fail for you here , but it did for me , dont panic at this point odin failed on me . and i got the " mobile- ! -pc " image . now , pull your battery and unplug usb i also took out the sim and sdcard at this point . bring the phone to download mode again plug the usb back in ( the phone should be off ) hold down vol+ and vol- put battery back in press power re-run odin as mentioned above ( if needed )
i think you are asking about an application which supports this function . there are so many apps in play store . my favourite is shareit developed by lenovo . you can tap on similar button in store to see related apps .
UnifiedEmail is a library shared by both email and gmail applications . " email " here being the aosp email client . an example would be enter subject in an email and here is an example of someone importing that functionality into a project . this is the actual wording of the readme , which to be honest , is not the most helpful ( hightlighting my own ) . it is ambiguous ( to me at least ) whether it is an actual application you install with a shortcut , as the manifest appears not to add it to the launcher , i can only assume it is for testing , not to be used as an actual app in the traditional sense . this is a temporary directory that is being used to enable email and gmail content to be shown in the unifiedemail application this code should only be used for development . for shipping , this code ( or something similar ) should go in the gmail/email overlay of unifiedemail . but for now , this allows us to use a single application to test multiple content sources this code is just a shim to register existing accounts ( gmail and email ) from the device with the accountcacheprovider . all subsequent uris will actually be handled by the appropriate application .
i have since been updated to 4.0.27 and although i got prompted after my first app update as to whether i want to auto-update next time ( no mention of wi-fi though , although i suspect this is dependent on your settings ) to which i responded " not now " , i have not been prompted since in subsequent updates for other apps . in play store-> settings-> auto update , automatic update is turned off , and has no setting for ' wi-fi only ' . in version 4.0.27 there should still be a ' wi-fi only ' setting , although it is now ( hidden ) under the " auto-update apps " sub menu . in settings , tap the " auto-update apps " option : update 2013-05-11: i have had quite a few updates for various apps over the past week and not been re-prompted to auto-update next time - that is , until today . today i got prompted , to which i tapped " not now " again . i have not been re-prompted since . perhaps it prompts once a week or every so many updates ?
any recovery , be it clockworkmod or twrp , or others , must be specifically created for each device ( or sometimes device family , if their hardware is similar enough ) separately . picking a random device off a list in rom manager will not work , and may even damage your phone . quick google , xda , and rootzwiki searches do not bring up any relevant hits for " innos a35" at all , so it is safe to assume that this device is not supported by any well-known recovery makers . this may be because the device is too new , or there simply is not enough interest in it from the android developer community .
its a faulty phone . take it back and get a new one . but you can turn off mobile data and it will stop rebooting . or search google for " motorola defy+ rebooting " for other opinons
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
i have read , that even though the gt-i9000 claims to support 802.11n , it does not . i even read that if your router is set to 802.11n " only " mode , the sgs will not connect to the access point . this is why you see the device using 802.11g . i do not think you can change the channel that is used with the " built in " tether , but some of the 3rd party apps look like they let you change the channel .
according to this forum thread and this bug report , it seems that there has been a regression regarding usb modes in the kernel used in 4,3 ( the version that you posted ) . it seems that there is a problem with that kernel specifically , but nothing else in the rom , that breaks usb host mode in some cases . there are a few possible solutions : flash a different android version . an update to 4.4.2 should fix things ( as it did for you ) . flash an alternative , third-party kernel and try your luck . you mileage may vary .
this is normal if you are using a cdma carrier , such as verizon or sprint . gsm carriers like at and t and t-mobile can allow simultaneous voice and data , but cdma cannot . this is supposed to change with lte devices , although last a checked it was not working with all of them on verizon . if you have a cdma 3g only device it will not work . i am not positive but i think even with an lte device on verizon that supports simultaneous voice and data it still will not work if you are out of lte coverage area . i used to work for verizon until a few months ago and this seemed to be the case .
for me , this worked well : source
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
android lets you backup settings and data for installed apps , but does not have a straightforward way to sync the actual installation of them . if you prefer not to manually search/install each app from the device itself ( it gets really tedious ) you can do what i do : 1 ) go to https://play.google.com/apps to view the apps which are already installed on one device . select the app you want to transfer over to view it is details page . 2 ) if the app is compatible with both devices ( most probably will be but not all ) click the button that says installed . 3 ) select the other device where you want to install it and click install . you will still have to repeat this for each app you want to carry across , but i have found it to be much easier to do it with a mouse in a web browser than searching/installing
there no official upgrade of 4 . x . x for samsung s5302 . however you can install custom roms like cyanogenmods to upgrade your phone . but you need to root your phone before installing custom rom . check this out custom rom for galaxy y duos lite gt s5302 also this : cyanogenmod 9.0 [ ics 4.0.4 ] for galaxy pocket
could it be you restored system app data from a different rom ? similar error quoted in above comments by paul . this usually happens when you restore system databases from one rom to another , where the database structur may be different . apps in this case often force-close , things become laggy . important : if you want to restore system data to a different rom with titanium backup , be very careful best only do so for one app/database at a time ( to be sure it went ok ) use tb 's migration feature ( that is an option to be explicitly turned on -- it takes care e.g. not to overwrite databases , but migrate the data into the existing ones ) optional , but often helpful : in the configs troubleshooting section , enforce the systems sqlite engine to be used . repeat from 1 . only if you are sure everything did fine !
actually i do not think this is related to the sd card per se . some applications just do not handle being placed on sd or being back-upped and restored with titanium backup too well . i have experienced trouble with restored apps myself and solved the problems with removing the app and installing a fresh copy from the market .
you can solve this issue either from the android side or from the windows side : from the android side tap your device " menu " button , and select " settings" ; tap " wireless and networks" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " advanced" ; tap " use static ip" ; fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " save " . from the windows side open the dns management ; add a new forward lookup zone for the google dns and set a host a record to your local ip .
this is really a continuation of @zuul 's answer , to cover the dns settings in android 4.0+ ( ics ) , which is a little harder to find imo . afaik zuul 's answer covers android &lt ; 2.3 settings . from the android side ( android 4.0+ ics ) settings wifi ( click on word " wifi " , not on/off switch ) press and hold ( long tap ) your wireless network until dialog pops up select " modify network " check " show advanced options " checkbox at the bottom switch " ip settings " to " static " fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details tap " save " ( whoever made long-taps a standard interface feature is a dummy ! )
just followed step 3 from this link . this help to recover my xperia p .
you can not use kies with custom roms ( like cm ) , only with samsung roms .
as the link you provided mentions , " printer manufacturers can use new apis to develop their own print services — pluggable components that add vendor-specific logic and services for communicating with specific types of printers . " this means that the printer manufacturer has to supply an app to enable direct printing over wifi . without this , cloud-based services like google cloud print are you only options .
after a number of attempts , found this distro at github : update . zip had to replace updater-binary to another version matching my phone ( took it from verified and working firmware ) . next , modified updater-script to look like this :
imho these governor settings are overrated . of course it is nice to have such options , but it is confusing users more instead of helping them . just check your rom and ask other users for their opinions . in aokp for example you only need noop and interactive and you should be good to go for anything . you should save your time for more important things in android . just my advice , though .
the backup is held on your old phone . you would need to be able to switch it on to be able to retrieve it . if you get it switched on its simply a case of copying the whatsapp folder from the old device to the new one , opening whatsapp and allowing it to restore messages from the backup .
well , i have solved the issue , though i have no idea why or how it occurred . what i did was flash the rom , including reformatting the internal storage . in the process , i have updated the tablet to ics . i will not accept this answer right away because i am not sure if someone might have experienced this recently and knows a bit more about it than i do .
i am facing the same issue with my vox v81 tablet . i formatted its internal storage and did a factory reset . but when i rebooted it , it came to its previous state . i suppose that it is due to the avast mobile security i installed on this tablet ; after installing avast , this problem started . so i suggest you to uninstall any antivirus or mobile security application .
you can turn sync on/off for each app individually from the main device settings . under the accounts list , click on an account to turn sync on or off for that account . alternatively , you can simply turn off notification sounds for all apps . use the volume rocker to bring up the volume control , then click the settings icon to expand the volume control into separate controls . the speech bubble with an exclamation mark is the volume for notifications : drag that slider all the way to the left to mute notification sounds without affecting music volume . there is slider with a phone icon lets you mute the phone ringer independently . in addition , some phones have a blocking mode or driving mode which disables notifications completely . on recent samsung phones , you can reach this from the quick settings panel in the notification tray . tapping the icon in the quick settings panel turns it on and off , and long-tapping it takes you to the settings for that feature .
it is supposed to represent a hearing aid , and it means that hearing aid compatibility is enabled . afaik , this basically just increases call volume to make it easier to hear . it should go away if you go into the call settings and disable the hearing aid option . it'll either be something like Settings-&gt;Calls or pressing the menu button on the dialer to get into the call settings ( i think it varies some ) . supporting source , second source
for the galaxy s3 , this indicates that the telecoil mode ( aka t mode or electromagnetic coupling ) is active . as eldarerathis mentions , this is a type of hearing aid comparability . it involves using the speaker coil in a specific manner to inductively couple with a compatible hearing aid . in this mode , the hearing aid shuts off its microphone and receives audio only from the phone , effectively eliminating background noise and giving better performance than just using the hearing aid to pick up and amplify the phone 's normal audio ( which is known as m mode or acoustic coupling ) .
answer : i was using the cable that samsung provided with the phone solution : go get a usb&lt ; > miniusb cable that was provided with a digital slr a few years back and use that instead . the s4 now appears in the adb output and in kies just fine . &lt ; sarcasm&gt ; thankyou samsung&lt ; /sarcasm&gt ;
if using a better cable does not work be sure to enable the usb debugging feature under developer options > debugging
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
i believe its being caused by a certain combination of buttons at the bottom of the screen . i have not found a workaround , but here is something you can do to , at least not to store images ( its not much , but something ) . it creates a directory " screencaptures " to store images in ; if you delete it , it will be simply recreated . so , instead , in the same directory , create a file with that name . every time a screen is captured , it will complain that it cannot be stored , so at least you will not have to worry about deleting those images .
because google text-to-speech is not really an app : it is a library app . that is , it does not have a user interface for you to interact with ; rather , it offers an interface to other apps to use its functionality . other apps on the phone can give text to google text-to-speech for it to speak out loud . it is up to the author of the app in question to use the facility offered by google text-to-speech : only apps that have been written to use it can do so . so if you want firefox to use google text-to-speech to read out web pages , you need to file a feature request with mozilla ( the organization that develops firefox ) asking them to support this . for the same reason , the way you use it in an app that does support it , such as google play books , is different from app to app . there might be a button or menu item to read text out , or there might be a setting to make the app read things out automatically .
like you , me too got fed up with all these text to speech apps available and features . i just want tts to read a blogpost on google chrome . . . . but cant help . all these apps are of no use for screen reading or webpage reading since almost all thegood ebook reader have this feature and google text to speech is of no added advantage . in my iphone3gs i could do this just by selecting the text , either on whats app , fb , browser etc but not in android . somehow after trying more than 11aps i just found an app called " speakit " . i hopethis will solve the purpose .
you do not need to root your kindle fire for this -- as long as the following source is still valid : install android marketplace and google apps on amazon kindle fire . as that howto speaks about " android marketplace " ( and not " google play" ) , it may not be up-to-date -- but i doubt the change of the name affected the procedure of installation . a more up-to-date tutorial is install android play store on amazon kindle fire - the easiest way , but that involves rooting the device . maybe it has to do with the framework and a newer android version , which makes rooting a necessary step . edit : you may also want to take a look at these video tutorials : how to install google music / play on your kindle fire ! and gapps on kindle fire without rooting . looks like you can still have google play installed this way without rooting .
the necessary . apk files for google play store , services framework , etc . , must be installed in /system/app and doing so requires root access . so , you must root the kindle fire in order to do so . however , you do not have to leave the kindle fire rooted . after you have installed it , you can always unroot the device ( though i am not sure why you had want to do that ) .
you mean like a windows restore point that is created automatically ? android does not have this feature . what is normally done for android devices is to create a manual backup that can be done using nandroid or a third-party application like titanium backup . then , you restore those back-ups .
here are 4 free options . . . 1 ) the pindroid app : it is a port from deliciousdroid and was just added to the market yesterday . it looks pretty sweet . here 's some screenshots . 2 ) save the pinboard . in bookmarklet as a bookmark : ( this is still my favorite option ) this works particularly well in dolphin browser hd ( but it'll also work in other browswers ) . just create new bookmark , name it pinboard share and paste the above text in as the location . when you are on a site you want to save , slide open the bookmarks toolbar and click your pinboard share and it'll bring up the popup share window with the url and title already filled in . personally , i like saving it as a gesture in dolphin to make it even easier . if you do not want to have to enter anything in , here 's the code for the " read later " pinboard bookmarklet that'll just save the url automatically to your " read later " list without prompting you to enter tags , or a description . i find this easy to do in a hurry then go back an organize later on my pc : 3 ) download bookmarklet free go to " custom services " and add your own . name it pinboard or whatever you want . in the " base url " field enter http://pinboard.in/add? then in the " title parameter " field enter title and in the " url parameter " field enter url . now when you choose to " share " from your browser , you will have all the regular options like email , twitter and any of the options you chose in bookmarklet free , including your new pinboard bookmarklet . ( note : it actually took a little while for the name to take for me , it was listed as " my service " for a while in my share menu . ) 4 ) post by email with your formatted pinboard email you can choose the share option on any page and email to to our pinboard account . the instructions to do this are on the pinboard how-to section . i prefer the first option i shared but this is a decent last resort .
save to pinboard .
i took a chance and bought a 32 gb card , class 4 . it works . i believe it is a zap or something . this post suggests 32 gb cards work . i would rather someone on this site said so though .
acording to the specs here gsm arena : sony ericsson xperia x10 the x10 can take up to a 32gb microsd card .
there are a number of alternative on-screen virtual keyboard replacement apps on android market that support hindi and marathi languages . most should work on all recent android os version ( 2.2 and above . )
if its totally un responsive then you need verify once your harware whether its an exact replacement or not as htc wildfire s digitizer comes in two variants with chip without chip so match it with old damaged one and if they are same then the hardware will be faulty and you will need one more replacement .
finally managed to fix this problem . seems like performing the calibration with the use of a goldcard solved it . i will leave the link to the instruction here for anyone who may have the same issue . please leave a message if you encounter any problems when going through the instructions provided in the link above .
try using " unlockroot " software it roots and also unroots easily probably any phone i think
there is a post on droid x forums that links to this video that provides a seemingly simpler way to root your droid x with 4.5.621 . see those pages for downloads !
photosync ( sync to picasa ) might be your choice : photosync is tool for sync photos to picasa ( google photos ) . though limited , you can sync videos too . you can also sync photos among multi devices via picasa .
alternatively , you might want to take a look at apps like e.g. foldersync : foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . with this app you can define which folders shall be synced where , thus adapting everything to your very convenience . ( click images to enlarge ; source : google play )
the gallery is showing the instagram folder cause it scans the whole device and external storages and grab all folders with images . you can not sync that folder but can share once in a while with picasa so that process will upload images on that folder to picasa . and then picasa will sync that folder to your rest of the devices .
sounds like os monitor might do what you want . i believe it just uses the top utility to get process info . screenshot : and note that tapping on one of the rows will expand it to show info like memory use , priority , and so forth .
you could use a workaround , compress your file as zip archive and then extract it on your android device . i use androzip for it . as an alternative you could use a better variant . total commander .
have a look at the documentation ( search for http get ) . Server:Port www.example.com:80 Path path/to/file.txt  this is how you should format that request . the server is just the base of the url (www.example.com) and the path is the path to the file in the respective server ( path/to/file . txt ) .
you could use a so called " app locker " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to protect selected apps with a pattern lock . a more restrictive way would be to turn your tab into a " kiosk device " ( details can be found following the kiosk-mode tag ; just 6 questions , so it should be easy to browse ) .
by default , as soon as wifi gets connected , the mobile network shuts down -- so you cannot use both simultaneously . which means : no , even a proxy allowing for exceptions would not do , as the other network simply is no longer available . quoting from cyanogenmod tracker : each time you activate wifi you will lose 3g connection . that is normal behaviour of android network manager . there were attempts on " hacking " that , as you can e.g. find here . this source from the stanford university also makes clear on the standard behaviour : given wifi is connected , then turn on 3g data connection . 3g connection will be automatically torn down by connectivity service . given 3g is connected , then turn on wifi connection . connectivity service will tear down the existing 3g connection . except from " hacking attempts " as described by the stanford example , i know of no solution to the issue .
rssdemon imports opml files . justreader says it does , but i could not find it and have asked the dev about it .
android does not have a built-in rss feed reader , but there are many rss feed reader apps ( and websites ) that will happily import an opml file . if you want to use a website , or an app with a website-synced back end , then google reader is very popular , and you can definitely import opml files into google reader . on your device you can then either visit the google reader webpage , or use the google reader app , or one of the other many android apps that sync with google reader . to import an opml file into google reader , click the cog/gear icon in the top-right of the page , then click reader settings and then import/export . you should then see the option to upload your opml file .
i honestly do not know if there is an easier way to do this but i just long-press the previously entered text , select all of the text ( the weird grid icon in the top right in text selection mode ) and hit backspace on the keyboard to delete it all . when the text area is blank it will no longer put the " draft " notification on the thread .
when i had this problem it was caused by a corrupt sd card , so you should check that out soon : the longer you leave it , the more likely it'll corrupt a file you do not have a backup of . for now , try clearing the cache of any app that shows the problem ( from settings → apps ) . if that does not help , clear the data of the media storage app , from the same screen , and then reboot the phone . the media storage app is responsible for indexing your photos and music and letting apps search them , so clearing its data often helps fix problems with the photo index , such as broken thumbnails .
it just simply means that the memory i.e. 2.89gb is available over your external storage , and yes the reason why your device is showing you that you have no space available because its looking at the device internal storage . i would say to fix this error try moving all the music , videos , apps ( if its available for you ) to the sd card this error will fix up .
your screenshot suggests you simply uninstalled those apps . in tb , hit the menu button , select " batch processing " , scroll to the end of the list . there you will find " delete backups " . second item in that section should read " delete backups of uninstalled apps " ( or the like -- i run a localized version , was just back-translating ) . that should get you rid of those " striked " entries . for more details ( as well as solution to other tb-related issues ) , you might want to visit the titanium backup knowledge base , which provides you with a user 's guide , faq , troubleshooting tips , how-tos , and more . as for the one circled entry , the linked knowledge-base a.o. states : you can easily remove orphan data by running the “remove orphan data” batch job .
if you did not sync your calendar with google , i am afraid you will not be able to restore it .
it is the " menu " key on your keyboard usually located right next to the right " ctrl " key . ( it is the key that opens the right-click menu on windows )
" simply create a bookmark and paste the javascript into the url field . " bookmark a page that you have not bookmarked , then modify the bookmark , name , address , folder ( to something like " bookmarklets" ) , and assign a gesture , then add . suggest you create a gesture to create a bookmark and draw a five pointed star as that gesture . ( or use the "+" at the left end of the address bar . ) for more information see http://dmcritchie.mvps.org/dolphin/dolphin_mygestures.htm
chrome to phone and also . . . phone to chrome , once the the linkys gets synchronized , then its merely a matter of bookmarking it . the only onus , is that chrome is installed on the pc desktop , in that way , linkys can be shared .
finally got it to work and it was not complicated at all . simply create a bookmark and paste the javascript into the url field . i have tried it on this bookmarklet that does a google definition search : to get it saved as a bookmark i just saved the text in evernote then copied it on my phone an pasted it in the url field of " new bookmark . " to make it even easier to access i created a custom dolphin gesture that opens it as " go to url " . now when i am browsing and i want to lookup a word i hit the gesture button and draw a " d " and it brings up a popup that allows me to lookup the word . i have only tried this on dolphin browser hd .
it is not so much being " android compatible " as being compatible with the specific browser . that being said . . . i have not gotten url-based javascript to execute in dolphin , but that proves nothing .
it is possible that the actual screen is malfunctioning and you will need to take it back to your retailer to get fixed
you should select your operator 's internet apn from the apn list to enable the mobile data network . if you do not see it , check the settings from your operator and insert it manually from that menu .
not sure if this will answer your question , but there is a settings ( button ) called " contacts account " which lets you show or hide the following contacts : - phone - google - sim - facebook - twitter - show contacts with phone numbers only
it seems to be a driver issue . for windows , you will have to find the device driver from somewhere . seeing as its a generic device , that might be hard . you could try google 's generic usb driver which may work but is designed specifically for nexus devices . the other option would be to see if you can get yourself on a linux box since no device drivers are required on there . that probably has better odds of working in your case . if you need help setting this up , i would be happy to do so .
according to linux-sunxi : android adb access standard adb does not work out of the box . you need to provide a config file containing the usb vendor id : mkdir ~/.android/ echo "0x1F3A" &gt; ~/.android/adb_usb.ini  i dont know how this works with windows , though .
heyy i got an answer . go to youtube and search for update p1000 to gingerbread select vio 's , and download the file watch the video . i had the same problem too .
the best you can do is power off the device completely , but do nothing for now , head over to samfirmware and download the appropriate rom for your region . once you do that , refer to the instruction on using odin . you should have the pit , and the md5 file , and also the csc file set up within odin . then press and hold the volume down button , and then briefly press the power button , the device should go into download mode . from there odin should detect the device , then start flashing as normal . disclaimer : i am not responsible , please double check to make sure you have the right check-boxes ticked within odin . if all else fails , refer to the xda forum another route : if you cannot get into download mode , try the hard reset - that is , ensure the tablet is powered off completely , hold the volume up button , and then briefly press the power button , the device should hard reset itself . and try the above again .
if i had to guess , i would guess it runs fsck . on linux and ext3/fat filesystems there is no way to check the file system when it is being used , so it is usually checked on boot . however , it taking 5 minutes on such small disk sounds abnormal . be sure to have backups of all data you have on your phone , it is possible that the hardware is failing . if you have a memory card in it , it might make sense to take it out and run some diagnostics for it on a real computer . if the problem is in internal memory of the phone , then , well , apart from rooting the device it is hard to know .
download and install the android sdk . on your handset 's manufacturer website find and download usb drivers for your device , and install them . on your phone go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and enable the USB debugging option . now when connect the phone to your pc via usb , you should see the " usb debugging connected " ongoing notification . on your pc ( i am assuming windows ) start command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " and pressing enter . navigate to the " platrofm-tools " sub-folder of where you installed the android sdk ( e . g . " c:\androidsdk" ) by typing the following : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools and press enter . now issue the following command : adb devices and press enter . if everything was installed correctly , the adb service will start and show your connected handset 's serial number : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached ht035xxxxxxxx device you can now issue the adb logcat command to review your handset 's logs in real-time . reboot while your handset is still plugged into usb ( you will need to re-issue the adb logcat command when the phone restarts ) and you will be able to see what your phone is doing during those long boot-up sequences .
try using temporary lock . it allows you to lock the phone on an as-needed basis . ( there is a free trial . )
all you have to do is make sure that it is set to ' immediately ' and then when you turn your screen off ( by pressing your phones power button once ) , the phone will lock at the same time - and the screen will still be off .
you can press the power button or use program like screen off and lock . the advantage of software lock is it will prevent wear and tear of your hardware button .
the setting you have mentioned there will work when you manually turn off the screen - on my htc desire it is pressing the power button . with " lock phone after " set to " immediately " it will lock the phone once the screen turns off ( manually or after timeout ) to set the screen timeout go to settings | display | screen timeout and set it to however long you want the screen to stay on for until it automatically turns off . the two timeouts work separately : screen timeout is for when the screen turns itself off ( for the battery conscious ) lock timeout for when the lock screen will be shown ( for the security conscious ) for example , i have screen timeout set to '2min ' , and lock timeout set to ' immediate ' . so if i leave my phone without touching it , 2 minutes later the screen will turn itself off . if i immediately turn the screen back on , i will be challenged with the lock screen . if i keep screen timeout as '2min ' and change lock timeout to '5min ' , then like before without using the phone , the screen will turn itself off in 2min . however if i immediately turn the screen back on , there will be no lock screen . only after 5min of not using the phone will i be challenged with the lock screen when i turn the screen back on .
i have a samsung s3 mini ( android 4.2.2 ) . i prefer to lock the device manually . i also prefer to turn the display on and off manually without locking the device . to keep these functions separated , i made three configuration changes . i set a long lock timer ( 15 minutes ) . i set a long screen saver timer ( 10 minutes ) . i installed a widget called screen off . touching screen off locks the device instantly . pressing the power key turns the display off and on , but does not lock the device . the long timers eventually turn off and lock the device when i forget .
this should be possible using tasker . while it might be a bit expensive if used for this one purpose only , there are so many other things you can solve with it , so it finally is definitly worth the money . a free trial is available at the dev 's website . but back to your question . i did not try it out ( yet ) , but basically it should work like this : tasks you first need three tasks , to enable/disable/delayed_enable the lock : task " activate_lock": display -> keyguard : on variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 1 task " deactivate_lock": display -> keyguard : off variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 0 task " delayed_lock": task -> wait ( configure the delay time here ) display -> keyguard : on variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 1 profile a single profile should take care for the automated locking : condition : variable -> variable value -> name : %mylocker , op : " math : is not equal " , value : 1 state -> display -> display state : off task : delayed_lock widgets tasker allows you to create widgets for tasks . so you create two of them : one for " activate_lock " , and one for " deactivate_lock " . configure your system for immediate lock . what will happen ? if you hit " activate_lock " , your screen will be locked . unlock it and work as usual , and as soon as you turn your display off , it is locked again . this is the " immediate lock " you wanted . if you hit the " deactivate_lock " , you get your present state back : once you turn off your screen , both conditions of the profile are met -- and after the configured delay , keyguard ( and thus the locking mechanism ) is switched on again -- your screen is locked .
you can not push to the sdcard 's root , but you can push in any folder found in it , except /sdcard/Android/data .
you can use apps like quick boot or rebooter or some root apps have this feature to go to recovery mode . . use them
certainly you cannot enter the beginning and the ending address , so probably you can try entering all the ip address from beginning to end
could very well be a wakelock . i hate to sound like a broken record on these types of questions , but if it is not a hardware problem , it is probably an app or service that is preventing your phone from conserving power like it should . http://www.xda-developers.com/android/defend-your-battery-with-wakelock-detector/
now your typical wall charger on a smart phone provides 1a of charging current . the usb 2.0 on a computer will only supply a max of 500ma , that is half as much . so if your screen is on and you are using the phone then it is drawing more power than it is taking in since the screen is the largest drain on the battery , therefore the battery will drain while charging on a usb connected to the computer .
easy peasy : i was using adaway ( an app that blocks ads ) and somehow its tweaking of my hosts file was not accepted by python . yay ! :d
android tuner reads around 840ma
i just measured the current when using the lg charging adapter and it only consumpts 433ma . so there is no benefit using an ac adapter instead of a pc . edit : cable broken , see my last post .
the trouble i encountered was that the fastboot program could not find my phone even though it was in bootloader mode . the solution was to run fastboot as sudo , but then the problem changed to be that sudo didn’t have the path to fastboot so i needed to give the explicit path to that as well : sudo ./fastboot devices worked ( when i was in the directory android-sdk-linux/platform-tools ) . so i figured that i needed to change two things in the setup instructions : run fastboot as sudo , and add explicit paths in the flash script . i have written a blog post that gives step-by-step instructions if anyone else needs this : how to update your nexus 4 to android 4.4
install this easy phone app into your grandmother 's cell and place its shortcut on the screen or the desktop of that android device . and tell her to just swipe that circle with lock off the screen ( i.e. unlock screen ) whenever she sees one , and touch on that phone icon in the center ! ( to activate the phone app ) . . . advantages : big font user interface . descriptive graphics . statistics : average rating : 4.4 of 5 . of 153 people 97 have rated it 5 stars . alternative- install this one tap dailer . features : it gives a speed dail like facility . meaning that , it creates a dedicated app icon on screen for each and every contact . that would be good if she has some few fixed people to talk or chat to . statistics : of 17 , 7 rated it as 5 stars .
to do exactly what you want , you can install tasker . you can try tasker from its website rather than from google play store and this allows you to test it for free for 7 days in a device . with tasker , i created a profile which watches for an event for screen-unlock and launches dial pad once it gets triggered . you can download the following content as an xml file and import it into your tasker installation to test .
that is not how nfc works . the n stands for " near " , and it really means that : the tag has to be touching the back of the phone for it to be read . sometimes even putting a case on the phone stops it reading nfc tags . if you want something like this , you could buy a samsung galaxy note 2 or later . these phones have a special feature using the phone 's stylus ( s pen ) , where if the phone gets more than about a metre from the stylus , it will start to bleep . it is mainly intended to stop you forgetting the stylus , but it works just as well the other way around . some newer bluetooth headsets have this feature too : the headset alerts you if it goes out of range of the phone .
resetting to factory settings removes all personal settings , data and installed apps from the phone . it does not uninstall operating system updates and does not remove apps that your manufacturer or service provider have included in the system . it also ( normally ) does not delete data from your sd card . installing operating system updates on an android phone overwrites the previous version of the android operating system and does not keep any of the old os files . it is the same as if you upgraded a windows vista pc to windows 7 , you can not go back to vista on that pc without finding the original install disks , as it has overwritten and deleted the old vista files . the only way to go back to the previous version is if your manufacturer/network has made a copy of the old os files public that you can download and install .
when you reset factory settings , it will not downgrade firmware ( gingerbread to eclair ) . this is normal and expected bahavior
short answer with two letters : no . tl ; dr whatever app you use to work with your contacts , sms , and phone – they will need to access your contacts , sms , and phone ( how else should that work ? ) , so alternative apps for that will not be much help . with the exception of those few which use own databases ( i know of some calendar apps that do this , but did not yet encounter any such contacts/dialer/sms app ) , which would not work with contacts ( how shall the dialer or messages app then access them , except it is built into the very same app ? ) . let 's assume you find such an all-in-one contacts app using its own storage : you had to trust it as well that it does not initiate calls to some premium numbers ( or send sms there ) in the background , and ( in case it has the INTERNET permission ) send all your private data " to some cloud " . so as dan pointed out in his comment on your question : if you have concerns about an app that asks for permission to access something , do not install it . with root if , on the other hand , you decide to root your device , there are several solutions available to restrict apps . just to name some : lbe , pdroid , xprivacy . for details , please check with what information does stock android send to google by default , and how do i opt-out ? and how to fake my personal information .
art is still in development stage . difference between delvik and art : when android app is installed , the delvik virtual machine is used to compile and run the app . the compiled app is loaded in the ram . when the app is closed and reopened the process has to be redone . this method is called jit ( just in time ) in art unlike compiling every time , when the app is installed it is precompiled and will be stored in the device itself . this is called aot ( ahead of time ) this takes more space of your device and time to install . however this has a added advantage . since the apps are precompiled , android need not do the process again again thus saving processor and cpu and the app will launch faster . but since art is in development phase some of the apps will not work or crash or force close . to find the app which are compatible with art go here the detail explanation of delvik and art can be found here
art is still experimental . it is not ready for end-users yet : it is only included at all so developers can find problems with their own apps . it does not surprise me at all that games that make heavy use of native code do not work with art . you should ignore anything people say about the performance characteristics of art , for the same reason . it could get twice as fast or twice as slow ( or more ) before it is finally released and activated for all users , so the performance of the experimental version is only relevant for those engineers in google who are trying to make it faster .
it looks like there is an issue with the byte alignment . i found this post : http://www.mail-archive.com/linux-omap@vger.kernel.org/msg20797.html and based on that made the following changes to drivers/usb/gadget/u_ether . c : i can now ping in both directions over the usb . if anyone knows of a better way to address this , please let me know otherwise i will go with this .
i will recommend you this htc 's official app . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.htc.dnatransfer.legacy
you should calibrate your battery : fully discharge your phone fully charge it when it is turned off disconnect charger and wait a minute connect it again and turn your phone on delete your data/system/batterystats . bin file ( with battery calibration for instance ) reboot your device and disconnect charger also , it is common problem , so try to google it yourself hope this will solve it for you
there are several rdp/vnc application on android , which can be used to " run " any windows application . what you basically need to do is fairly straightforward : setup a server or virtual machine running a windows machine install a rdp/vnc viewer on your android configure the viewer to connect to the server citrix and azure virtualization platform can be accessed by regular off-the-shelf rdp viewer . as an alternative , many open source or off-the-shelf virtualization software like virtualbox or vmware also supports rdp or vnc protocol for remote displays of their virtual machines . how to set up the server is outside the scope of [ android . se ] , try [ superuser ] or [ serverfault ] . once the server is setup , it is fairly straightforward to setup the android part , come back with a more specific question if you had trouble when you get there .
from my experience you will need to use a custom lock screen such as widget locker to do what you want . this can not be done with the stock android lock screen .
this application lets you start the camera app even from a password locked screen . full disclosure : i developed the app . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aeropic.cameraunlockfree
there are several apps available on playstore like this or this one . however , you can not change the full " theme " as such on kitkat . you can change the look and feel of your home screens , caller screen , etc with the help of launchers ( nova launcher , themer , etc ) .
check whether the hardware supports otg functionality . if hardware supports , check for any custom rom ( such as cyanogenmod ) is released for your device . follow their procedure to flash the custom rom .
if you run xposed framework , nfc lockscreenoff enabler is your method of choice .
@damryfbfnetsi . . . seems you can offer a solution to my question . how can i unlock blank screenlock enabled on my andriod device by mistakenly used andriod device manager on my itel it1401 mobile phone ? it is all black blank screen and nothing seems to respond pressing keys , but only the power keys seems to switch on/off ! help plesse !
yes , it works . it is just a read error , but the installation is complete . on blade 2 , i had the same issue . nandbackup from cwm did not work - this is a stock rom flashed thru cwm , and it works : ) it is very likely a cwm issue .
i see . . your main concern is to save battery life and identify which app consumes the most of your battery . you can use the hidden built-in android battery usage monitor using the guide below . dial this code in your phone dialer * # * # 4636 # * # * then press on usage statistics from here you could see how long your app is running even if it is running as service ex . ( update gps position , get movement xyz axis for pedometer , compass , wifi/network location , barometer , ambient light sensor or etc ) .
if you go to settings -> battery ( settings -> about phone -> battery in &lt ; ics ) . you will see battery usage by everything running on your phone . if some certain application consumes very high battery , it will be listed there along with battery usage . you can then minimize use of such application .
if you have a newer version of android ( ice cream sandwich ) you just go to settings > battery , and you will find a list of what is sucking the most battery .
no , they are run completely separate and exclusive from each other , not something that'll completely replace the data within your existing contacts . . . although they can be merged so that it displays one contact instead of two ( again , it still will not physically combine the data ) . that way , you can have their profile pic as a contact icon and even their birthday , phone number , email in one place if they have it on their profile . it'll try to merge automatically if the name + phone number or email from your google contact matches what they have in facebook , but it'll have to be manually merged if it does not .
there is a very useful way to bypass the activation on this model of phone . when you are presented with the activation screen ( the little android ) , press the following corners of the screen in this order : top left top right bottom right bottom left you now have the option to completely bypass activation .
you can use the dashclock widget and the dashclock whatsapp extension from google play and place the widget on your lock screen . dashclock widget : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.dashclock whatsapp extension : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stallware.dashclock.whatsapp
to my knowledge-- all android stock browsers will keep the history forever . until the cache is manually wiped or wiped because of an ota update -- since i am pretty sure the updates wipe the cache before booting-- even still , i am pretty sure the browser 's cache is not touched in that process . i am quite certain you have nothing to worry about in terms of losing history . if you are running 4.0 . x ( i think it is exclusive to that version- you could check ) , you can get the chrome beta browser , which keeps your history in sync with your google account-- along with your bookmarks , and of course the history from any other machines you run chrome on . pretty neat .
you can visit the accounts page in your computer and click on " settings " tab . under " my devices " section you will have all the devices that your account is being tied with .
common causes that prevent your device from being presented at your devices list are : you are using the google play website before using the google play store app on your device . you are signed in with a different account on play . google . com than you are using on your device . your device isn’t supported . ( droid razr is supported ) the first one probably solves your issue of registering the device within google play store . after , you can manage your devices and disable the old one . access your account , click the " settings " tab and untick the " shown in menus " checkbox . references : google play help
touch the notification and it will go away . of course , this will re-enable background data . the thing here is , it is meant to be annoying . many of your apps use background data in order to sync themselves or receive updates , notifications or whatever from the network , and without it , they can not do that . if apps do background data correctly then this can actually save you battery , as well as make the apps appear more responsive when you actually do open them up to see what they have to tell you . unfortunately some apps do not , which is probably why you decided you wanted it disabled in the first place . you have a few options . in order from easiest to hardest : you can live with the notification . you can remove the offending apps and replace them with less offensive apps . you can hack the android source code to do what you want .
the problem is caused because the os thinks you connected your headphones . i saw that problem in ios some years ago . use this app to solve it : wiredheadphoneroutingfix
it appears that the ice cream sandwich update for the galaxy s2 on at and t was never pushed over the air , but only via samsung kies . in order to install the update you will need to install and use kies . if you do , i strongly recommend creating a system restore point ( windows ) before installing it .
try replacing this:auth_alg=OPEN SHARED for this : auth_alg=OPEN it just happened to me that my phone was trying shared key authentication ( ska ) , which is seldom used in favour of open authentication . by doing this my connection started working .
that has worked fine when i recently tested it with cyanogenmod 7 and 9 ( and also stock htc/samsung/motorola ) . just enter it into the usual passphrase input box but without any colons . just type in only the 0-9 , a-f letters . this should work then . here 's a sample wpa_supplicant . conf entry with a fake key/ap : note : 64bit correspond to 10 hex digits and 128bit correspond to 26 hex digits ( with wep standard ) !
my suspicions from the last part of my question were correct . . . unbeknownst to me i was using a micro-usb " charge only " cable ( i snagged it from a friend ) . . . i did not even know they made such a useless thing . some of these are actually more expensive then a normal cable .
no it is not . it would be also possible to make the modified package have the same md5 as the original , so this would not be too secure . one solution is to remove your sim card and use a vpn app like tunnelbear vpn to circumvent regional restrictions or an alternative market like amazon app store or getjar .
solved myself : i tried after reading a lot of stuff to tweak my router and do a firmware update and i totally messed it up and almost destroyed it . it actually will not work at all and will not be found by wireless or anything , but it was already 5 years old , so i did not mind too much , i went and bought a new one ( logilink - heard this brand for the first time , but works like a charm ) . i installed my new router ( even though it asked for some things i heard for the first time in my entire life ) and it runs on 802.11n perfectly fine for all my 3 computers and all my 3 phones . so turns out my old router was too old apparently . in conclusion , for anyone reading the question , i believe a firmware update on an old router if done properly ( in which i failed horribly ) can fix this problem , also as @matthewread pointed out in the comments mixed b and g was fairly worse than g only , so you can try this . in any case ,
you could probably start the application with the abd shell in the shell type am start [DETAILS]  the usage is some examples can be seen on this page . it would require you to know a few details about the launcher in question though . it may be worth reading this thread about am usage from the android-framework google group .
pressing the home key on my dell streak prompts me to choose a launcher program if there is not currently one running after it is crashed or re-installed .
it turns out that , they were all in the lost . dir folder with arbitrary names ( numbers ) -- so taking them from lost . dir folder and rename the files in that folder with.jpg extension recovers the images . for whom interested .
i have a samsung galaxy s on t-mobile , so ymmv . to use voice entry , i start the navigation application , not maps ; one of the menu options it displays is " speak destination " . navigation was not available on the phone when i first got it ; i first noticed it about a week ago ( i noticed latitude and places arrived at the same time , so might all have been part of the same push ) . edit : to get voice entry in maps , press and hold the search key , which gives you a general search . to search for a location , i use menu > search , then there is a microphone icon on the search bar . in menu > directions , you can focus on either the From or To input boxes , and again you will get the search bar with a microphone icon . if i use menu > directions to speak a location , it works as if i am doing a map search , so i have to go back and select the location again in the directions input box .
press the search key , this brings up a search bar you can type into , with a magnifying glass icon on the right . to the right of this icon is a microphone which activates voice search . if you do not have that icon , check which version of maps , and which version of the android os is installed . in the maps application , press menu , then choose " more " , then " about " . to find the phone version , go to settings , about phone , and see " firmware version " .
what do you mean by the # in your path ? what you should do is this , get android sdk ( http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ) if you have not got it already , then enable debugging mode on your phone and connect your phone to your pc with usb cable . in the file explorer lookup the symlink to your external sdcard . its probably /extsdcard or /external_sd now open up an terminal window and enter : adb root adb remount adb shell busybox mv -f /data/app /extSdCard/  it would move the app folder to your external sdcards root dir . or download terminal emulator app and enter : su busybox mv -f /data/app /extSdCard/  this should work , if not let me know
this button is active for apps that are running or are be running since the last time that you started your device . android do not kill the apps totally when you exit from it , this button is for close completely the app and remove it from the stack ( apps running ) , also this button free the memory used by the app . there is no way to list the apps running , also the apps running in background have this button . there are free killer apps in the play store , to manage the memory of your device automatically .
android maintains 4 types of applications in its memory . i dont remember all but running and cached background are 2 of them . . . ( cached background can be accessed by clicking the hardware menu button when in the running tab and selecting the poped up option ) so though it might not be seen in the running processes , it is not entirely dead . mostly it shall be in the cached background prcesses . also , about task managers . . its is not advised to use them as android has been hardcoded to manage apps efficiently . app/task killers actually rather drain battery as after the killer kills apps , acording to the algorithm android follows , they will be started again ! ( and apps take up rather more memory at startup than in ideal state ) thus it becomes a cycle and drains the battery . so the force close button is active on mostly running and cached processes and may exist on a very few apps that reside in the other two types of processes ! on other apps its greyd out !
as said in my comment to paco 's answer , the information he gave is mostly correct : most apps do not exit completely if you leave them , and no app should exit if you leave it via the " home " button . moreover , some apps have background services running which the user otherwise cannot quit . now there are some situations where you need an app ( including its background services ) to be stopped -- e.g. if you want to uninstall that app ( or , in case of a system app , its updates ) . you will notice this when the " force stop " button is active , the " uninstall " ( or " remove" ) button is grayed out -- but the latter gets activated when you stopped the app via " force stop " . ( if both buttons are grayed out , you can tell it is a system app , by the way -- which you cannot uninstall ) . btw : if the " force stop " button is grayed out ( "dimmed " as you put it ) it means that app is not currently running , nor has it any service running ( at that moment ) .
the code behind the force stop button is complex and undocumented . i will reproduce it verbatim and then go through it one piece at a time . the first if line checks if any component of the package is a device admin ( that is , if it is checked in the device administrators list in the security page of the settings app ) . if so , the button is disabled ( greyed out ) so you can not stop device admins . then , the else if checks if the package is already stopped . here , stopped does not just mean " not running " . as far as i can tell , a package is in the stopped state if you have never run any component from it ( such as by launching it from the menu ) , or if you have pressed a force stop button ( this one or in a " stopped working " dialog ) and not run any of its components again . if the package has not been stopped , the button is enabled . the else case covers the rare eventuality that an app has been stopped and is not a device admin . in this case , it gives other system services a chance to enable the button . for example , the app might have an alarm set and pending , which would later cause the app to be started again even from the stopped state . in this case , the button will be enabled . if no other system service has a reason to enable the button , it will be disabled . summary the force stop button is enabled if the package is not a device admin and either you have not already force-stopped this app or you have force-stopped it but a system service thinks it will run it again . if the app is running ( and it is not a device admin ) , the force stop button will definitely be enabled , but the button being enabled does not mean the app is running .
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
i had the force close problem the error was " the process com . motorola . service . main has stopped unexpectedly please try again " . motorola support could not solve it so they had me send it for repair . sent it to them 2x . when i got it back the 3rd time still had the problem so motorola provided a replacement phone . when i received the replacement the problem occurred again . this only left 2 possibilities , sim card ( unlikely ) and motoblur . i created a new motoblur account instead of using my existing one . problem solved .
unfortunately you can not do so with golauncherex . your best bet would be to contact the dev team at their blog , or other forms of contact like twitter , facebook , etc . and just ask them to include this feature . as of right now ( mid-2012 ) i do not believe there is a launcher on the android that has this feature yet . feel free to contact the dev team . http://golauncher.goforandroid.com/ golauncher is really innovative and usually has features long before other launchers and updates frequently . they have a very active development , with the largest user base of all other launchers , so its not really out of the question for them to support this feature if asked . i do believe it would be pretty handy at times . but who knows how much of a priority they would make this innovation , as their is only 8 home screens and once you pull an icon over to another screen it automatically takes you to the overview of all home screens , so its a pretty efficient and fast situation . but the " go " devs love what they do , and love their user base so i do not see why they would not work on it if you asked . the only way to find out is to try and contact them ! : ) hope the best .
found it . i messed around with adb logcat , adb shell dumpsys and titanium backup 's freeze feature . i have succesfully narrowed it down ( on my device ) to an app called " pullups 2.04" by " northpark " from the play store .
it works fine on my s3 with android version 4.1.2 ( build number jzo54k . i9300xxemc2 ) . it might be a bug in samsung 's email client , which they fixed in the 4.1.2 update .
yes , this is fairly normal . it happens on most new devices , i have an evo and it does this constantly . if i am not mistaken , it comes from the fact that there are multiple cells in the battery , and when it reads 100% , they may not all be fully charged . thus , when the battery discharges , the first few percent goes quickly , because it was not actually charged completely to begin with . i assume you did something like this for recalibration : turn the evo on and charge it until the led indicator turns green . unplug it and turn it off . plug it back in and charge until the led indicator turns green . unplug it and turn it on . once powered on completely , turn it off again . plug it back in and charge until the led turns green . unplug it , turn it on , and use it normally . without this , i find the battery usually drops to 90% pretty quickly , but if yours is only decreasing to 97% in that time , you are probably okay . the only thing we can really do is hope that these hit it big soon .
gallery> clear cache and clear data> uncheck and recheck notifications .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
i am presently on the same device and encountering same issue . i have heard from several threads that it is due to the ram the phone came with . the ram is just 512mb and hence cannot carry much tasks . i am planning on expanding the ram and i suggest u do same cus i have read testimonies about that . bt to do that , u need to change ur memory card cus it can not carry the swap .
hmm , actually just tried again a few hours later and it works now . . . odd !
> is that really how it works ? yes , i think it works very like that . > what happens when a dex file downloads and opens a new dex file from the internet ? is that optimised as well ? i think it is not possible for an application to open a dex file directly . > also - the system , afaik , keeps the original apk around , right ? i think that is kept at /data/app/myapk-1 . apk . is that used in any way by the system ? when ? yes , apk file contains all of assets and resources needed by the app when it runs . so , as an android developer , i am pretty sure that apk file is used everytime an app runs . > can you somehow manually force regeneration of the odex file from the stored apk file after installation ? yes , if you clear dalvik-cache folder manually ( your device should be rooted obviously ) , then system regenerates needed odex files when you run apps . some apps , like titanium backup , has an option to clear dalvik-cache . also , i remember that there was same option in recovery menu of my device .
for general information , you might want to refer to the odex tag-wiki and the tag-wiki for the dalvik tag . but your question even covers some parts not contained there -- and only now i realized that indeed all .apk files seem to include .dex files ( i always thought only the " odexed apps " do that ) , and you seem to be right about what the " o " stands for -- at least it makes much sense . so forgive me , i am not a developer : ) but still i might be able to answer at least a part of your question . yes , your description seems to match how it works ( until the question mark , at least ) . but , to my knowledge , no app should download and install .dex files separately . if not running with root permissions , that would even be difficult ( as the app could not write to /data/dalvik-cache , lacking the file-permissions ) . so we can skip the second part as , according to aristotle 's logic , from a wrong assumption one could derive everything : ) second : yes , the system keeps the .apk files . if your device has a custom recovery installed , you could manually wipe the dalvik cache from there -- which would force the android system to re-generate it on its next boot . basically , this is even done for the system-apps ( .apk files are located in /system/apps for those , and thus survive a factory-reset ) , namely when you do a factory-reset . third : oh , already answered . yes , by wiping the dalvik-cache .
it is up to the app to fetch the proxy settings from the system prior to making the first connection . if a app does not do this and your local firewall prevents outgoing connections without the proxy , it will not work . you should contact your app developer about this problem and ask him to fix this .
i assume that you used adb push for uploading your executable to the sd-card . unfortunately the sd-card is always mounted with " noexec " which means that you can not execute anything from here . therefore you have to copy the executable to the local filesystem , e.g. to /data/local . in case the device is not rooted or you do not have busybox installed there will be no " cp " command . you can simply use cat : cat /sdcard/myprog &gt; /data/local/myprog . then you have to set the executable permission on the executable . chmod on android usually does not support the " u+x " syntax . therefore you have to call chmod 555 /data/local/myprog . afterwards you can execute your executable : /data/local/myprog .
most likely when the repairman said that " when you jtag the phone , all the phone memory contents are completely wiped " he meant that he only knows how to run " complete erase " script in his jtag software . but there is nothing preventing him ( or another smarter person ) from running another jtag script , which would dump all memory contents before erasing it . also i would advise against " complete erase " anyway - ap and bp share the same emmc chip and erasing it completely would destroy the radio calibration data . which would result in poor reception .
try Settings &gt; Language and input &gt; Samsung keyboard . click the Settings icon (right side) &gt; Predictive text , and turn it on .
i had this same issue . in my case i had a bunch of words i did not want and did not realize there was the options to reset the learned words . therefore , i used the system 's application manager to clear cache and data . after doing this it broke the ribbon . no matter what i did i could not get it back . i tried just about everything , but the only way i could get it back was as follows : ( please note i am rooted ) 1 ) switch default keyboard to something else 2 ) load " titanium backup ! " 3 ) browse to the " samsung keyboard " app and " wipe data ! " 4 ) switch back to samsung keyboard and the ribbon is back ! : ) i am not sure why titanium backup ! ' s " wipe data ! " worked better than the " clear cache/clear data " from the android settings menu . i am wondering if clearing the data from the android menu a second time would have worked . i just wanted to post this information to help whoever has this issue next . it definitely can be fixed by wiping the data for just samsung keyboard ( no factory reset needed ) . i just did not narrow it down to if you need root access , and if you need to use titanium backup ! good luck !
the thing that worked for me was downloading and using english ( uk ) as default .
do you have a holder that has a magnetic catch ? it will cause the sd caurd to remount again and again
if your phone is connected to pc then might be getting chances of not detecting sd card in phone . try to change setting for removable device like below drag down status bar and select usb connection option if you are getting option like windows media sync , usb mass storage , none then select none go to phone setting --> applications --> development --> and uncheck usb debugging try this , it may help you . .
and do not forget . if none of the previous answers seemed useful try formatting the sd card and delete any existing partitions using linux disk utility .
we bought a new epic 4g for my mom a while back , and her sd would do the same thing . just randomly unmount . turns out it was a hardware issue , and they replaced the phone and the sd card . sorry , but you might be out of luck :/
i had a problem with cheap sd cards from ebay doing this , i spend a little more these days on them . there is not much you can do here if you do not intend on rooting the phone or anything . if it was mine i would wipe the thing and re-install a fresh stable rom and test that for a few days .
a friend had a similar problem playing mp3 in his car with a slow card . try at least a speed 4 card . the speed of the card is shown inside a small , unclosed circle on the card . for reference , i just bought a 16gb speed 10 microsd card from amazon for $22 .
i have no idea why , but rebooting second time and trying to turn off/on the wifi icon on the homescreen several times did finally work .
i backed up the filesystem to my computer and then downloaded and installed the original igo primo . apk file . that did solve the issue .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
google have removed apps from the market in the past for security related reasons but this does not normally remove them from devices when they are already installed , and there was also a case a few months ago when there was particularly misleading software that google removed from the market , and also forcibly removed from people 's phones . * however all of this only protects you if you get your app from the standard android market . if you use an alternative market , or side-load the app then you are on your own , i do not believe that there is an in the os blacklist to block malware , it is all handled at the market level . *androidguys.com: android team employs remote application removal android developers blog : exercising our remote application removal feature
the problem with something like this is it is really hard to keep up . somethings are easily seen as bad , but others , are harder to judge . would you black list a twitter client that has access to your location ? that is a feature since people can attach their location to their tweets . it is not one i use , but it is one some people do . what about a note taking app that has location and camera access ? is there any use case at all for something like that needing your location or the camera ? you would need to create a standard for what is not acceptable and what is . the sad corollary is , do people installing apps really pay attention to what permissions their applications want ?
maybe you want to try a anti-malware app ? e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ikarus.mobile.security or https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sophos.smsec
if you are adventurous and know your way around odin ( samsung 's firmware flashing tool ) , you can go here to get the correct regional firmware for your s3 . you can also download odin from the same site and use it to manually flash your device with a new firmware . doing it this way , the firmware you installed will be the " vanilla / bare-bone " release from samsung that does not have all the crap if you installed using a carrier 's custom android firmware .
galaxy s3 i9300 is international version . look at the s3 variants . s3 belongs to specific carrier has specific model numbers according to country and carrier . are you sure about it was an unlocked version ? ?
try this widget for locking your screen with just one click . what exactly do you mean by your second question ?
the app is called advanced screen control , the feature is called proximity wakelock and its based on the proximity sensor . its my app . :- )
i am not aware of such an app/feature right now , but you could use the collective effect of a couple of apps to get almost the desired thing . lightning bug : this is a cool free app that has always-on display feature and shows the clock , ( and weather , etc . ) and more . screen filter : this app will allow you to reduce the brightness even lower than what the android system would allow you to . however , when you want to put your device into standby , you will need to open these apps to get the effect . also , running these apps does not mean it is in " lock " mode . i see a great potential for an app that does both of these together and also put the device into lock mode at the same time .
my workplace has exchange email and i have managed to have it sync with my google account and not use my main google calendar , with relatively little work . i have the following setup : me@google personal google account me@work exchange account me@work google account ( go to google , sign up for new account , use me@work as " existing email address" ) that is separate from my main google account google calendar sync on my work computer linking to my me@work google account me@work google calendar shared with my me@google google calendar it does have the downside of needing the a computer to be active ( no easy way around that that i know of ) but it has the upside that it partitions my work events into a separate calendar and integrates tightly into my heavy personal google use . there is a .netapplication that someone wrote that lives as a service on a windows server and periodically does the sync itself . but i can not seem to find it now , and it does require you to have a windows server you had be allowed to run it on . and if you have to leave a windows machine running anyway , you could just put outlook on it and use google calendar sync . if you had admin rights on the exchange server , this might also be an option : http://code.google.com/p/google-calendar-connectors/wiki/overview
everything that is synced to your google calendar on your phone should also be on your google calendar on the net (https://www.google.com/calendar). you can have multiple calendars in google calendar , perhaps the calendar you are phone is syncing to is not set to be visible in the web view ?
if you have outlook 2007 , you can use the built-in publish my calendar feature to publish it to microsoft servers , which will make the ics feed available to add as a calendar in google calendar . in outlook 2007 , go to the calendar section and click the " publish my calendar . . . " link . fill out that dialog and it will start syncing . if necessary , feel free to adjust which calendars are shown in your android device via the calendar app 's option menu item " calendars " .
as far as i know , you can not transfer files over android beam , just urls/locations etc . this is because android beam does not use bluetooth or wifi direct in addition to the nfc transfer , which means that an average photo would take 30+ seconds to beam . in android 4.1+ ( jelly bean ) you can transfer files with nfc+bt , and s beam uses nfc+wifi direct .
you can install the official ' htc transfer tool ' from the google play store on your old s3 and new htc one . pure simplicity : )
go check " plug in music widget " at android market . it is working with google music and free .
it is nice to have a phone rooted ( geeksphone and maybe others do this by default ? ) , you can use firewall apps and titanium backup , and other system apps . superuser lets you restrict what apps can be root .
i would check with the operator , and see if they root their phones by default ( it is a perfectly valid thing to do , it is just that the big operators tend to be control freaks ) . if they do not know what you are talking about , worry and ask them for help figuring out what is going on . i would also go into superuser and check it is preferences . since you do not know how it got there , you do not know what apps might be doing . turn on it is logging ( if not already enabled ) and set ' automatic response ' to ' prompt ' . that way you will have a log of what is using it , and you will be prompted for anything that wants to do things with root access . the idea is that if something asks for root access and you do not know why , just deny it and see what breaks - very few apps should need root access , so it should not come up very often . if logging is already enabled , then you can review the log to see if any apps have been using root access .
mortplayer allows you to specify folders that should be read/ignored . note however , that if you use the default player , it will still scan and display the tracks . you might also consider adding the files into a playlist and then playing only that playlist , if you do not want other songs/files to be included .
you did not mention which country you are from . as much as possible , use the version that is intended for your country and your network . I9500XXUEMJ8 and I9500XXUEMJ5 will most likely have the same features , but different modems ( using a modem that is not intended for your country can give you a poor signal or cause other issues like heating ) . I9500XXUEMJ8 is obviously more recent , based on its naming convention . if you are trying to flash the rom from sammobile , you can still get the firmware that is not for your country . but you risk two things here ( and possibly others ) : it may not have the region / language you want it may not have the correct / suitable modem for your country . in the second case , you can always flash a modem for your country ( after you flash the rom ) . but if you do not want to deal with possible issues ( and headaches ) , better get the version that is intended for your country and your network .
yes . sdmaid does an excellent job of finding files abandoned by the system such as interrupted play apk downloads ( cutely called the " basement corpse finder" ) , shrinking databases and emptying your caches . it also lists files by size so you can find space hogs , etc .
as i already shortly pointed out in my comment to the question itself : android has no centralized setting for that , it has to be configured for each app separately – provided the app supports it . unfortunately , such a setting is not even featured by all apps , so for some it might be impossible .
[ root only ] a third party solution would be the app foldermount . that way it is possible to move all the media folders one by one to the external sd card and mount them on top of the internal folders .
the definite answer is yes . i received my nexus 7 ( 2013 ) a few weeks ago and today went outside to catch a few satellites . i am using gps status and toolbox whose user guide states : the sky grid ( g ) shows the gps satellites above you as the receiver in the phone detects them . gps satellites ( with ids 1-32 ) are represented by small circles while glonass satellites ( with ids 65-92 ) are shown as rectangles . the size of the symbol depends on the signal strength received from that satellite . the color shows what data is available for that satellite and how it is currently used by the phone . emphasis mine . here 's the left side of the screen shot i took : the nexus 7 model would be the european one , if there are any differences .
according to ifixit is teardown , the nexus 7 2013 uses the qualcomm 8064 snapdragon s4 pro soc . qualcomm 's specs show that soc uses their izat gen8a gnss chipset , which according to their overview does include glonass support , though this does not necessarily mean glonass support is actually active and available in software . a simple means to test whether you have got glonass is to use gps status and toolbox and see how many satellites it shows for you . if it shows more than 13 satellites , you are getting both gps and glonass .
i believe this is the app that can solve your problem . . . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.james.smartuninstaller i hope it helps ! : )
wifi direct can be used on all android devices . android 4.0 and higher comes with this feature pre-installed . if your device runs an older version of android , you can find many apps in the google playstore to enable direct file sharing service over wifi . go for superbeam , fast file transfer , wifi file transfer , etc .
create a new task list just for groceries in your google account at calendar . google . com . there are several apps that will sync the google tasks on android and iphone . one downside is that each device must be logged in to the same google account . they do not have a way ( yet ) to share task lists .
google drive ( née google docs ) . just create a simple document . there is a google drive app for android , of course , but even without the mobile web version works pretty well ( which i would expect you had use with the iphone ) . windows and mac can use the desktop browser version of the web app .
use astrid . its native app is available for both android and ios . you can access your to-do list on pc/mac using web . collaborative sharing is allowed with unlimited no . of users . users can also leave notes on tasks for other users .
there are about one bazillion apps like this . i have got a ( somewhat outdated ) list at google docs .
simply , no you can not . you can install an app that will give you another way to lock phone , like lockbot . of course , rooting will solve the problem . . .
settings > security , under " screen unlock pattern " uncheck " use visible pattern "
i think providing feedback as to bad pattern is the fixed behavior and can not be turned off . i think you are right , it ought not to show you a pattern on error , if you asked to not show a pattern while you were entering it . sounds like a good ui change to me , i suggest trying to dig up someplace to post such a criticism . otoh , do you really worry about so much shoulder surfing that someone will deduce your pattern from various errors they have seen you make ? given that it seems unlikely , you might not get much priority on such fix even your request would be consistent behavior .
are you entering an actual password , or an unlock-pattern ? lock-patterns have the option to display/not-display the path entered , so it is a lot more difficult to " shoulder-surf " use visible pattern this is selected by default . clear this if you do not want the screen unlock pattern to display as you enter it .
yes , you can . everything is possible . just call the toast multiple times in the code . i put the toast code in a method , and i call that method 3 times back to back to back . toast stays on the screen for a good amount of time , and i get the visually effect i want . simple , works for me . if it is gonna leak memory or cause my user 's phone to blowup someone please let me know .
i love it when i can give these answers ; ) simple answer : no , this is not possible . long answer : toasts are built into apps , and are low level . there is no way for 3rd party apps to catch toasts , and there is no way to view them longer . this could be possible if you made your own custom rom however .
the values of LENGTH_SHORT and LENGTH_LONG are 0 and 1 . this means they are treated as flags rather than actual durations so i do not think it will be possible to set the duration to anything other than these values . if you want to display a message to the user for longer , consider a status bar notification . status bar notifications can be programmatically cancelled when they are no longer relevant .
no , however some apps lets you set a time that a toast message stays on screen . ( . . . i think . )
you could try to use default app manager to remove the association for flash video ( . flv ) files . this should tell the browser ( s ) to play the video without to open a new app .
well i kinda ' fixed it . i changed the user agent setting in my opera browser from mobile to desktop and every flv file now works . as you might expect there are side effects ( i am getting dektop sites instead of mobile sites - they are bigger , harder to use and they take up more space so they load slower ) . this will be a good work around at leas .
this is because you have installed some other apps that are capable of opening the same media . previously , only your stock video player was associated . now i guess soapcast can open it . this is how android works normally , but if you want the old behavior at all times , select the checkbox that says " use by default for this action " and then click on the stock video player or " movies " .
the answer is almost certainly yes . someone could probably get past it in one way or another . ( they could probably just use odin on a samsung device for example . though i have never done something like that myself . ) if you have sensitive data on there then a remote wipe might be the best thing . did you report it stolen with your carrier ? they could report the esn / imei as stolen so at the very least the thief probably would not be able to sell it . of course i do not know your exact situation . if you know for sure it was stolen and not lost could the police recover it from the thief ? either way best of luck to you .
it would depend on the phone , but as firesoul453 said in his answer , almost certainly yes . locking the phone is intended to protect the data - in other words : the thief cannot get your data off of the phone . due to the nature of the android system though , it is usually very easy to wipe out the data on the phone . usually this can be done via recovery , or even by bootloader unlocking the phone , neither of which require the pin to be entered . additionally , if you are on a version of android prior to 4.1 and have usb debugging enabled , they can completely disable the lockscreen pin without having to wipe the data . if it is still connected to android device manager , though , they have not wiped the data yet .
in this thread , the poster was unable to find the cause , but was advised by samsung to factory reset . according to the thread , phone info appears to be a hidden app with many permissions , perhaps malware .
this appears to be something of a bug , either in ics or the galaxy nexus ( though i am unsure which ) . unbeknownst to me , there is a " system volume " level that controls , among other things , the output of ui sound effects . this volume level does not appear to be modifiable within the normal system settings , but you can modify it with third party apps . based on this information ( which i obtained from an xda thread ) , i downloaded volume control + from the play store and launched it . the very last slider on the interface was for " system volume " , and it was set to a value of 0 . once i cranked it back up to the maximum , my ui sounds began playing normally again . i do not know what causes this to become muted inadvertently .
from settings , go to general:accounts:google : and then disable everything from being synced . as soon as this is done , the password prompt will stop popping up . after password is changed , sync can be enabled again .
it is a configuration that must be active to give you that information , usually it is used when you are driving , to prevent accidents : turn off the voice notifications : go to settings menu click on " voice input and output " option select the option " text-to-speech settings " . uncheck the driving mode setting . from the user 's manual driving mode : activate driving mode to provide audible notifications for incoming calls , messages , or event details . change alerts on call settings : settings call settings all calls alerts on call change from " voice " to " vibration " or " off " etc
i do not have the option within settings as mentioned above on my s3 . instead i drag down the top toolbar and uncheck the driving mode option . ( scroll to the right as it is not usually immediately visible . )
i have not seen any android system supporting ntfs out-of-the-box . could be some customroms do , or there are some " root mods " . so without root , it might get hard ( though there might be some userspace mods as well , technically spoken ) . if your device is rooted , you could take a look at ntfs mounter , which might or might not support your huawai ( take care to have a backup at hand anyway until you can be sure everything works as expected ) . moreover , there was an article at xda-developers in june on full ntfs read/write support for android you might want to read : according to the op , he compiled a generic ntfs-3g driver for android that should work on all arm devices with a fuse.ko module . as it involves a kernel module to be loaded , it again requires root . and also again : it might or might not work on your device , take care for backups . a third source is paragon 's ntfs and hfs+ for android ( also available at google play ) . paragon is quite well-known with disk utilities on windows , so i would trust them to get the ntfs part right . but as you might have guessed : this tool requires root as well , plus the above mentioned fuse module . if you need more details , try the google search for " android ntfs " where i got above results from , all on page 1 ; )
if you are using Xamarin.Android in Visual Studio 2010 , you can enable Keyboard Support as follows : close your avd in vs2010 , go to Tools &gt; Start Android Emulator Manager select the AVD Name that you want to add Keyboard Support for , then click the Edit button in the Hardware area , click the New button in the Property dropdown , select Keyboard support , then click the OK button the Keyboard support Property is added to the Hardware list . change the Value from No to Yes click the Edit AVD button
i had the same issue after upgrading the developer tools ( v20.0.0v2012 . . . ) . all of a sudden none of my android virtual devices would accept any input from my physical pc/mac keyboard . this is how i fixed it : eclipse > Window menu > AVD Manager select your virtual device and click Edit under Hardware , click New select Keyboard Support then click OK edit its value to yes now you have to click off onto another item in the list , like " abtract lcd density " or something . this seems to make the ui keep the " yes " change . my other avds that do not have this " keyboard support " hardware property added do not accept my physical keyboard input .
please try the following settings . my environment ( target : android 4.0.3 - api level 15 ) successful . avd - edit - hardware : - new . . . - keyboard support - yes avd - edit - hardware : - new . . . - keyboard lid support - no
you need to change the config . ini file in your . android directory . this file is found under the main hard drive directory . from there , open the avd file and you will see a list of virtual devices . open the desired device and then open the config . ini in notepad . then copy this text : " hw . keyboard = yes " ( minus the quotes ) and then save and close . the next time you open your emulator , you should be able to use the keyboard . you can also open up the hardware-qemu . ini file in the same directory as the config . ini and then you can see a list of all the hardware options . change the hw . keyboard from " no " to " yes " . hope this helps !
as a few have indicated here , the pc keyboard should be enabled for the avd emulator instances . judging by what the emulator page on android developer says about key commands and such , it does not appear there is a way to enable/disable pc keyboard usage within the sdk . your best bet is re-installing the sdk then , and try again .
this answer is for those who built the emulator from source ( i.e. . following instructions from source.android.com ) . you need to modify a property in the following file : external/qemu/android/avd/hardware-properties.ini  in the following section of that file change the default value from no to yes : then rebuild ( using make ) . at least this worked for me .
try ctrl + f11 or numpad 7 . that should enable your keyboard , unless is disabled from somewhere else .
are you sure that you are not seeing locally cached data ? i just tried it my self and changed my google password . directly afterwards the gmail app was not able to send or receive any mails on my desire with 2.3 custom rom . warning to everybody who want to verify this on his own : if you try this on your own remember that you can not change your password back to the original one . google saves it and you can never use it again !
your phone does not store the password , it has some kind of session key . i would have expected it to be invalidated when you changed the password , but apparently google does not do that . you had have to ask them why .
i use launcher pro as my default homescreen and i can have a favorite contacts shortcut by doing the following steps : 1 . press the menu button and select the shortcuts option 2 . then select the activites option 3 . then select contacts--> phone 4 . give it a name 5 . there must be a favorites shortcut
if you use dialer one as your dialer or even if you install it but use the default stock dialer app , you can get to the favorites screen by long pressing a blank area of the homescreen , and from the shortcuts menu , choosing favorites .
android does not natively use any software to sync or perform syncs with your computer . it syncs with your google account services in the cloud . you can sync certain things with your computer in different ways and it all depends on what and how you are trying to sync , but generally , linux machines work just fine with android . if you want more detailed answers try being more specific about what you want to do ( sync your contacts with thunderbird , or sync you music . . . ) .
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
when you reply in the same conversation , that reply should go to the same number . is it not ? check that number shown on the very top of the conversation . it is the number you are currently replying . if you click that number the contact ( or popup ) will open showing all the numbers attached to that particular contact . you should be able to choose a different number to message with this option .
probably you werent running the specific firmware on which the cm port for your phone was designed to be installed on . check if you had missed any steps in the tutorial . if your phone gets stuck at the bootlogo or bootanimation , you can try to do a factory reset from the recovery mode . if the problem still persists , try flashing the stock firmware and then installing cm . if your phone does not respond at all while attempting to switch it on , its hard-bricked . the only way to recover it is by using jtag . you need to disassemble the phone for this method , so it is better to take it to a service centre . here the bootloader is rewritten to the device using a riff box . watch this video to see how it is done : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_zaehafjme
it is a pretty safe bet that something is going on with your headphone jack . it could simply be defective or damaged but there is a strong possibility that it may simply need to be cleaned . pocket lint or other materials accumulating in your headphone jack could be the issue . this was a common issue i encountered when working with customers phones at verizon and many times we would use compressed air to clean out debris from the jack , although occasionally we would have to actually insert a tool into the jack to clean it . debris shifting around inside the jack could also explain the intermittent nature of the issue . just be careful cleaning if you do find any debris and make sure you do not damage the jack or void your warranty .
navigate to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All then select Reset App Preferences from the menu . try if this works , it worked for me for some other apps .
lets say if your play store is also showing the same disabled beside the app ( for the default app of yours ) then you have to reset the application preferences of the other messaging app . in order you understand this first let us understand the concept of android preferences android preferences come into picture as your device is having more then one application that does the same task and the operating system has to decide which application must be used as a default ex :-let 's say you have the default music player and for some issues you have downloaded another music player application from the play store . due to this there is a conflict arising for what should be the default task to be done . this is shown by the os when you click on an . mp3 file . if you choose to open the downloaded mp3 player as default . it will show how to reset your preferences in the future . ( application> preferences> de-select the default app for the task ) i suggest you can simply reset your other messaging app preferences for you to enable the default app . as doing the complete reset is troublesome for you to set your preferences again else if your default app is not showing disabled for both the messaging apps then there is a problem with your android operating system for which you need to do a simple factory reset .
i have managed to do it on harmony developer board using adb shell : adb shell "mount -t ext2 /dev/block/mmcblk3p1 /mnt/sdcard" 
you cannot use anything but fat for the external sdcard . android will not mount the card if it is not fat .
no , it does not unzip the package every time . the dalvik-cache is where is stores the cache of the the dex ( the dalvik executables ) files . i know system apps are cached when the device is first booted , if the cache does not exist . user apps , if i had to guess , would be done when installed or first launched . after it is cached , it will not have to update that cache until the application is updated , which is why i think it happens in the install process . but it is also possible to just read the manifest from from the apk and see what version it is when it is launched . if the version is different then the version in the cache , it could re-cache it . edit i want to build on this a little . i just cleared my dalvik-cache and rebooted my device . watching the device logcat through ddms while it booted shows that it does system apps and " users " apps at boot up . the packagemanager " collects " the certs of the apk . then it unpacks the apk . the packageparser stores any permissions that the apk has . so these steps are done when the device boots ( if the apks changed since the last boot , or the dalvik-cache was cleared ) . but this same process would be completed when the apk is installed , since the packagemanager and packageparser are the ones that handle the process . edit2 this is not just the " run " process , this is what happens when the app is installed . the dalvik-cache acts as sort of the " registration " of the application . but during install , the app also registers with the system any " receivers " that it has . these are like the listeners for specific actions that happen , what type of links it handles , things like that . there is not a registry like the windows registry , but yes , the os keeps track of the applications that are installed , and the actions that can launch the application .
you can also download the already done virtual machine from bash blog , they created a froyo vmware image . . . http://www.bash.ch/2011/04/android-22-froyo-in-einer-vmware.html the virtual machine has only 100mb
here 's a link to to android 2.3 ( froyo ) live cd : http://android-x86.googlecode.com/files/froyo-vm-20100812.iso . it is a small image ( 53.6 mb ) , i ran the live cd on vmware workstation and it worked like a charm .
i think its easier to get arm processor images than it is to get the x86 ones . i have been able to use the android virtual machine that comes with the software development kit .
the easiest way of running android and testing android application on x86 machines appears to be using the android virtual machine that comes with the latest sdk . with reference to a recent question , huh ? jdk not found ? ( on windows 7 64-bit ) , there may be a problem with the latest android sdk . exe installer . you can try to download the zip version of the installer , then run " sdk manager . exe " place to download the sdk : link : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html note that you need jdk to run the android sdk link : http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html and as @afrazier mentioned , android-x86 is a definite option but the lack of drivers make it difficult for most of us to use the os properly . . .
android-x86 seems to be the most current project , with nightly builds available at http://android-x86.moonman.dk/ i think the lack of activity one sees is not so much a licensing/warez problem , it is just that the os simply does not work too well with desktop systems yet , being highly phone and touch-centric . that and there is simply not a lot of interest for it yet . i do not know if this project has the google apps ( particularly market ) baked in or not . if not , that is another major piece that significantly reduces the usefulness of this os . finally , there would be the problem of getting drivers for all the various hardware made available . considering android 's linux base , i am not sure how easy or difficult it is to do .
i already written full tutorial here : how to run android 2.3 gingerbread on vmware and virtualbox very easy and could be done in 5-10 minutes only . . .
as far as i have read , the reason this happens is because of the android memory management , which i read was made " worse " because of a better internal task killer in 2.2 froyo . the app is being marked as not needed in memory anymore and is being killed . there are a couple things you could do to mitigate the frequency of this happening . there is an app on the market called minfreemanager which modifies some system config files to change how the memory manager divides up memory to active apps . get the app and load the preset Aggressive . hit both Apply and Apply at boot . also , you need to be rooted to do this . another thing i have seen suggested is in the launcherpro settings , go to General Settings and check the box for Keep in memory . since doing both of these things , i have seen a reduction in homescreen redraws .
install skype application for your phone login using your skype id and password ( which you are using on your system ) .
your skype account information is held on the skype servers , not your local device , so from skype installed anywhere you can just login with the same skype name and password . i agree with the first answer .
assuming your phones calendar is syncing with a google calendar , then the easiest way to do this may be to export your friends ' birthday info from facebook and import it into google calendar . our sister-site web applications has more info on doing this : how do you extract friends ' birthday and contact information from facebook ? import birthdays of friends from facebook into google calendar ?
" just make sure you use a usb port on the back of your computer . front ones can be less than perfect as there is cables , noise etc . " this fixed my usb connectivity and transfer problems .
do a factory reset through privacy menu of settings . it will solve your problems
on your phone got one software call " kies " try to using wifi to connect to the computer and the phone where in the computer you key in the ip address shown on your s2 and after that the driver will automatic installed its work fine for me after i use kies to connect to the computer and again the computer usb can recognized my phone = )
worked for me : unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the following number : *#7284# once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . plug the usb cable . note : repair usb connection for any samsung android phone reference : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv2h5o_qdpe
try installing kies ( check the " software " subtab under " downloads" ) . it should install the drivers automatically but if not it has a menu option to install them .
did not dropbox native client worked for you ?
you can use dropsync . it can sync any specified folder and you can setup a schedule . recent update of free version of the app removed limitation for the schedule .
for things like podcasts , the experience should be far more slick than the clunky apple need to plug into a pc and use itunes . most services on android are about the device itself doing all of the syncing directly with the internet , not needing to have a pc in the middle that you have to plug into to get updates . for podcasts , you can use something like google listen , this keeps the list of your podcast subscriptions in google reader , and syncs and downloads new episodes wirelessly throughout the day ( though if you are concerned about data usage you can configure it to only download when you are on a wifi network ) . i have not personally used it , but other apps like doggcatcher keep your subscriptions on the device and wirelessly sync throughout the day in similar ways . for music syncing , there is nothing built-in , but apps like winamp allow you to do a wireless music sync with a pc running winamp , again other apps also allow that , but i have not used them .
i have heard good things about doubletwist from mac users , allows you to continue using itunes to sync your music . have not tried it myself since spotify does enough for me , and itunes is not really pleasant on a pc , had enough of it when i had an iphone .
downgrading to the leaked 4.1 ( official ) firmware fixes the problem . i will update this answer if i find out if it works on cm10 .
i had this working on cm10 by un-checking this box , and using an app called dock audio switcher . it would detect the dock and automatically change the audio output through the usb . however , i have tried using this on cm10.1 , and this app no longer works . i have also tried using the usb passive audio setting in the advanced menu , and this also no longer works . the odd thing is when i use the usb passive audio i get no sound whatsoever , but when i use the dock audio switcher i can hear a bump from the speakers , similar to when you first plug a audio cable into the phone jack . so it seems that its activating the audio to usb , but it just cant push it over .
i know that this has been fixed in some of the latest cm10 nightly releases . as a matter of fact , i am running jellybam 4.1 ( based on cm10 ) and the usb audio does work without issues . when i have updated to jellybam 5.2 ( based on cm10.1 ) , usb audio stopped working . so i had to revert back to 4.1 , which is , in my opinion , an excellent release anyway . i have read in forums that the problem is not proprietary drivers or anything like that ( it is working on cm10 nightlys afterall ) , but rather than cm team has not finished implementing all audio features on 10.1 yet . the need to migrate this patch to cm10.1 , that is all . so my advice is to install cm10 nightly or jellybam 4.1 . you will enjoy android 4.1.2 , and of course , your usb audio .
that is a soft brick , for the reasons below : handset is still powering on adb is responding handset recognizes usb cable plugged in ( how else were you able to adb ? ) handset recognizes the sdcard look at this question to see izzy 's answer on what is classified as a " brick " . something went awry there and it clobbered the recovery environment . . . mind giving a bit more details . . . ? edit from the comments below , it transpires that the op pushed over the shell binary file sh from the root of the phone , ( either overwriting it and or/had incorrect permissions ) and ended up with a " locked-out " of executing shell commands and fail . by the way , there is no way to set the permission as the sh interpreter does not have the appropriate permission for executable bit ! so executing any commands on that will fail . the only remedy is to re-flash the recovery image directly onto the recovery partition , by going into fastboot mode on the handset , usually power + volume up , armed with a fastboot binary that must be entered on either the linux 's terminal or windows 's cmd , i.e. two operating system environments , choose one of your own preference : linux sudo fastboot flash recovery recovery.img  windows fastboot-win flash recovery recovery.img  that will restore the recovery environment and then the shell interpreter should work from within adb shell session next time recovery gets booted into .
as long as your wifi has internet connectivity , android will be able to communicate with google 's servers . there is one thing that people get wrong when it comes down to contact suggestions , be it facebook or google : they imply that they are the only ones that have saved the contact somewhere . but it is also the other way round . which means that , the contact that was suggested to you has most likely your gmail e-mail address saved in his address book .
per this link you can create a profile that defaults to phone silence and changes the ringer to not silent when someone you want to take a call from or is not a person you blocked and then when someone you have blocked calls it will answer the call and hangup . here is a summary create new profile allow calls add context --> state --> incoming call specify who to allow calls from ( ex . c:fav ( for favorites ) or ! ) " ! " reverses logic ( such as is not contact ) and 0 can be used for anyone calling from a restricted or unknown number add task --> audio --> ringer volume select ringer level ( 7 is highest ) add exit task --> audio --> ringer volume select ringer level 0 ( to silence the ringer once the phone call is done ) create new profile blocked calls add context --> state --> incoming call specify who to block ( ex . ! c:fav ( is not on favorites ) "0" ) add task --> phone --> take call add task --> phone --> end call this should allow your phone to ring when a favorite is calling and pickup and hang up on someone you wish not to talk to without you even knowing .
this booster probably deleted all the cache files from your phone and as a result you do not see the thumbnails of your previous photos . go to sdcard/DCIM/  and delete the . thumbnails folder and restart your phone . that should bring back your thumbnails .
did you enable screen rotation ? in the samsung galaxy s4 , it is in the pulldown menu . it can also be found in : System settings &gt; My device &gt; Display &gt; Auto-rotate screen .
yes , there is a way to do so in the mobile app . i am using facebook app version 1.8.1 on a motorola droid 3 . the process i did to set a picture as my profile picture was as follows : started facebook at the top left there was an icon with 3 horizontal dashes that brings up the different sections of facebook , i browsed down to the " photos " section under apps . i selected a photo out of my list of photos ( it would not let me select the option on anyone else 's photo ; so i assume it must be one uploaded into your account ) . i used my phone 's physical menu button to open the facebook menu . i hit the " more " arrow button to list more options in the menu . one of these extra options was to " make profile picture " it may be slightly different on your device ; however it is possible to do this in the latest facebook version on the desired photo .
for honeycomb you could go into pics on your phone and hit set as and facebook profile was an option . now that my phone has ics , it only gives me the option of setting as wallpaper or contact photo . with ics you can only set profile pic from pics already on facebook , but not upload from pics on phone . it is very annoying .
here 's one more experience for anyone looking this up : i can get cwm recovery to boot from rom manager , but attempting to boot it manually by holding down x did not seem to work . i got the exclamation mark mentioned here , but the search button did nothing to bring up a menu . however , doing all of this with a usb cable plugged it , then getting all the way to the exclamation mark , i pulled the battery while still plugged in , just for a second or two , then put the battery back in . it automatically rebooted correctly into recovery without the exclamation mark . this is on a droid 2 global running various different versions of cwm recovery . edit:or of course , from the link in another answer here , try up and down volume at the same time instead of search button .
i found that the following sequence works : while on , run adb reboot recovery from command line . this will restart into standard android recovery . ( if your device is not seen , start at #2 and come back . ) take battery out . unplug usb . hold power down for 10 seconds . ( someone theorized it discharges the capictors . ) plug usb cable in . put battery in . this starts the phone up automatically for some reason . it then loads clockwork recovery automatically . i do not know why this works and clockwork recovery did not provide a standard method to start . this would work in the middle of a failed install of cyanogenmod . after a flash to a stock sbf rom , it no longer worked .
these are the steps to boot your droid 2 phone into recovery mode should you need to . turn droid 2 off press ' x ' on the physical keyboard and then press and hold power button until the exclamation point/android picture shows ( after motorola symbol ) . to access menu options press the " search " button depicted by the magnifying glass on the keyboard and the menu items will show up . browse options with the volume up and volume down keys and select option with the camera button all on side . select first option of " reboot phone " or risk messing up your brand new droid 2 ! edit:- the link to xda forum that explains you problems and one more thing if its android recovery that is loading then it means that the cwm recovery is yet not installed hence this is the video link on how to install it ( cwm )
if you do not mind rooting your phone , perhaps the easiest thing to do is to flash cyanogenmod on it . the htc magic is supported up to cm6 ( android 2.2 , froyo ) . you can find more details here , be sure to read up on the wiki . it is not supported on cm7 or later ( android 2.3 , gingerbread ) .
if your phone is actually a developer phone supplied through google ( and not a consumer phone bought through a phone company ) then you have actually got an adp2 , not a magic , beware of that when looking for roms as they are some subtle differences in the hardware . official adp2 images are hosted by htc at http://developer.htc.com/ but only up to android 1.6 for adp1 and adp2 . if you do actually have an htc magic ( aka mytouch 3g ) then depending on your phone company there are official froyo releases for the magic which have been pushed out ota by some phone companies , see this previous question for more info when will my phone get the android 2.2 update ( froyo ) ? . if going for unofficial roms then be careful again as there are ( at least ) two hardware variants of this with incompatible roms , the magic a , and magic b .
i suppose you prob got a new phone by now or fixed it . but if you say the "The new battery charged once successfully" you mean you were able to charge it only with the phone off ? if so , sounds like you might have had a short circuit somewhere near the battery 's usb port connection , and only occurs when a certain circuit is on due to the phone being on . or it could be just something is loose . . . hard to tell from the details given . what i would do is try and take it apart again and see if anything got damaged or loose around that area . gotta keep in mind these devices are very delicate and use low voltages . you gotta do fixes like this as if they were " surgery " and take all precautions , proper tools , etc . a bit of static electricity discharging from your hand or even damaging the track in the board somehow can cause big time damage . tiny transistors are easily damaged by static electricity so always wear a anti-static wriststrap when doing these repairs . let us know what happened ! ?
in order to connect your phone to an exchange account follow these steps : from the home screen hit the menu button and choose " settings " . choose " accounts and sync " . click the " add account " button on the bottom . choose " corporate " . enter the full e-mail address and password of the exchange account you are trying to link , then click " next " . this step may require you to contact your exchange server administrator . you will need to know the name of the domain on which the exchange server resides , and then enter it in the first field before the "\" . leave the password field alone , and make sure that the server field lists either the ip address of your exchange server or the name ( commonly something like "mail.mycompany.com" ) . depending on how the exchange server is set up you may need to check or uncheck the two boxes below the server field , but usually the defaults work fine . then hit " next " . agree to the disclaimer ( all it says is that the administrator of the exchange server has the ability to wipe any exchange-related information from your phone without your permission ) and you should be all set ! if everything went according to plan you should start receiving e-mails right away in the e-mail app . edit : these steps should work for android 2.2 and definitely work for 2.3 .
this depends upon the rom that you are using . if its stock , you are stuck , for most oems do not allow sending big reports as such . if its a google device , or any other device running aosp , then , the link you have posted is appropriate . be sure to provide as much related and useful info as possible . if you are running custom roms , they had often provide you with links , so as to where to post bug reports , ( most often being the thread itself ( assuming that you are using a custom rom taken from a forum ) ) , which is where you ought to be posting bug reports .
the consequences of disabling the ril daemon ( rild ) is hardware dependent . because ril is getting more and more involved in all aspects of radio related items , including wifi . the easiest way to stop ril is by killing rild . but you need to have a rooted device to do this . open a command shell and get root prompt ( # ) . # kill -9 `pidof rild`  you can then check the current status with : # getprop |grep init.svc.ril ... [init.svc.ril-daemon]: [stopped] [init.svc.ril-qmi]: [stopped]  to restart rild you have to point it to the right device and library files . you can find what these are with : # getprop | grep rild.lib ... [rild.libargs]: [-d /dev/smd0] [rild.libpath]: [/system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so]  then restart with*: # rild -l /system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so -- -d /dev/smd0  * ps . i have not actually tried this line , so feel free to edit this post . it is possible you also need to supply the correct se context to su as well . . .
most apps , if not all , have the Show Notifications checkbox . i suppose you will just have to go through all your apps , and see which one was unchecked and check it again .
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
go to settings> language and keyboard> samsung keypad settings> xt9 predictive text . then go to xt9 advanced settings and check the relevant options you would like .
appbrain will show you who is searching for what . they even show broken down by country , age group and many other areas . you can see what is " hot today " or even this week or year . if you load the app on your phone it can make recommendations on what you may like based on what you currently have installed .
i do not know about feeds from the google market , but cyrket aggregates this sort of data .
http://www.oneclickroot.com/phone/celkon-a95/ this should help you in rooting it .
many ways lead to rome : try a rom that specifically fixes your problems : i use an ics build , sandvold 's ics for desire which comes with 4 different app2sd methods included ( xda thread ) which i find rather stable . you can have a look over to xda 's desire forum , to search for more roms . use link2sd , create a 2nd ext2/ext3/ext4 partition that a choice of your apps get moved to ( manually ) and symlinked from /data/ to . see app on google play , official faq . cm7 also supports the standard move to sdcard method that you can also use ( and might already be aware of . downside : /data get 's full anyway really soon ) you could try to flash a different bootloader ( called hboot on desire , that has another partition layout . see alpharev for instructions and downloads , there is data++ with 180mb and cm7r2 with close to 300mb free for apps at the expense of shrinking other partitions ( /system , /cache/ , . . . ) . not every rom fits all of these though . warning : not for the faint hearted ! read about the risks !
there is a post on the cyanogenmod forum that explains how to solve the problem . i followed it and have had no more problems ! it boils down to this : use the rom manager to partition the sd card install s2e and use it to move the caches to the sd card
i was exactly like you but with cm7.2 i partitioned my sd and mounted it easily using terminal emulator writing only one line of on each boot and then quick reboot from link2sd then everything is completely fine that line is : mount -t ext2 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /data/sdext2 but before all that you should open link2sd and select the ext2 then reboot
no , you cannot disable text preview completely . you can adjust how many lines you had like to see ( 1-3 ) , but like ios native messages . app you will be presented with a message preview . that being said , on android platform you can replace most default applications with the ones you like more . perhaps you will be able to find sms/mms app that offers this sort of customizability .
second update ( success ) : one or more of the following ended up solving my problem ( i tried all at once instead of trying each sequentially , sorry ! ) : connect the usb cable directly to computer , not through a hub . use the heimdall command line option " --recovery " ( instead of "--recovery" ) . use the newer <a href="stackexchange-url heimdall 1.4 final . thanks to evan carroll for the info borrowed from other questions !
the only real way to control these apps is to remove them . android does not provide any fine-grained settings to control the odd behaviors of individual apps .
if you are rooted , install autorun manager . make sure you have busybox installed and use Advanced Mode of autorun manager . it displays all receivers of an app as well as intents to which receivers are registered . from there , you can disable a receiver of an app , too . but , you had need pro version if you want to disable more than two receivers .
the boot animation wont change since the boot animation where a series of images . in /system/media you will find the bootanimation.zip if you open the zip you will find the images replace the zip with your own boot animation of portrait images . there are plenty of tutorial on how to make your own boot animation .
on windows xp , connectify is limited to ad-hoc networking : support for windows 8 , 7 , xp , and vista – xp and vista ad-hoc mode only android does not support ad-hoc networks without modification or manual configuration ( which will require rooting the device ) .
if you are getting ics update from device manufacturer , its ok to upgrade . it'll be usable on small screen because you will not get bare vanilla rom . . manufacturers put their own skins over it . so , if sony ericsson is pushing upgrade to xperia mini , their custom skin would take care of usability . other than this , you will get performance boost with ics upgrade . there're other benefits , too . so , i would recommend you to upgrade . best of all , would you like to be out-of-date ?
it is android based , i tried same commands on moto droid and htc mytouch , both worked exactly the same .
i entered # #info# # on my captivate and got to the same menu . so , in the interest of adding to the list &#42 ; #&#42 ; #1472365#&#42 ; #&#42 ; gets you to the gps configuration menu ( not sure what word that works out to )
there are many that seem to be " standard " , but they can also be added by individual applications ( e . g . provider-installed ) . check out http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=540483 for a method to extract telephony codes from your installed apps .
i have one of these awful devices also . i will just put it simply and cut straight to the chase . . . it cannot play video well at all . i have rooted mine , in hopes it would play video files too , alas it is not possible . the cpu in the device is not powerful enough to handle decoding xvid ( a common . avi file format ) , let alone higher cocmpression h . 264 ( . mkv files , sometimes . mp4 ) . i use mine for an alarm clock , as it is not much more useful than this duty/task . if you are playing a mp3 file using the built-in player , and hit the home icon , it reboots . i had high hopes for this device , but it is just junk . i have considered selling mine on craigslist , but i do not want to dump this nightmare on anyone else either , i am just not like that . if you want a good tablet , that is able to play most video 's , get an acer a500 . you can find them refurbished now for about $250 or so . they cannot play hd video , but can play almost every regular definition file you throw at it , using bsplayer , or mirage beta player . i love my a500 and use it everyday , the whole family uses it in fact , and they all really enjoy it . the pandigital is nothing short of a paperweight . i have heard their other models are just as bad . the nova is supposed to be capable of playing videos , but it has issues too . just avoid this brand totally , and go with acer or samsung . acer is much faster than samsung , whereas the samsung screen is a little better than the acer . the samsung devices are quite expensive , and most of them come with a cellular phone built in , which was something i did not want in my tablet . you can get the acer devices at walmart , but your best bet is ecost . com as they have them on sale right now . the 500 is a great dual core 1ghz processor , the 501 is dual core 1ghz with cell phone , the 510 is quad core 1ghz , and 710 will be out soon with 1.3ghz quad core .
as an owner of the mini st15i , the answer is yes , it does have the automatic flash for camera in which it can be turned off if the need arises .
sure . multiple options , all involving tasker : requires two things : autoremote and tasker . with that combination running on your phone , your tablet can request to enable the hotspot via . . . uh , internet . so this will not work if your tablet has no mobile data . so let 's substitute autoremote : if your phone has nfc support , you could stick a nfc tag to your tablet , and use apps like trigger , nfc retag , again in conjunction with tasker , to trigger the hotspot . of course this would require nfc to be turned on . if bt is turned on on both devices , they are paired , and set to automatically connect : tasker has a " state condition " registering when a bt connection is made ( bluetooth connected ) . you can specify the device as parameter . so as soon as the two are " close enough " , this could turn the hotspot on . as this only recognizes when the connection is made , to " reverse " ( i.e. . turn the hotspot off ) , you had rather use the wifi connected trigger ( reversed , i.e. when your tablet is no longer connected ) .
for example , those that are on earlier version of android ( possibility of it not working on android 4.3 ) there is an app called keep in pocket : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.momodalo.app.keepinpockethl=en this lets you tether your tablet to your phone automatically . and as a bonus , you can see any sms and calls incoming from your phone , displayed on the tablet .
i am going to presume this was a side-loaded app with a potential malware payload , since you mention you cannot find it on google play store . first step is to see if the application can be prevented from uninstall because it has set itself up as a device administrator , sort of a protected app . see settings> security> device administrators , and deactivate both or either , if listed . you may need to provide a device administrator password to do so . then try to see if they will uninstall normally . if not a device administrator , you may still attempt to uninstall normally , just finding it in a different list , the " all " list . see settings> application manager> all ( far right column ) find the application ( s ) in the list . try to uninstall this way , or at the very least " disable " or " turn off " if those operations are possible . to prevent side-loading apps in the future , see settings> security> unknown sources , and uncheck .
from page 53 of the user guide , you need to install the android sdk and use adb to load applications . if you do this with the market ( 3.3.12 ) i would expect you would be able to use it normally after that .
i also have the pandigital novel , did the update but it only gives you a 1.5 android , which originally was promised to be a 1.6 android . secondly , the slidesam 4.0 becomes slidesam 4.1 with the firmware update , but now crashes regularly when entering the android market online . . . all in all , pandigital left us hanging with no options . . . if you are lucky , you can hack your pandigital and give it the honeycomb 3.0 android but if you are like me , ( not a programmer ) , you would not know a honeycomb if it hit you upside the head !
if you happen to find a way to install .apk files directly to your novel , there are files to install the 3.0.26 market , or if that one is not compatible for some reason or does not work well ( it is the newest one ) , heres a link to the 2.3.6 market .
try this : on the messaging app , ( without opening any thread ) , tap on the menu key and go to settings . scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings section and turn off " auto-retrieve " next time you view the message , the message will display a download button . make sure your mobile data is on , and tap on the button . the image will be retrieved and displayed inline on galaxy s .
i just solved the contacts force close issue on my droid 3 . i had frozen several apps with titanium backup . the fix was to unfreeze these 2 items : yahoo contacts 2.3.4 and yahoo ! mail authenticator 2.3.4 immediately my issues were resolved . running rooted stock rom hope this helps others . i have benefited plenty from others ' posts . : )
gentle alarm . seems a little complex at first with profiles and alarms , but it rocks . the best feature is the one that allows you to skip alarms set to go off without actually turning off a configured alarm . i use that feature all the time . you have to pay for it , but its worth it . there was a comment about the concern of gentle alarm 's internet usage , below is what i found on the dev 's forum : i need internet access to allow users to send me information if they choose so . unfortunately , there are no conditional permissions . so even if you always decide not to send me any information when a crash happens , i still need the permission . there are two more reasons for internet permission : if you paid via paypal , you have to enter a key to unlock the app . this key is checked at some point when you are online every 3 months . and for market users such as system is coming . google recently added a licensing scheme as a minor step against piracy and you will start seeing this used in more and more apps . the app needs to call google servers to check if the license is valid . results are cached so that the app also works if online for extended periods of time . the latter two reasons are unfortunate . but for every legal copy i sell , there are more than 3 illegal ones out there . there are even some people who bundle apps and sell them at a discount . piracy has gone out of hand and if developers do not earn money with their apps , there will be fewer quality apps in the future . i will gladly discuss any concerns you may have .
tone picker ( appbrain link ) will allow you to use sound files for ringtones , notifications , or alarm sounds . i use the standard alarm clock on my htc incredible ( not sure if it is stock android , or sense ) , but i have got mp3s for some of the alrams . same too for some of the rings . update : re-read the op . not from a playlist .
good morning will let you " shuffle from a directory " of your choice . the app is free . it will also announce the day 's date and forecast for the day , as well as assign the alarm to specific days of the week .
alarm clock plus v2 . its free in the app market . let 's you set a song or a playlist , plus it has a ton of other options . its really a killer app . update : i still have the free ad supported version alarm clock plus installed on my phone but it looks like it is gone from the market . the only one left is the paid , ad-free version .
alarmdroid is also great ! it supports custom playlists and even internet radio . android «flip'n 'snooze» alarm clock application . makes you wake up in your way ! alarmdroid is a feature-rich alarm clock application . it is created to give every android-user the opportunity to wake up his ( her ) own way , not caring about whether he ( she ) is an early bird or a morning grouch . alarmdroid 's special feature is the flip'n 'snooze feature , which allows the user to turn the alarm clock back into snooze mode by turning over the phone . further , it provides a speaking clock , which does not only announce the time but even the local weather conditions . these and more features are waiting to be discovered by you ! even internet radio stations are supported as alarm tone .
i believe this was the first widely-available android phone . as you can see , it is brownish .
samsung devices have download and recovery modes with buttons combo to enter them . i do not know what it is for your tab , but usually for samsung devices it is vol up + home button + power button . make sure the device is off before doing so . once you enter recovery , just factory reset the device . as long as it is bootable , this could make it work .
if it has a removable battery , remove the battery , put it back and run it . else wait for it to discharge then charge and turn it back on . if none of these solve your problem , boot to the recovery menu and factory reset your device .
you may get what you want , if you find a model that includes this functionality already ( like e.g. the older archos g9 tablets did ) but it will not work out of the box for most models . there is the autopatcher project ( thread on xda ) that enables 3g dongles for modem-less tablets ( but it is limited to certain custom roms like cyanogenmod , aosp , rooted google stock android and others ) . regarding the power question : that is up to the exact model and you will need to find out by trial and error or get that info from searching google/specs/etc . the same applies to your last question ( but in general , those tv sticks are built to be plugged in and out and need to survive sudden power losses just as phones need to because they tend to run out of battery juice ) .
there is no " standard non-htc " version of android , your device needs custom drivers and therefore a customized version of android . if you install a custom rom it will most certainly be pre-rooted . you should check xda 's desire hd development subforum for custom roms . read a few threads and decide on one that sounds good , then follow the instructions to flash it . if there are no instructions then just put the rom . zip on your sd card , reboot into clockworkmod recovery , and follow the menus to flash it .
you need to flash this google apps ( gapps ) from this site here . installing just one apk for play store will not suffice and will fail as it has dependencies on other components that makes up gapps .
you must install busybox on your device . and you need a kernel with loopdevice support . i use a 2.6.35.7 kernel and i can run debian . you may have a armv6 cpu then ubuntu does not work .
htc provide ota-update to 2.2 for htc desire . you do not need any special ( root or goldcard ) to update your phone . just connect your phone to wi-fi or 3g
i would highly suggest zedge for awesome ringtones ! everyone in my family has been using it for quite a while , and finding some pretty sweet stuff : ) they have ringtones in the following categories :
you can try also myxer , which allows you to create your own ringtone from lots of songs . their website also has many things , such as wallpapers , mp3s , ringtones and more .
you should try tasker for simple interface and quick setup . if you are willing to do something by code and very specific , a good alternative is onx by microsoft , you can write your code to do exactly the things you wanna do . also there are some ready recipes that you can quickly setup .
for newer phones , you can use automagic , which has almost all of the functionality of tasker ( at the time of this writing , and expanding ) and has a much better interface for editing your sequences . it also makes use of the newer holo themes on android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later .
i have installed go keyboard and deactivated the phone 's default autocorrect and spell checker . this seems to have solved the autocorrect dictionary problem , and i am happy . seems to be an issue with the factory software from huawei . . . maybe . dunno .
there are some apps for pgp on android : openkeychain agp
the minimal requirements for building an android app are usually the android sdk and ant . then , you are able to build the majority 1 of projects with the following steps . if there is no build.xml generate it android update project -p . -n $project_name -s then build the project with ant debug which will create an .apk signed with your debug key . all other dependencies range from the used vcs ( e . g . git ) , over the required 3rd party libraries , up to other required build tools ( e . g . android ndk ) . 1 why did i write majority ? because there is no definitive answer for such a question , as it simply depends on the used build system and the overall build setup of the project . let 's have a look at f-droid 's metadata , which is a big database of build recipes for foss android apps . you will find that there are many ways how an android app can be build . for example goo.TeaTimer has a very clean and short build recipe , namely none , which defaults basically to f-droid using ant debug to create the .apk . on the other hand , org.transdroid.full requires a few more steps to create the .apk: first the transdroid core library needs to be created , that is the ant -f ../lib/build.xml line in prebuild , then options are disabled with the sed command . now the final .apk can be built .
you need another android phone . you can either : restore your colornote 's tibackup on another phone install colornote on another android phone and view one of your backups ( go to settings-> sdcard backup , then choose one and ' view ' it ) colornote 's backup is in /sdcard/data/colornote/ ( if you need to copy it to your new phone )
to restore your notes from sd card which were backed up using colornote 's backup to sd card functionality you can try this . install colornote app and then go to Backup select SD Card Backup . see if your earlier backups from sd card are listed there . if they are , select the one and your notes will be restored . i have tried this using the same sd card , in your case you have a backup of it so i am not sure but i guess it should work . let me know how it helps .
hi i found the answer to lot 's of peoples problems on restoring colornote files . transfering from one mobile to another , i tried everything but like most people i could see them on the phone 's sd card but i could not read the files , this is how i managed . if you have files backed up to an external hdd copy the colornote data folder to the phone 's sd card , open colornote go to settings and sign out of online sync ( this is the secret ) , while in settings go to sd card back up and select the first one of your file 's when you select the file it gives the option to restore . hit restore and all your files will then show in colornote . if any files are locked it will require that you enter the password i just used the same as used on my old phone and i could then open and read the files .
it is easy to restore colornote backup files from pc : connect you android phone ( or tablet ) in mtp mode open connected android phone folder on your pc locate " data/colornote/backup " folder on the android device and copy your backup files to that folder open colornote on your android device and go to backup , select sd card backup , touch the saved backup data and restore it . if your android has a sd card , you could just plug the card into pc and copy the files . on my colornote versions , the backup restore deletes previous files .
you can install android emulator ( such as www.bluestacks.com/ ) install there colornote and send notes to email or save them to a file .
in my case the program had problem finding my backup after upgrading from android 2.3 to 4.2 . the backups were in sdcard1/data/colornote/backup and i needed to copy them to external_sd/data/colornote/backup for the program to find them .
i am assuming from the way the question is written , you may want fixed dialing numbers ( fdn ) . the samsung galaxy s4 can be set so that it may only call certain numbers from a set of specified prefixes . this is useful if you only want to call people on a specific network to save additional charges on inter-network calls . to do the restriction , you may need to follow these procedures . phone > menu > call settings > additional settings > fixed dialing numbers > enable fdn follow the prompts to supply the rest of the information needed . if you have fdn already enabled , and the number list is too broad , you can try disabling it , and using dialing presets instead .
the upgrading to 10.2 from 10.1 page links to a flashable zip with the photosphere enabled camera app . that link appears to currently be broken . here is a working link . after flashing , the camera app has the ability to take photospheres .
terminal-ide does not appear to have that feature yet , but it does have an issue tracker where you could request it . as it is an open-source program , you might even be able to add the feature yourself if you know ( or are willing to teach yourself ) a little about how android apps are written .
sent it back for repair . main board was exchanged and now it is working fine with the latest version . just bad luck i guess .
deriving from the link given in comments : answer by richard you are not able to play the high resolution videos in your mobile . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen . comment by ce4 in general , hd videos need to be decoded by a specialized companion chip ( h264 decoder ) because the cpu is not powerful enough . for price reasons , only a subset of h264 's features may be supported leaving you without hd support
just install mx player on your android phone . then , you can play any video format on your samsung galaxy y duos .
try mx player from google play . it can play almost all the video formats in my samsung galaxy y duos . review
the honeycomb 3.2 update for logitech review fixed this .
i am not sure where you would find one , but you could try sideloading the flash player app from the play store as installed on another hc 3.1.0 device and see whether that can display flash content any better .
it seems a database for the browser may bloat for some reason , if you are root you can check the files in /data/data/com . android . browser , see if one of them is unnecessarily huge , and move/delete it .
assuming by " internet " it means the default browser , then you should be able to go to browser settings to delete history and other cached data ( press menu button on the browser , then select more , then settings ) . as for contacts , if your address book are synced to your gmail address book , you can clear data in the manage applications . after a short while , the contact app will resync to gmail address book hopefully without the facebook contacts .
the reason for the different behavior is that dropbear was using a different shell than the terminal app . a workaround would be to just use the same shell as the terminal app : echo "/system/bin/sh" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  note that this is in contrast to the cyanogenmod wiki , which instructs you to use the busybox shell : /system/xbin/busybox sh
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
i was able to blacklist the messages by pressing and holding over the " conversation " in the list and selecting " add to blacklist . " this removed the messages and i have not gotten any new nag messages from them since .
i am pretty sure this will work but i can not test it fully because i never updated go sms to the " nagging " new version after reading all the complaints in the reviews . . . you have to be rooted . if you are , install root firewall free and block internet traffic for go sms . i do not get those nagging reminders but i tried it and i was still able to send and receive sms messages but i could not use features that use the internet like the go chat . if you want to download a new theme or use one of the data dependent service periodically you can just toggle the block off from the firewall app and put it back on when you are done . obviously this will not help you if you use those data dependent extra services regularly . alternatively , if you are not rooted you can revert back to version 4.56 of go sms . you can download this version directly on the go sms website . this is the version i have and i do not get any of those annoying nags . when i started typing this answer i did not think they had post past version but now that i see that they do i would say this is probably the better option .
i just texted " stop " to the message and got a reply back stating " got it , thanks " . all done .
looks like this is a pretty common problem . one of the comments in the second link says that you need to change /sdcard to /mnt/sdcard . apparently android 2.2 changed the way the sdcard is mounted and the error you are receiving comes from /sdcard being a symbolic link in 2.2 rather than an absolute path . http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/issues/detail?id=86 http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/updates/list
i think you should try mail alert in the market ! it s a pager , where you can choose the ringtone / vibration / visual notification according to various filters such as from / subject / cc fields etc . for imap account , you can choose the folder to be checked , which seems to be your need if you created a folder by account .
by consolidating , i am going to assume that you are having gmail do a pop download of those other email accounts and bring them into your gmail inbox . if that is what you are doing , then i think the easiest way to have those accounts not notify you is to have them skip your inbox entirely and have a separate label applied to them . in your gmail settings , under " accounts and import " --> check mail using pop3 , you will have your accounts that you are downloading . for each account you do not want to be notified , use the " edit info " button , and set the account to be labeled , and to " archive incoming messages ( skip the inbox ) " .
i would suggest trying priority inbox , which can notify , vibrate , or ring on just your new important mail . switch to using the gmail app , instead of the standard email app . then go to Menu > Settings > Priority Inbox . additionally , mail filtering is a more " hands on " solution for this problem that both complements priority mail , and helps resolve the issue when using other email applications . for instance , in my gmail settings i created a filter for incoming mail addressed to one of my aliases . i set that mail to Never mark as important , Skip Inbox and apply a label . when email addressed to that alias arrives , i am not notified . but i can use that label to go back and read that mail at my leisure . the same can be done for your mailing list accounts , using the list: search parameter . gmail provides a few other useful search parameters such as has:circle and has:attachment .
i do this with multiple gmail accounts . load the email account that you want to skip notifications . click menu , then find settings . uncheck the box labeled " email notifications " . that account will no longer sound a notification , nor show up in the notification bar . you can still browse and read all email just like you would expect .
enotify from verietas provides this exact capability . it lets you create alerts that match various rules . one of the available rules is the account . so you can play sound x if from your gmail account . play sound y if from your yahoo account . but it lets you do so much more than that . . . you can play different sounds based on the sender and subject and all sorts . . . there a free lite version too if you want to check it out . cheers .
i would simply turn off email sync for those accounts specifically . you can do that by going to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync , selecting the account , and unchecking sync gmail . you can still check mail manually through the gmail app , of course . edit : the newest version ( 2.3.5 ) of gmail now supports turning off alerts for particular gmail accounts .
short answer yes . it should act exactly like having a second browser . . . until you set it as your default android should prompt you to pick what client you want to use . if you choose k9 as your default and then delete it android will be smart enough to revert back to the default client .
when you first install an application that can handle the same intent as another application install ( for the sake of this example , let 's say a home launcher , but this works for any similar apps ) , then the first time you had press the home button ( which calls an intent to go to the home screen , which you now have 2 apps that could handle it ) , you will get a selection screen of applications that can fulfill that intent and you will have the option to set one of them as default . if set an application as default and you no longer wish to use that application as default you can either uninstall the application or you can go to settings --> applications --> manage apps --> go to the app in particular --> and click on " clear defaults " . this will reset the default application for that intent , so the next time you had press the home button you would again get a selection of home launchers to choose from .
i had problems with my texting immediately after leaving the cricket store . this may not be your problem with the conversion , but as far as people not receiving mms , try fixing your apn . you will have to research how to do it on your phone and get the correct apns for your phone carrier , as i do not have access to that specific phone . this may at least help you with people not getting mms from you .
this sounds like it may be something your carrier is doing when the number your calling is busy . if i call a number that is busy , i get a busy tone .
the refund button on the play store is only available for 2 hours ( although google 's support pages say 15 minutes ) . from your question it sounds like you may be the developer of the app , in which case you can manually refund the purchase regardless of when the app was purchased via your google wallet merchant account . i do not think this actually reverses the purchase ( they can still install and use the app ) but the cost of the purchase is refunded to the user .
summing up from the comments , and adding a little . directory structure there is no complete documentation for the entire cards structure , that seems not to be fixed . however , some directories seem to be more or less common : the developers guide suggests app specific data should be stored below /sdcard/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/files/ ( &lt;package_name&gt; represending the name of the package the data belongs to , which looks like com.example.android.app ) , and /Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/cache/ for external cache files ( basically , this corresponds to the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/ directory on internal storage ) same source recommends a bunch of directories to store files intended to be shared among apps . all of those directories are located in the root of the card , and include : Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . Download/ - miscellaneous downloads . excluding directories from media scan if you wish to exclude a directory from the media scan ( i.e. . from being indexed for the gallery ) , you can place a file named .nomedia there . this will tell the media scanner to skip this directory ( including all files and subdirectories ) from a scan -- thus neither images , nor audio or video files stored here will turn up in the gallery . you however can still access them by looking them up manually . up to my knowledge , there is no way to restrict this to a certain media type ( i.e. . having the media scanner index audio/video , but skip images ) . important : note the " dot " at the beginning of the file name ( making it a " hidden file" ) . this must be included with its name .
Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; WiFi Settings , hit the menu button , and choose advanced . however , it appears this does not support user authentication . i can not find a solution online , either : ( . the question i marked as a duplicate may be of some assistance , though your version of android may be too old for any of this .
on my rooted device i was able to start connection once and it never worked again . command is : android# pand --connect XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX android# netcfg bnep0 dhcp  alternatively if you know the address of remote device - let 's say 192.168.101.1 android# ifconfig bnep0 192.168.101.1 android# route add default gw 192.168.101.1 dev bnep0 android# setprop net.dns1 192.168.101.1  i am not sure why it stopped working for me . maybe i will restore factory image , root it and try again .
go to Settings &gt; Notifications . select Vibrate for message notifications subsection . can you please check if this works ?
android by default does not allow secondary users ( restricted profiles ) to install apps from Unknown Sources . but , under Application and Content restriction for the particular user , you can enable specific menu in Settings menu . you can check whether Unknown Sources can be enabled .
i do not think it is possible to re-lock the bootloader of a atrix 4g . you should read this too
if phone data/photos is all you are after , i suggest using airdroid instead . no wires required , and will work on any computer . if you are really set on using the cord , you may be missing gs2 drivers . you will need to install kies from samsung .
it varies from phone to phone , but generally in your camera settings you can set a destination . if that is not an option , you can try something more creative with an app such as tasker to have it automatically move pictures that your camera adds to its folder to a different folder on the sd card . if your stock camera app does not let you though , there are solid camera apps on the play store that certainly do .
it depends . if an application uses features present in android 2.3 , then it will not work on 2.2 or lower . if it only uses features present in older versions , then it will work on those older versions . for example , an app written for 2.1 ( i.e. . , an app that only uses features from 2.1 or lower ) will work on 2.1 , 2.2 , 2.3 , 3.0 , and 3.1 ( and any future versions , unless google changes how things work ) .
internally android uses so called api levels to distinguish between the various android versions . an app records two ( actually three , but this does not matter here ) api levels within it is manifest : minSdkVersion targetSdkVersion these levels can differ when , for example , the app uses a feature of a higher api level only optionally . e.g. the access to the front facing camera came with 2.3.3 . if the app runs on a older version ( api level ) it can only access the rear camera . but the app will be installable and runnable . so yes , if a app is written for a higher android version it could run on a lower , but only if the app developer took care of that .
can i install anything that runs on ubuntu ? no , you can install anything , but it may not work . you need to find packages and programs matching your hardware architecture . for example , in common case programs compiled for x86 architecture will not run at all on your smartphone , because phone has different cpu type - usually arm7 .
ubuntu running on one computer is really no different from ubuntu running on another computer , whether one of the computers is called a " phone " or not :p things to consider for your applications : does this application rely on specific video libraries ? no existing android phone has an ati video chip , for example , as far as i am aware . does this application rely on specific input methods or other hardware ? not all android devices support peripherals . of course , most have bluetooth so ubuntu should be able to manage a bluetooth keyboard , for example , but i am not sure whether a phone 's bluetooth stack could be so different as to not work in ubuntu . does this application rely on the x86 architecture ? most ( all ? ) android devices use the arm architecture . i would suspect that emacs would be fine if you compiled it for the chipset of whatever device you used . ruby might be more complicated -- maybe it relies on specific x86 instructions , i have not really studied how interpreted languages work in that regard -- but maybe not . you are making me want to try ubuntu on my phone so i can better answer these questions :p
i have seen openoffice . org running on debian on an openmoko freerunner . that does not mean it was a good idea , but i have seen it done . : ) if there is an arm build of a package , you should be able to get it to at least run . the limitations is that things may not always be supported by free software - even the venerable dream ( g1 ) has binary drivers . there are projects reverse-engineering these drivers ( as of this writing , the ril has been reversed and gps ( not agps ) works . )
this post helped me : since firmware version 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , the memory became partitioned : roughly 2gb for apps , the rest became mass storage . the problem did not exist in ics or earlier . to free up some space , dial *#9900# in standard dialer ( called phone ) and select option 2 " delete dumpstate/logcat " in the prompted menu as for making more than 2gbs available for applications , here 's an instruction on re-flashing firmware which re-partitions internal storage , allowing up to 12gbs of internal storage for applications .
what my friend is implying is that the applications you have on your samsung , are eating up your internal memory . what you need is to get the applications running from your external sd card . in all android devices there is an amount of the memory assigned to run your android system just like in a computer there is a storage for your os . this storage should be about 2gb , or less . . . . now , your samsung 's memory is divided into three main parts , that is system storage , usb storage and sd card ( external sd card ) try going to your task manager and checking the available memory . also , try moving the apps to run on sd card ( external ) using appsmgriii , hope it works . otherwise if the memory continues to be as little as you imply , your s2 will start getting slower . goodluck .
a quick and easy way to free up some space is sd maid . it is a free software and is available on the android market . sometimes log files take a lot of this internal space . but i believe even ~200mb should be more than enough to get new apps . have you tried writing to the internal storage yourself or check if apps can write to it ? this is easy to do if you have a rooted phone and you can use any file manager to create a file on it . i suspect that your phone is accidentally detecting your internal storage as read only and this is what is causing the issue . i have seen the same happen for external sd cards before but not for internal storage .
the samsung galaxy sii is an older device which does not use the mtp protocol and so , applications ' storage and internal storage is separated . newer devices share the full internal storage seemingly . if you in need of storage space for apps , you may look at some root options such as : app2sd applications that enable you to transfer your applications to the internal storage app2ext that enable you to extend your applications ' partition a rom for your phone that change the partitions ' size
android does not accept connection from ip addresses missing in arp cache . i think that is a bug .
i believe this is simply because android puts the wifi to sleep to save power when the screen is turned off . you can try setting the wifi sleep policy : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; Network Setting &gt; Wifi Settings &gt; Press Menu button &gt; Advanced &gt; Wifi sleep policy to Never and see if your problem still persists . alternatively though , instead of having your server ping your phone , i think it will be easier for the phone to " ping " ( or make a http request or through other methods ) the server when it is connecting to your wifi network . your application can register to the system to receive a broadcast intent when certain wifi events occurred .
if you have droidwall , allow access to " ( kernel ) - linux kernel " . on my phone this is definitely the reason why android answers or not to a ping or tracert .
you should go to settings -> security and check the option : unknown sources ( or something like that ) . then your tablet would allow you to install apps from everywhere .
there is launchstats which should work as is on versions up to ( including ) android 4.0 ice cream sandwich . this app scans the system logs for all app starts since the device was booted and extracts the data you want . however starting with 4.1 jelly bean the necessary read_logs permission has been restricted to system apps due to security concerns . it is still possible , but you need to grant that manually via the developer console on your pc ( adb is part of the android sdk ) :  adb shell pm grant de.goddchen.android.launchstats android.permission.READ_LOGS  see more background on how to grant this permission here . you also need to enable adb debugging on your phone in the developer options .
the android system stores statistics on this , which on most devices can be accessed via a hidden menu : open your dialer type *#*#4636#*#* a menu will open . the 3 rd entry should read " usage stats " ( or something similar ) . tap this . you should see a list of your apps , which tells for each app how often it was started , and how long it ran . using the drop-down box on top , the list can be sorted by usage time , usage count , or app name . remark : afaik this list will be reset when you restart your device . edit : in case your device provides no dialer ( thanks @ce4 for pointing out my lapsus ) , it will require some searching to find the appropriate menu , but it is doable . some launchers ( e . g . apex launcher ) provide the possibility to create shortcuts to " activities " ( rawly : screens provided by apps ) . long-tap a free space on your homescreen , then select " shortcuts " , then " activities " . now scroll through the quite long list to find it . on my lg optimus 4x the activity is called " test " and has a " gear " icon ( same as the " settings " app has in this menu ) , so that is the first place to look for : scroll to " settings " , open the drop-down , look for " test " .
a common fix for this kind of problem is usually buying a case for your phone . i also have this problem in galaxy mini , but ever since i bought a thick silicon case , my problem is solved . but this did not get rid of the misbehaving touchscreen while charging problem , which is probably caused by the flux of electricity messing with the capacitive display .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the su binaries are not included with the original distribution of android , because they are not used at all by any stock system functions . obviously , there are those of us that like to be able to do those things ; ) most rooting processes take care of this , but some leave it out . hence the file @matthew read linked to should take care of your problem , if you follow the process he outlined : ) if you had like to read more about it , you can visit the superuser website and find more downloads there , although the link posted supports eclair , froyo , gingerbread , honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . so it should cover you : )
the answer is data2sd what does it do ? it basically tells android to use the ext2 partition ( once available ) on the sd card as internal storage , together with hd2 's internal memory . this way you can get up to 4gbs . how to install ? as specified in the forum , you can grab the recovery zip ( check topic if link goes down ) and install it in recovery . it is not that straightforward . if that is your first time , i suggest to : make a backup of the sd card on pc , laptop , tablet or cloud , because it is going to be wiped insert the card in hd2 , boot in recovery ( keep HOME down during htc logo ) . some roms allow you to reboot in recovery , some apps allow you to with one click : choose your favourite option from clockwork recovery , choose the option to partition sd card ( Advanced -&gt; Partition SD Card ) , and choose your partition size . with card > = 8gb , i recomment 4096mb once finished , power off , remove the card and copy the recovery zip you downloaded on the card . also restore your previous backup insert the card , boot recovery again and choose the option to install a zip from sd card , then choose that file and confirm reboot android . you are done ! ! how does it work ? when you partition the sd card , android creates a swap partition ( that works like in linux , do not forget it is just plain linux kernel ) and an ext2 partition of the size you just chose in the end of the card . the first part of the card is partitioned with a fat32 partition for easy interoperability , because windows and other oses only mount the first partition in a removable drive , if they can mount it . data2sd is basically an init script ( running on system boot ) that mounts this ext2 partition as the /data directory of the system . credit to user Anurag pandey@xda-developers
1- root your phone . 2- install cwm 3- create a second partition on the sd card . 8 gb card = second partition 3 gb . leaves you 5 gb storage . 4- install link2sd from google store . link all apps to the second partition . in that way you have all widgets available . 5- you will never have low memory problems again . . .
things that would be cleared are anything that is not saved , open applications , etc . for example , if you were playing a game , and just pressed the home key the game would go to the background and be paused . when you restart your phone , you will lose that game ( up until the last point it saved ) . other things that you leave half finished , such as an unwritten email might get lost , but even that is unlikely because i notice android pretty much makes sure i never lose anything . it is not a bad idea to restart your device once in a while , but you really do not have to worry about losing anything . it is safe .
2 places to check : settings -> wireless and network -> usb settings , and select " ask on connection " . settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging [ disable usb debugging ]
try removing and reinserting your sd card .
you might have a broken cable and/or connector : install alogcat and unplug the usb cable then clear the logs , then re-plug the usb cable . you should see something like this : if it is just something like this , your connection is not detected ( broken cable , . . . ) :
when i experience this , turning the phone off and on again with the usb connected seems to make it work . i recommend you turn it on and off again .
just slide downwards and tap " usb connected " . from there , you will see the " connect usb storage " button . just tap it , and wait for the android image to change from green to orange . now , you are connected .
there are two levels of technical reason why this would not work . not all mobile phones allow the software to control the audio that gets sent over a voice call : the microphone feeds directly into the cell radio . this is the same reason that apps to record calls or play sound over calls do not work on every phone . gsm lossily compresses the sound signal using methods that are specifically designed to work with voice . if you were to try to send arbitrary data ( such as an encrypted signal ) over gsm , it would come out garbled at the other end . if you want to make a phone call that your carrier can not eavesdrop , there are apps available to do this , but they work over wireless internet , not over gsm ( i.e. . they use data not voice ) .
the samsung rom does not have the stock aosp dialer and contacts app . it has touchwiz themed dialer and contacts app . this is one of the most glitchy and slowest of dialer apps out there . try the swipe dialer if you care to . it has good reviews and seems to be working fine across the board . another option will be to port aosp dialer as in cyanogenmod . this is advanced stuff and you will need knowledge of adb . try it out if you want . the easiest way out is to flash a custom rom . try cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoid android , etc . there are several others too . try xda developers forums for more in depth info .
the galaxy y gt-s5360 simply does not have backlighting for its capacitive buttons ( source 1 , source 2 ) whereas the ace does - there is nothing you can do .
if you are on a tablet running recent version of android os ( 4.3 and above ) , you can create a restricted user profile for your child . there you can simply disable access to the app which you used to limit the volume . for older versions of android os on tablets and on phones ( restricted profiles are disabled for phones even on latest android os versions , ) you can try various " app protector " type of apps , that provide password-based mechanisms for restricting access to various installed apps .
if you have tasker , you could create a task that detects when the volume is changed . if it goes higher than x , it will run a task to reduce the volume back to x . tasker also lets you password protect groups of events , and you can enable tasker to be an administrator on the device . your child would be able to breifly set the volume higher , but it would always reduce back down . they could not disable the tasker event without the passcode , and they could not uninstall or disable tasker since it is a device admin . of course , they could always get around it somehow , such as clearing the data on the app or figuring out how to remove the administrator flag so that tasker could be removed . it is a cat and mouse game . but this solution should suffice for people who are not as technically minded .
i saw this , and also looked into it briefly . basically , as you are using your google account when buying the device , google will link your google account to your nexus device at the factory , and send your details to your email address . this means that the google account setup is already complete when you receive the device , so you can download apps as soon as you turn it on and enter your password . it is unlikely to be encrypted , however as the password has yet to be entered no sensitive information such as emails or card details can be access should someone else receive the device .
i had similar problem when i first tried installing a custom rom ( cyanogenmod ofcourse ) on my zte blade phone . everytime i tried to install the custom rom and getting the success message , it asked me to restart the phone but after restarting it again turn back to the stock rom . i researched a lot and found a pretty simpler solution ; i rooted my device using z4root app and then installed custom recovery ( clockworkmod recovery ) on it ( this custom recovery is device specific many a times , so first ensure if clockworkmod recovery is compatible with your galaxy s3 ) now after your phone get rooted and have a custom rom installed , you will be able to install your custom rom on it by booting into the recovery . feel free to ask me futher if you find difficulty at any point and i will be happy to elaborate the steps further . cheers !
the file places.sqlite stores history information . i suppose that if you manage to delete the entries you want from there and then sync your changes then these entries will not show up in your history . here is some info about editing this file
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
everything i have seen suggests you can only do it if your phone is rooted . here 's a tutorial for those with rooted phones .
try magisto . i just tested it initially and managed to record for almost 2.5 hours before i stopped it .
i do not think it is a bug . google have un-intuitively moved it around in ics . try this . open gallery> select menu button > tap " select items " > select a photo > now tap the share icon . all the sharing options should now be visible .
yes , it will take longer to charge if you are using it . the same as when you are using a laptop while it is charging .
yes . the galaxy nexus will accept no more than 4.5w of power ( 0.9a @ 5v ) from a charger , regardless of what the charger is capable of supplying . this is not a whole lot , so doing stuff will cut down on the amount of power available to charge the battery and it is actually possible to run down the battery while you are plugged in . testing by a guy on reddit showed peak power draws from the battery of over 5w when using google maps , so you had end up using the entire charger supply to power the hardware , and another 0.5w drawn from the battery .
afaik , with android 4.2+ you can regulate on a per-app-base whether you want to see notifications or not . long-pressing a notification should open a menu , from which you can navigate to the corresponding place , and define you do not want to see notifications from that app anymore . ( as i have no device with 4.2+ , i cannot check myself ) . on the other hand , " spammy messages " sound like they come from some advertizement module , such as airpush or leadbolt . you can verify that with ad-scanners ( i recommend appbrain ad detector ) . if i guessed right with that , you have two ways to react on this : for airpush , there is a way to opt - out , same seems to apply for leadbolt ( opt-out ) . appbrain ad detector clearly shows you which network is involved , see below screenshots . appbrain ad detector ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) or you consider avoiding apps using such an aggressive advertizement , uninstall yours , and watch out for a less offensive alternative -- that is what would be my choice . i have full understanding for devs to fund their fremium apps using ads -- but please , leave those adds where they belong : inside the app they are funding . pushing ads to the notification bar , or adding " funny shortcuts " to the user 's homescreen , is intruding the user 's privacy , and has no connection to the app at all ( in most cases , users even have no clue where that " stuff " comes from ) .
short answer : yes . in fact , it is a little more complicated than that . the device manufacturer or oem buys different components ( chips and sensors ) from other manufacturers . some of those components ( such as the soc or chipset ) in turn contain hardware designed by other companies . for example , an lg phone might contain a soc manufactured by qualcomm , which in turn contains a gpu designed by arm . just like how the hardware contains components from different vendors , so does the software . in the example , when arm licenses ( sells ) the gpu design to qualcomm , they also supply the source code for a reference driver for the gpu design . ( they had include source for whatever platforms qualcomm is interested in , including android . ) qualcomm would adjust all the parameters of the driver ( such as the memory map , which you mentioned ) for their soc , and put it together with drivers for all the other components of the soc . then , when lg buys the soc from qualcomm , qualcomm would supply this combined driver to lg . lg puts this together with the drivers for other parts of the phone ( such as the touch screen ) , adds their ui customizations , and builds a rom image that they can flash onto the phone during manufacture . there is sometimes an extra step , too : the carrier might change the rom to include more pre-installed apps , a different boot animation , or other customizations . so , although in general each component manufacturer or designer is responsible for the driver for their own components , that driver is changed further down the line .
that is what usually delays an android update being rolled out to the end user 's device : even if the aosp ( android open source project ) announced a new android version being available two months ago , it is still only available to nexus users ( their drivers etc . are included with aosp ) -- while oems first need to adjust their drivers , and test how that goes along with the new android version . for some devices , they might even decide it is not worth it , and not adjusting the new version . the same applies once more to vendors/carriers shipping branded devices : they first need to wait for the manufacturers to finish their adjustments , and only then can start adjusting the branding ( and testing their adjustments again ) . another delay . but now you might uderstand why some carriers proudly announce a 4.0 . x update to some devices , while 4.2 is long available and even 4.3 already knocking at the door .
neither dvm nor jvm runs on every processes . natively compiled applications ( e . g . the ones you see inside terminal emulator ) are not associated with any dvm or jvm . and even when you only count android " apk " applications , the overhead of having jvm/dvm on ( nearly ) every process ' address space is minimal since they are a shared dynamic library so linux will smartly load them once in a copy-on-write buffer for the whole os .
android applications run dalvik bytecode , so the dvm needs to be running . just like how running java bytecode on a pc requires a jvm to run .
have you tried holding down the power button and the volume up button at the same time until you see the dead android and red triangle , if you then tap the volume up button once you should see a list of options including factory reset ( complete data removal ) which will reset the device to the basic state it was in when you bought it
go to settings-applications-usb debugging and enable that . if you are running ics , go to settings-developer options instead . now when you connect your phone via usb , it will show up as a mass storage device and you can directly copy files to/from the mass storage ( and sd card if you have one ) . try placing the certificate in the root directory of your sd card and then import it .
you could always encrypt your device . depending on what phone you are using will determine the method or even availablity of this function . it takes time though and you should do it with about 80-90% battery . also , i beleive the fact that your phone is rooted , makes it less secure - assuming the thief/person who picked up your phone ( assuming that it was to be lost ) . as long as they can access the internal/external storage , they can bypass this .
i would use lock screen . . . it is easy to use bruteforce on any apps which are using a pin code , it is harden with the lock screen , but not impossible . . so do not carry very important documents on your phone . . .
the app locker gives you more access , and is working against the system rather than with it . almost by definition , it is much less secure . an app locker might keep out the casual user , but not anyone who knows what they are doing . unless it blocks new apps by default , sideloading would be a problem . depending on the device that may be enough to root it ( if you are not already ) and then they can more or less bypass/remove anything on the device . adb access is a risk in both cases but the ability to interact with the device may provide some other options . i agree with admartian that encryption is the way to go . using a lock screen plus an app locker is better than using only one of them , as well .
i have found ghostcommander ( open source ) to be just as good , and it is smaller ( takes up less room on limited flash space ! ) . you can find it on fdroid repository .
if you do not want to use third party software then you need to use samsung 's kies . it says here that it supports syncing with outlook , though i do not know the details .
android 2.3.3 was ( on all devices i am aware of ) vulnerable to the gingerbreak exploit , which used a software hole in android to gain root permission and therefore does not require wiping your device . superoneclick provides this as one of its root methods , making it a popular choice for rooting versions 2.3 to 2.3.3 of gingerbread .
there is a google-made app with almost exactly that name , that does let you read google books on your android device , google play books . i am pretty sure that should do what you want .
the svox classic tts system replaces the ( robotic ) native android pico_tts ( and pico_tts is generating the speech onboard the phone ) free main application https://market.android.com/details?id=com.svox.classic $3 voices like the british victoria voice https://market.android.com/details?id=com.svox.classic . langpack . eng_gbr_fem
this is apparently not possible with android 2.2 on motorola droid .
i am pretty sure that while adb push works to get the files there , it is not the supported way to get media files onto your android device . this means that it does not set the flag that tells the media scanner that new media which needs it is meta-data indexed and added to the media library has arrived on your device . one way to force the media scanner to rescan your storage is to just run an app like rescan sd after you have copied the files over .
real player has a beta version for android phones , so maybe it will be the one you are looking for .
default video player on android does support rtsp . you can specify the port in the url ( &lt;server&gt;:&lt;port&gt; )
perhaps it is a bug , my nexus 4 is on the english locale and with a russian input language gesture typing works . perhaps you have installed an app that gives you the russian keyboard , it would not support gesture typing by default .
i do not know about your specific issue , but swiftkey 4 has gesture typing that is worked for me in multiple languages ( english and french ) .
i think there are a couple of bugs here . it does not work with qwerty layout . it does work with uk and us though , but the trick here is to disable and enable again " gesture input " option after needed dictionaries were installed .
i have not looked exhaustively at the filesystem itself ( did not use adb shell or anything ) , but i am fairly positive the warning is just a generic message that shows up whenever you clear data for an app or system service . i tried a couple of different apps and services and always saw the warning . after clearing my media storage data and unmounting/remounting my sd card i had : all of my music still available ( after it had a chance to rescan ) my google music account still set up and properly linked my ringtone still set to the correct song on my sd card all other accounts and settings normal so basically , everything excepting the actual list of songs on my sd card was retained , and the list was refreshed after i remounted the sd card , as far as i can see . other than clearing media storage data , the only other thing i have tried to get my music to update is just unmounting and remounting the sd card ( or using an app like sd rescan to do it for you , as mentioned in the other question ) . i have personally had kind of mixed results with this , but the clear data then remount cycle always seems to work .
according to a few reports floating around the web , including this one from bgr this is a known software bug which google is working to correct . i get them on my gn occasionally as well and in my experience it is 100% random , so i do not think there is anything we can do to avoid them .
i am using screen stream on android . it works great !
i too would like to do this , but mainly so that i can handwrite text and mathematics on slides presented on my laptop in powerpoint . i tried splashtop remote as suggested by another responder . while this is seems to be an excellent tool for remotely controlling your computer , the latency and slightly unreliable nature of the connection means that it is not good enough to transmit readable handwriting . the other option i am considering ( which you might too ) would be to just plug the tablet directly into the projection system ( assuming that is what you are using ) , i.e. do everything from the tablet . there are several options ( keynote , polaris office etc . , depending on your hardware ) for presentation software that will run on tablets .
there is software that i am looking at called smartclass by radix software . do a search on youtube and you will see it in action . :- ) i have been in contact with the software developer and we will be going with the application if we get classroom tablets .
i do not know of a way to display your tablet screen other than some sort of display adapter . things like this with the receiver would allow you to do it wirelessly , but they get mighty expensive . additionally , i do not believe bluetooth is designed as a " display out " port , so to say , and i am hard pressed to believe it would be easy to do this , beside the fact that you may need to write that yourself . i would recommend something like splashtop remote . this does not display your tablet screen on the pc but allows you to see and control your pc screen from your tablet . so you could not share your tablet screen , but you could still walk around the classroom with your tablet and control what is being projected to the screen . also , and i do not know if this works over bluetooth , but you could try the android screencast project . maybe it has what you need ! i know it is not the solution you are looking for , but hopefully it helps !
no . a system app has to be either installed by root or signed with the same key that signed the rom image .
if your device is rooted , you can try creating symbolic link from the folder to sd card ( this is essentially what link2sd does to apps , with prettier interface ) using the terminal emulator . helpful commands ( disclaimer : untested , use at your own risk , make sure you understand exactly what the commands does before running them ) get root su copy the folder to sdcard cp -r /data/log/ /path/to/new/folder remove the original folder rm -r /data/log/ create symbolic link use ln -s /path/to/new/folder /data/log reboot and test . until you reboot , old processes may still own a handle to the old files even though it had been removed from the filesystem . note though , /data/log generally should not use too much space , so moving this folder likely will not save too much space . if you have an unusually large log directory , you might want to investigate that instead of moving the log directory .
you can not just install the apk , you have to download a gapps package , which contains all the google applications that come with google licensed phones . this , however , requires rooting the phone and installing a recovery . the reason for all the trouble is that while android is open source , google apps are proprietary code , and devices have to be licensed with google in order for the apps to be included on the device . for more information , see how can i install the google apps package ( play store , . . . ) on my android device ? , rootzwiki gapps page and gapps download .
on some devices , especially motorola ones , disabling the stock messaging app will cause any app that you set to handle sms to crash when sending an outbound sms . while other system apps may be safe to disable , i would recommend against disabling the stock messaging app . see this question for more details .
i have not experience any major problems after using the integrated sms/hangouts . only thing is that you may take some time to get used to it . however , it is a matter of preference . some may prefer separate apps to avoid pain of selecting whether to send sms or start a hangout . but to answer your question , no , nothing to be taken care of .
it is actually quite simple just hard to figure out . install a file manager app ( astro , inka file manager ) using a file manager app navigate to sdcard > media folder create a new folder place all your photos into that newly created folder . it may take some time but eventually the new photo album will appear inside htc 's gallery app .
download and copy the gapps zip file to your sd card . reboot your phone into cwm recovery mode . to do this , turn phone off , and press volume up + home + power button together . your phone would then startup into recovery mode . select install zip . look for the gapps file via choose zip from /sdcard if it is in the internal sd card , or choose zip from /storage/sdcard1 if it is in the external sd card . after you flash it , reboot your phone ( it is in one of the options ) .
this might have something to do with a feature of mms called content adaptation . your operator 's mmsc ( multimedia messaging service center ) determines if the data sent is in a format supported by your handset , and if not , transcodes it into another format . this can cause some problems between different devices and operators . for example , my android receives single images from other android phones as 10 second videos where 1st half is the image and 2nd half is the message . at least here in finland , the behaviour i described is pretty standard and has happened since the days mms was made available and people are used to it ( as far as i know ) . do not know about at and t , but i would suspect there will not be any changes in the near future .
after some playing i figured it out . i went to the app manager - found contacts and contact storage ( cleared the cache from contacts and cleared all data from contact storage ) after recreating my profile an automatic sync took place and all my contacts came back with associated gmail contact photos
yes it works . i rooted sony er wt19i with locked bootloader and it installed superuser . you should try . many people asking can i do this or that and never did nothing . how can you know if you didnt try ?
there is no such command . you want to use ip link , with a space in between . you might want to look up ( under settings -> about phone -> status ) the original mac address of your phone . then issue the command without the interface name first : busybox ip link show , and look for the mac ; you will find the interface name of the wifi adapter , which may very well not be ' eth0' . mine for example is ' wlan0' . then you could try disabling wifi first , then changing the mac using the commands on the site you linked , then re-enabling it . it may or may not work - for me , the address change confused the android settings app and it failed to connect to any network i tried . do not worry though , everything these commands do are temporary and reverted by a reboot . you could try searching the /system directory for the configuration file of the wireless adapter and editing that . mine is at /system/etc/firmware/wlan/prima/ , but it is vendor specific and this is an xperia . be careful to make a backup of the original , because if you screw this file up , your wifi may not function ever again . this file ( or any other file in /system ) is not restored at reboot ! you are not going to like this part . you could ask your school to un-blacklist your mac instead , although they probably had a good reason to blacklist it in the first place . in this case , by changing your mac , you may very well start an " arms race " which will end up in them whitelisting only their machines and locking everyone else out for good . try not to abuse their system , and only use it with a spoofed mac when really necessary .
this is an issue with the newer maps ( 7 and above ) . you could try reverting to the version 6 , such as 6.14.4
you can not change the text size in google maps , because the whole map , including the labels , is retrieved from google 's servers as an image . ( in fact , they are lots of small images called tiles . for this reason , using a different app that embeds google maps will not help at all : they are all just displaying the same tiles . if you want a map that looks different , you will need to use an openstreetmap-based app . openstreetmap ( osm ) is like the wikipedia of maps : it is a free , open map of the world maintained and updated by volunteers . since the raw map data are available for anyone to use , there are some osm apps that generate the map image on your device , instead of downloading tiles from a central server . such apps have more options for customizing the map to suit your needs , so while i do not know off-hand of one with text size options , this starting point might help you to find one .
there are multiple automation tools which most likely can do this for you . some of them , especially in connection with your real concern , are listed in my answer to cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? . aside from that , and you might wish to check helpers like juicedefender , easy battery saver , and go battery saver and widget . amongs others , they do exactly what you asked for : toggling airplane mode or rather the data part of it , to enable apps to sync only in defined time frames .
2g consumes less power than wifi when it comes to standard usage ( surfing , small downloads etc ) . the problem with wifi : it constantly scans for hotspots even when you are connected to one and not using it . when it comes to big downloads etc , wifi is more efficient . reason : due to slow speed , 2g will continue to drain battery for 2 hours when wifi quits downloading within 5 minutes .
i think i already posted this in another answer -- but i do not remember where . as i think it where different details that time ( more a general " what consumes most" ) , here some details from a reference motorola droid . data taken from a german article named energiesparplan ( heise is a very famous technology publisher in germany ; google translate version here ) : guess this definitly answers the question . though the values may vary between devices , relations should roughly match .
the generic perception is that networking via wi-fi cause less drain on your device 's battery than connecting with 3g . during the data transfer , if you use both connections to perform the same download , you will find that wi-fi is more efficient since it transfers stuff faster than 3g , thus leading to less consumption of your battery . rare exceptions may prove otherwise , but 3g faster and with stronger signal than wi-fi is a grandpa 's fairytale ; ) one important thing to account for , is the network coverage : if you stay a large amount of time within a limit coverage area , either for 3g or wifi , disable the one who is suffering from low coverage . your device will constantly be searching for available network , and that is just energy wasted on fruitless searches . being this usually the cause for complain on the battery life .
use wi-fi . in most cases a wi-fi radio will offer greater bandwidth at a significantly lower battery cost . as a result , you should [ prefer ] wi-fi whenever possible . -- developer . android . com : modifying your download patterns based on the connectivity type via transferring data without draining the battery .
i would say use kies to update your old one ( or use odin/heimdall to install some firmware from here ) . afaik the galaxy s ( captivate ) does not have a custom rom flash counter ( that was introduced with the s2 to see if one had installed custom roms before , so you do not have to apply ' triangle away ' to reset it before sending back your old phone ) you basically have 2 options for your new one : root the standard firmware using cf-root by chainfire install an aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod ( ics already available , jb also ) to install cyanogenmod-9 ( an android-4.0/ice-cream-sandwich based custom rom ) , here are some infos : here 's their wiki faq for your phone and here 's the full update guide , here are downloads for the captivate
i did this for myself by navigating to settings > storage , tap on the misc category , select the ~4 gb linux image and use the trash icon to delete it , but this will probably vary depending on what device you use .
no matter what you try , you are basically stuck with the limitations of your phone . there are other procedures on android forums to force apps that usually can not be put on your sd card therefore freeing up more internal memory . i only have 200mb of internal memory , over 100 apps and still have 105mb of internal memory . i have room for more apps than i will ever need . again , you do not have to root your phone , as some you can not due to upgrades in the os like mine , but there are other workarounds . good luck !
you can also opt for an easier way as described in this answer , if all you are looking for , is to shift apps from your phone 's internal memory to sd card . a free app called link2sd will help in this case . it has a decent gui and makes it easier to move apps between sd card and internal memory - also fixes the market links so that updates from the market are automatically moved to sd card if the app was previously on sd card .
you would need a custom rom that supports moving apps to the ext3 partition . i would recommend searching the development section of xda-developers forums for your handset for such a rom . if a rom does not support apps2ext natively , you can try your luck with a script ( example for htc dream/magic here ) that can be installed on top of another rom . [ edit ] : just adding stuff from my comments to the answer . if you are on android version 2.2 and above , you can use the built-in " apps-to-sd " functionality to move apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then tap on any app and under the " storage " section tap the " move to sd " button . after a few seconds you will see the button 's name change to " move to phone " and size of the app decrease significantly . this method is not without drawbacks . first off , an app needs to be explicitly coded to support this functionality . second , widgets and apps that run as a service ( e-mail , virtual keyboards , weather notifications , etc . ) do not work when moved to sd , and must reside on the phone 's internal memory . furthermore , not the entire app moves to the sd card . a part of it stays on the phone , along with its cache and data/settings . if you have a phone with a small amount of internal app storage , using the built-in apps-to-sd will just prolong the inevitable " out of memory " errors . the apps2ext scripts resolve most of these shortcomings . it " fools " the phone into thinking that the ext2/3/4 partition is part of the phone 's internal memory . this means that widgets and services will work just fine with this method . also , since you can make your partition as large as you wish ( recommended not to exceed 2gb ) , the space issues disappear . the scripts also provide options for moving caches and data to the ext partition in order to free up even more internal memory . the drawback of the apps2ext method is that it is well , a hack . first off , your phone needs to be rooted . second , you will no longer be able to un-mount and remove the sd card from the phone , since all of the apps ( including system ones ) reside on the ext partition . third , you are putting a lot more strain on the sd card from increased writing , which may shorten its lifespan . finally , as with any hack it may make your phone less stable .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your phone has a menu hard key , like most samsung phones , the three-dots icon for an overflow menu will not appear . press the menu key instead , and settings is the bottom item on the menu .
well you can allways make an app that pulls the pictures from an rss feed or php webservice from the site and then shows them up
no . the blogger images showed up because they are hosted in picasa which is integrated into the android gallery . but as a workaround you could host your images on picasa and link to them from your blog .
if you have clock app available in your android jelly bean , open it and set alarm with silent ringtone and you chek the box to vibrate . in jelly bean 4.2.1 the silent ringtone is there . if you do not have , install es file explorer , record some silent ringtone and set it with es explorer .
lg 's site is terrible so it took me a while to find , but you can get the drivers for the thrill from here : http://www.lg.com/us/support-mobile/lg-p925
i can think of two simple ways . 1 . download in to you pc and android one of the many notes app with auto sync between the devices . just drop the link into a note and you will get it inmediately on your phone , from there its a click away to whatsapp . 2 . if you use chrome browser on both devices you can enable autosync of favs between them . so you add the site to your favs in one device and get it in the other .
if you use google chrome , you can sync up your tabs so that when you open the chrome on either your laptop , phone or tablet , you will be able to see any tabs you have open on all of your devices relatively easily .
you might want to check out airdroid , it supports posting directly to the devices clipboard .
another route , if you are on your computer and wanting to send something , is to see if there is an app/program on the computer you are using that would allow you to share the bit of information without involving your phone . i think there are a few apps/programs that allow you to communicate through what is app from your computer . of course i mean at that point you could just send an email or even gchat .
forget the pain of emailing stuff just to share some text . if you are running android version 4.0 and above , check keep from google . keep works on your phone , tablet and computer . everything you add syncs across all of your devices . visit https://keep.google.com/ to open keep on pc . add your notes/text/link/audio note/photo . immediately this would be synced across your devices . you can access the same stuff in your android app . works vice versa as well . get google keep android app from here . click here to watch google keep video tutorial .
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
there are multiple approaches to this . not all of them are available on all devices , so you might have to " skip " some . i will list them in the " order of their convenience " , i.e. easy and non-destructive things first : check settings→storage for some entry to delete/format the card connect your device to your computer via usb . if you are lucky , the card will be offered to it in ums mode . then use your computer 's tool to format the card ( take care to not use ntfs as file system , android can not handle it . to be on the safe side , cards usually ship with fat file systems ) remove the card from your device , and use a card-reader to attach it to your computer . format it using your computer 's tool , as described in the previous example . as many manufacturers decided to replace ums with mtp , if none of the above works for you a downgrade to an android version before 3 . x might bring back ums support . but that should be left as the very last ressort ; after all , a card reader comes cheap . depending on the device , there might even be possibilities to enable ums using a hack or a specific app ( provided the device is rooted ) , see e.g. enable usb mass storage mode in lg optimus 4x hd .
you can use sdisk . sdisk is a scriptable fdisk . or you can use fdisk . here is an example for a sdisk script :  sdisk /dev/sdcard/ &lt;&lt; EOF 0,400 EOF 
it depends on router to router , like i have a belkin router , in which i can set up mac address filtering . to set up this , open your router default page ( might be 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.2.1 ) . if it asks for password and username , first try leaving it blank , if this does not log you in , try putting admin in both user name and password , if this does not log you in , contact your isp ( internet service provider ) . then go in the firewall settings and then find mac address filtering . then add the mac address of the device you want to be allowed in the given fields . only the devices whose mac address has been entered , can connect with the router . you can manage all this via your mobile . if you post your router model number and company ( located at the bottom of the router ) , i can tell you if your router supports filtering or not .
if wifi is acceptable , you might wish to take a look at foldersync . aside from cloud services ( dropbox and co ) , it can also deal with samba ( windows shares ) , ftp , sftp ( ssh with unix/linux ) , and more . you can define " folder pairs " , i.e. which folder on your android device should be synchronized with what folder on the remote machine . sync can be done uni- and bi-directional . i am using that with all my android devices and my pc , to keep different stuff in sync . easy to do with e.g. photos or the music collection : add a file on one device , and it gets synced across . foldersync even supports tasker , which gives you plenty of possibilities to deal with : having the device synced as soon as you are at home , or only when connected to a power source , at specific times , whatever .
the device goes to sleep when the screen is off and no background services are doing anything ( such as checking for mail ) . when this happens , the wi-fi chip in the phone can go into a low-power state . this saves power while the device is asleep , but has some costs:- next time the device wakes up it'll take an extra fraction of a second to turn the wi-fi back on , making the tablet less response when you turn the screen on . if the device wakes up to perform a background task ( such as checking for mail ) , that'll take slightly longer too , and use more power . that is , the device uses less power while asleep , but waking it up costs slightly more : like the trade-off between keeping the engine in your car running , or stopping it and using more fuel/battery to restart it later . any apps with " push " features ( using google cloud messaging or similar ) will not work while the device is asleep . that is , you will not get google hangouts messages , or notifications from gmail , while the device is asleep . if those costs are fine for you , leave the setting off to allow the wi-fi chip to go to sleep when the rest of your phone does . otherwise , turn the setting on to keep the wi-fi on all the time .
highly doubtful . if the phone is using google play services , which every manufacturer must use and agree to a strict set of terms and conditions if they want their device to access the google play store , then chrome will be installed . it is one of google 's key apps , along with gmail , maps and so on .
you might want to take a look at e.g. apktool , which is written in java and will run on a mac -- the linked page even contains the installation instructions . you might also want to take a look at apkinspector ( written in python , it seems ) . not having a mac , i cannot say for sure whether it will run on it . mentioned for completeness : apk multi tool . will probably not run on a mac , as the page only advertizes a windows and a linux version -- but maybe the latter can be made working with minor effort , so you might want to contact its developer .
you might want to try apktool . this will run on your mac . and as @izzy mentioned , you can try apk multi tool to get the apk properties . one last thing you could try is viewing the contents of the apk . this can be done by renaming your apk file to . zip and extracting its contents . you will then see a file called androidmanifest . xml , this will show app version , package name , etc .
the best and quickest way to use it is to obtain the tool from the android sdk , called aapt and invoke it from the command line like this : aapt d --values badging some_apk_name.apk an example of the output is shown : this will extract certain but limited values and parse the encoded AndroidManifest.xml ( which is binary encoded upon compilation from java source to apk binary ) .
you can see the password if your device is rooted , it is located in plain text at : /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf  normally your device will not connect to any secured and previously unknown wi-fi without your request . the only possible explanation for me is one of the following : you gave it to a friend who added the wi-fi for you ; you had another wi-fi with the same name/pass-phrase combination set up already .
do you have another android device ( like a phone , maybe ) that you had previously connected to that same wi-fi point ? android 4 , ice cream sandwich , ( and possibly older versions too , though i do not have any to hand to check ) has an option to sync saved wi-fi passwords between different android devices on the same google account . here 's the option under settings -> backup and reset on my phone : there are also apps that allow you to sync wi-fi passwords between your laptop and your android devices , though i assume you had know if you had one of those installed .
at a guess , you are actually connecting automatically to another nearby unsecured network rather than the secure network .
you can use connectbot to tunnel your connection over ssh .
you can configure android to use a proxy server . but you must do it either from the adb client , or from the terminal in a rooted g1 . > adb shell # sqlite3 /data/data/com . google . android . providers . settings/databases/settings . db sqlite> insert into system values ( 99 , ’http_proxy ' , ' proxy:port' ) ; sqlite> . exit read about @ http://discuz-android.blogspot.com/2008/01/set-proxy-for-android-web-browser.html
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
if the buttons do not work , you could always try using adb from a computer . root is not required but usb debugging must be enabled . then just run : adb shell screencap -p /sdcard/screen.png adb pull /sdcard/screen.png adb shell rm /sdcard/screen.png  these commands will produce a screenshot and save it in the sdcard directory ( on some devices , including the nexus line , have an emulated sdcard partition in the internal storage ; so do not worry about this ) , pull to your computer , and then deletes it from your phone . unfortunately , one would think that this would be easier on stock android . but that is why so many aftermarket versions or apps exist : to provide the missing functionality that people can cherrypick from and customize as they please . below is an example of a simpler and nicer interface from which to take screenshots , which was added to stock 4.4.3 android using gravitybox [ kk ] ( root and xposed required ) .
my incredible does this as well . i have been told that this also is sometimes used by applications to indicate that an app has downloaded updated data . for instance , if the htc mail application has downloaded new emails . but i have not taken the time to see if this is accurate or not .
you phone should light up when you activate it . when an internal process either stops or wakes up you phone ( like you said to start data transfer ) or on other actions the lights can light up . when a process crashes my phone lights up the control keys too , usually with a buzz .
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
i am not sure on wildfire , but i am using htc hero . you could have a try to press the key ( like home , return or anything ) or press the optical mouse , then it back to the phone call screen , then you can press num key after pressing the lower left hand corner bn from the ui .
in your phone dialer enter the following sequence : *#*#7594#*#*  will show you shutdown app configuration - you can choose to have the device power off directly instead of showing the menu for airplane mode / power off etc . when you long-press the power button . there is also an option for keeping the lcd on during the duration of a call .
have you tried a longer screen timeout ? Settings | Display | Screen timeout
what you are looking for is screebl - a background service that monitors the phone 's orientation , and based on that orientation decides when to allow the phone 's power-saving features to operate . there is a pro version too that allows for integration with locale amidst other extra features . also check out shake awake from maplekey ( in the market ) - it allows you to wake the phone during a call with a shake . i also think that pressing the home key should turn the screen on again . try and let us know .
i am not sure about the wildfire , but on my desire hd when i take the phone from my face , the motion sensor detects it and re-awakens the screen automatically . i am not sure if it is a setting , a froyo feature , or maybe an htc sense feature .
in the developer settings , there is a " revoke usb debugging authorizations " . try to use it . it should remove the authorization you give for your computer . so next time , that computer will not be able to directly use the debugging .
there is busybox installer program in market . also good rooting programs may install busybox themselves . you can install it manually into /system/xdev/ ( with necessary symbolic links ) here is one i have :
have you tried manually choosing a network in Network &amp; Wireless , or manually setting the apns for your new carrier ? also , is the phone unlocked ? if it locked to another carrier , you will not be able to use it on your current carrier until it is unlocked .
a locked phone should stop you and prompt you for the network unlock key . since you do not get that prompt , either one of two things is happening : phone is permanently locked ( incorrect network unlock key entered too many times ) phone is unlocked do you have a third provider you can test , or borrow a sim card for ? the phone does not say " sim not recognized"/"please insert a sim card " so my guess is frequencies . what gsm frequencies are used for the new provider ? i had a phone ( euro-version openmoko freerunner ) that did not do one of the frequencies used for gsm in the us - it would work on 1900mhz but not 850mhz - which meant that i would not have signal when many other at and t users would .
i think i am answering little late , but i feel my pointers might solve the issue . but still not sure . please check in what mode you are ? i mean are you in WCDMA only , GSM only or GSM / WCDMA preferred mode ? the best for both 3g and 2g could be GSM / WCDMA preferred mode which can switch the signal based on the 2g or 3g network . so try to change to other modes also ( GSM only ( for 2g only signals ) or WCDMA only ( for 3g only signals ) ) . if still no help then follow the next step . backup all your data to sdcard or pc and try Factory data reset . do not do the Settings reset . because it will do a reset of other things ( like display , volume , etc ) . Factory data reset option do a reset of all the things in your phone . so make sure that all the data in your phone ( contacts , call log , sms , mms , market applications , etc ) backed up properly . if still no help take the phone to a nearest sony ericsson customer care center .
some samsung galaxy s2 units that have outdated firmwares may have yellow tints on the lcd . this is not a sign for alarm ; just upgrade the firmware and everything will be fine . in case the yellow tint is still there after a firmware upgrade , consult with samsung service center to have it checked or replaced . ( yellow tint : samsung galaxy s2 - screen problems ) pink camera spots were an issue too , but seems to have been fixed by firmware upgrades . again , check with samsung if it cannot be fixed by firmware upgrade . i guess the only thing you need to check is if the basics works - camera , radio , 3g , wifi , sms , bluetooth , etc . ( camera spot : samsung galaxy s2 camera pink spot problem )
the other answers cover some device specific things to check for , or fixable software issues . i would take a different approach - check the hardware basics ( screen , audio , buttons ) and equally important - get on the phone with your carrier before buying to make sure the device can be activated - not blacklisted as lost/stolen , for instance .
do not forget to check for water damage . every phone that is sold by a reputable retailer ( t-mobile , cingular , verizon , sprint , etc . ) should contain a tiny indicator that clearly shows if water has attacked your phone . this little item is typically called the liquid damage indicator , or ldi for short . in almost every case , a red or pink indicator means that there is water damage . a white indicator means that there is no water damage . here is the detail .
you also might want to check with voodoo carrieriq detector if this device is clean . besides , i also bought a used one and when you manage to reset it you should be fine . type *2767*3855# for this if the password is no longer available . if your password for resetting is still available ( e . g . if the previous owner knows it ) there is no need for this combination obviously .
the usb port is not powered on the kindle fire , and thus cannot host usb devices . so , a wired external keyboard connected directly to your kindle is pretty much out of the question . what if you were to power the keyboard some other way ? well . . . that seemed to be the question this one gentleman asked himself . he decided that connecting a powered usb 2.0 hub to the kindle , and then connecting the devices to the hub would be the way to go . he found he needed a usb otg cable to start the process . he hooked up the hub , plugged in the mouse , and saw a mouse cursor . he connected a keyboard , and could type . so . . that is my advice . get yourself a powered usb hub . of course , unless you then got creative with supplying power to the hub via a battery pack , you are limited to using the keyboard to wherever you can plug the hub in . . . but that is still a step in the right direction .
what about a wireless mouse and keyboard ? they have built in power supplies . . . sneaks off to accomplish awesomeness
the android emulator can be run on your pc and is good for testing . you could use tools to sniff the data being sent on your network and see if it is encrypted , and check files written to the " device " storage . but you can not " control " the app per se .
google has documented details of the android backup service and of the data backup framework on its android developers website . the descriptions are targeted to developers writing applications but are still helpful : android 's backup service allows you to copy your persistent application data to remote " cloud " storage , in order to provide a restore point for the application data and settings . if a user performs a factory reset or converts to a new android-powered device , the system automatically restores your backup data when the application is re-installed . this way , your users do not need to reproduce their previous data or application settings . this process is completely transparent to the user and does not affect the functionality or user experience in your application . they also specifically address user privacy : google securely transmits backup data to and from google servers in order to provide backup and restore features . google treats this data as personal information in accordance with google 's privacy policy . in addition , users can disable data backup functionality through the android system 's privacy settings . when a user disables backup , android backup service deletes all saved backup data . a user can re-enable backup on the device , but android backup service will not restore any previously deleted data . tl/dr : if the notes app is configured to use the android backup service and has defined your notes as data to include in the backup , then yes , your data is being stored on a google server . toggling Backup my data will delete currently saved personal information from google 's servers that is associated with your google account . this will affect all of your current apps ' backed up data .
generally , it is entirely up to each individual app what data to back up , if any . google 's android backup service provides an interface for apps to tell it what data to back up . that might include files from the data directory , settings , files from the sd card , databases , or even media files that are already visible through the gallery or music apps . if the app is badly written , it may also include transient state or cached data . as a user , the only way you can tell is by asking the developer of an app . google encourages developers to add backup support to their apps , and many users request that feature .
from androidpolice : google will , of course , give you control over your cloud data . the language used here is particularly interesting : they call this data " app data stored with your google account , " which means it is the same " app data " we all know and love from the " clear app data " button . that means all your 3rd-party app data in the cloud , seamlessly synced across devices . however , it is not clear yet how much data is being sent , or if there is a max limit that can be stored on the cloud .
there might be some apps slowing the starup . autostarts is an app which helps you see what apps run on boot . unless you have root you will not be able to make any changes though . it'll just be read only . see this : autostarts update : startup cleaner 2.0 is for unrooted phones . you can now stop an app from loading at startup .
have you wiped your caches recently , done an update or updated a lot of apps ? it is possible that your phone needed to rebuild the dalvik cache , which would add time to your boot as a one time only thing . you might have seen a screen saying " updating android " on your note ii when that was happening . if you reboot your phone and the startup time is back to normal , this was most likely the cause .
you could uninstall kies and the drivers completely , and then install the uk version of kies from here . ( make sure to select the uk as your location during install ) . this should allow you to perform the update , although it might not give you the language you want . this worked for me to get froyo on my vibrant before it was released in the us . alternatively you could try another european country that has had an official update released . you could also try flashing the latest european firmware via odin . xda has a guide on this ( see the upgrading section ) . this is risky if you do not follow the instructions closely and will void your warranty just like rooting , but i have used odin dozens of times on my vibrant with no issues .
you can do video chat through google talk on honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) , which is only available on the motorola xoom at this point in time . no word on when this feature will trickle down into newer versions of android ( 2.4+ ) or if this will become a standalone/updatable market app like gmail , youtube , etc .
google talk video/voice support will be rolled out shortly on all android 2.3 gingerbread devices or on the nexus s now ( but as an os update , not an app update , so you would find it in settings , not in market )
use fring . it can connect to gtalk and enable you to talk to your gtalk buddies . but it mutes in samsung galaxy 3 .
vtok - google videochat ( beta ) may suit your needs :
fring or nimbuzz apps from the market place both allow you to do voice calls using gtalk .
you can try using ical import/export . it looks like it should be able to export your calendar data . it will allow you to export your calendar ( s ) to ical files . i have not actually tried the application , so i am not sure if it uses the local calendar database on the device , or it it attempts to connect directly to google calendar .
i read that missing system apps can cause this problem . i unfroze the following stock apps : ap mobile ebook music hub my files pulse social hub
updating via kies eventually worked . the trick to getting kies to connect to the device is to turn off usb debugging on the device .
my galaxy s vibrant has 16 gb internal sd storage , and Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage reports 12.78 gb . i would assume the ~3 gb difference is due to the reported size being actually in gib , not gb , and partitioning ( the internal data partition is 1.84 gib as reported by titanium backup ) and formatting . the numbers work out , anyways . given that 8 - 5.01 is also ~3 , i would say that you have an 8 gb model on your hands . checking with titanium ( requires root ) or something else might be a good idea .
as to registering a new google account ( gmail account ) , you can do it on this page : https://accounts.google.com/signup as to how to add the gmail account to your phone , you can do it from the accounts and sync menu :
you can manually add a gmail mailbox using imap in the separate email app . as to adding a google account to sync your contacts and calendar , unfortunately a great many of android devices obtained from china have this " issue " . the best course of action is to flash a firmware meant for the same device , but from a different region . these links might help - superdroidrom for chacha // htc chacha forum on xda
the most effective way to block this , is by rooting your device , and remove or freeze the offending app . try titaniumbackup , appquarantine and afwall+ . but the simplest way , may be to try to install a hosts file that blocks all bad ip addresses , such as the one provided by moaab . you can try that without root , but i doubt it will work on your 4.4.2 .
hook up an external keyboard with a micro usb otg adapter . monoprice has one here http://www.monoprice.com/product?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=9724seq=1format=2
the following performs a factory-reset : power off your android phone/tablet press and hold volume up or volume down button press power button along with holding volume button , press and hold it for 5 seconds , after 5 second release power button ( but not volume button ) . after few you will see the root menu , now release the volume button also move the cursor down to " wipe data " using the volume down button , to select it use the power button now your android phone/tablet will restart in 3 seconds ; after the restart you will be able to use it again .
i am not sure if this is the answer you seek , but if you want a calendar app that does not sync unless you set it up to do so , check out colornote . i use the note stuff for jotting down stuff on the run . if you tap the upper-left corner it shows a menu from which you can select calendar . i do not use calendar extensively so can not comment much on it .
to answer my original question , i have found acalendar , which has very limited sandbox requirements . it just asks for your personal information , which it needs to write to the shared calendar store - impressive ! as i have said elsewhere , this leaves calendar items prone to accidental synchronisation with google , but for most people this is acceptable . happily , the ui of this calendar is excellent , with only a couple of niggles ( in particular , the small screen of the europa makes it very difficult , occasionally impossible , to touch on calendar items in the 7-day view ) . issues aside , i am likely to settle on this app , unless a better one comes along !
although my original question was to source a calendar that did not have wide security permissions , the purpose was to avoid having to sync with remote cloud services . i have found a windows product that will do this locally , and the site makes it look pretty polished . this approach ( afaik ) makes use of the built-in calendar , so one just has to trust that it does not sync elsewhere regardless of which sync provider you select . ( side note : i am nothing to do with this product/company . i have not tried it , as i am on os x ) .
there is quite a bit that goes into placing a call to a mobile phone . here 's an excerpt from the wikipedia article on gsm services , slightly edited for clarity , which does a good job explaining some of what happens when a call is placed to a gsm cellular phone . when someone places a call to a mobile phone they dial the telephone number associated with the phone user and the call is routed to the mobile phone operator 's gateway mobile switching centre ( msc ) . the first job of the gateway msc is to determine the current location of the mobile phone in order to connect the call . it does this by consulting the home location register ( hlr ) . when the hlr receives this query message , it determines whether the call should be routed to another number ( called a divert ) , or if it is to be routed directly to the mobile . if the home location register knows that the phone is roaming in a particular visited location register area , then it will request a temporary number ( called an msrn ) from that vlr . this number is relayed back to the gateway msc , and then used to route the call to the msc where the called phone is roaming . when the call arrives at the visiting msc , the msrn is used to determine which of the phones in this area is being called . the msc pages all the mobile phone masts in the area in order to inform the destination handset that there is an incoming call for it . if the subscriber answers , a speech path is created through the visiting msc and gateway msc back to the network of the person making the call , and a normal telephone call follows . all of this and more ( depending on the origin of the call , the carriers involved , and how smoothly things are running on that particular day ) happens in fractions of seconds . when taken altogether , though , it can create a noticeable delay . that is why it takes so long for your wife 's phone to start ringing and that is also why there is not much you can do about it . it is all pretty cool if you think about it .
a copy is locally stored , so these contacts are also available when there is no current data connection .
google play books comes pre-installed on nexus 5 , at least here in the netherlends . if you do not have it nor can install it via play store i would guess that it is a country/operator restriction .
this is most likely some app utilizing google services . you do not show the details screen to be reached when tapping the graph on top of your first screenshot . please check there , and cross-check with how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- the " keep awake " of your second screenshot suggest wakelocks as the " source of evil " . the part what if it is the android system itself ? should help you track the issue down further . another possible -- no , very likely candidate is found in another question i just stumbled upon : google services is killing my battery by keeping phone awake . sound familiar ? ; )
i am using firefox aurora for android ; i can simply type view-source: in front of the address in the address bar , and a new page loads with the html code , etc . . . displayed in a formatted viewer . i am not sure if the other browsers have the same functionality , or what the corresponding command for those would be . you can find firefox aurora for android at their website . there is also a convenient add-on that creates a menu shortcut for this function .
go over to your messaging app , press the options button/menu button ( depends on the device ) . a short list will pop-up including options like search , drat messages , delete , etc . one of these options should say ' configuration messages ' or something similar . this is where the cp messages you receive are stored . i am not sure as to what purpose they serve ( they seem to vary from lists of mms to browser settings ) , but that is where all of them are .
oh it is pretty simple dude . open messages then tap options button and then select first option from top in the list which is " configuration messages " . in this way you will be able to see all configuration messages .
i see 3 solutions for you : you can use quickshortcutmaker ( or any similar ) application to add launcher to any installed application ( or android activity ) . not sure if it helps , but you can check your launcher 's settings . there should be item " hidden applications " ( or similar ) . install and use another launcher .
you might want to take a look at this website : tun . ko repository they got a long database of tun . ko for android phones . if you can see your phone model , kernel and build number on the list , just download their app which lets you load the module from their database to your phone . after that you can then use a vpn for your android .
cyanogenmod 6 is froyo , and ships with openvpn support for armv6 phones , such as my htc magic . if nothing else you can unpack the update . zip they supply , find the tun . ko driver , and push it to your phone via adb .
absolutely , and it is very easy . this is the procedure for my samsung galaxy s ; other phones may be different : plug in the usb cable and a usb icon appears in the notification area at the top of the screen . pull down the notification and tap " usb connected " . tap " mount " on the dialog box that is displayed . two removable drives show up on my pc ; one for the built-in flash memory , and one for the expansion sd card .
on my htc desire you choose " disk drive " mode although you only see the sdcard not the internal memory .
one more thing to note , you cannot save directly to the phone . that is the main reason i still use a flash drive . i tried to make the switch but i did not like the fact that i had to save to my computer and then transfer the files to my phone .
yes . on the home screen , hit the option button , then go to preferences > appearance settings > hide icon labels and check the box .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
i realize this is an old question , but still today i face the same issue . the reason behind this ( afaik ) is that apps , when updated , can be " batch updated " if no changes were made to the app privacy policy or the app permissions for the device ( other scenarios may apply ) . e.g. , just this week i did a " batch update " , but had to manually update two apps , one needed my consent for additional privileges , and the other one had changed something that i did not bothered to read . message from the first app that was outside of the update batch : this app 's permissions have changed to have access to the following : . . . due to this changes , this app was excluded from the batch update .
this is a bug . clearing the cache of the play store app will fix this and make the updates show . otherwise it will fix itself in a few minutes time .
it could be a problem with a launcher such as nova or apex or it could be a problem with a 3rd party application . try starting in safe mode and see if it is that : )
sounds like it might be the " sudden death syndrome " problem . if so , samsung should fix/replace your phone for you ( even if you have rooted it ) : http://androidcommunity.com/samsung-galaxy-s-iii-suffering-from-sudden-death-syndrome-20121221/
no , not easily . one of the side-effects of using google services , is that all the google services link together in the back-ground . this can be incredibly useful in some cases ( if i google for a bar 's address on my desktop pc , my phone will later offer me directions and estimated travel time to that bar on a google now card ) . some can be spooky . having said that there are ways around this , the easiest is that just because you have an android phone , does not mean you are limited to using google 's services , one of the strengths of android is all the choices you have : you could get your apps from amazon 's app store , instead of the play store you could sync your mail , contacts and calendar with an imap server , instead of gmail , or you could install yahoo 's apps or microsoft 's apps and use those instead . or alternatively you could create a second google account , add it to your phone and use that account for the apps/services that you had rather keep separate from the apps/services that you use " as you " . have a look through the google-account tag for some hints on how to set up another account and swap apps from using one account to another .
you might also want to look at other free replacements to google apps . the android fork replicant has a list of them , e.g. : playstore : f-droid gmail : k-9 mail google maps : osmand many more listed there .
taking a look at our app2sd tag-wiki , there is a solution to that – but it requires your device to be rooted . simple2ext ( s2e ) offers to move apps , their data , and some cache to the sdcard . alternatively , as cache resides on its own /cache partition , you could also use directorybind to move that to sdcard entirely . again , this requires root .
you should clean cache regularly , a lot of cache can make your device slow , you can use auto cache cleaner free to clean all the cache quickly , you can also schedule an automatic clean up too ! android maintain caches and removes un-needed caches however , i have read in google developers docs that the app should maintain the cache itself and the developer must not rely on android to maintain the cache but some apps does not maintain cache as needed , and so you need to clean them , usually cache should not be more than ~25mb per app , and should not be more than ~75mb in all the device ( however , it depends on the number of apps . . )
i had the same problem with my wife 's phone ( lg g2x p999 ) . unfortunately you are going to have to master reset . . . . if it does not work from the settings , then reset manually ( hold power button and volume down till you see the android guy then let go ) after that your phone will be reset and the downloading issue will stop . read through these steps prior to resetting to ensure you do not lose anything you do not wanna . . . . hope this helped you http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-2521 should be the 5th link down where it says preparing for master reset
almost certainly not . unless samsung has provided a way for you to do this &mdash ; highly unlikely due to warranty and user experience issues &mdash ; you will need root and probably a custom kernel that supports overclocking .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
this is a common issue on this particular device . my friend had the same thing happen and was going to give the tablet to me but after doing some research i found that its more than just a software issue . i would recommend counting your losses and buying a new tablet . = (
well , if you would have read the instructions for the installation of eclipse ics , you would have seen that you are not to install the rom on top of gingerbread . that being said , have no fear . batman is here to save you . check out the trusty internets and get you a copy of this file . droidrazrutility1.6 . zip you will need to run this utility to restore back to factory ginger bread ( option 1 i believe ) . there are guides for this online . i can not find the source right now . basically you put the phone into ap fastboot mode while matt 's utility flashes it back to factory . then if you so desire , you can take the ota ics update . only then can you install safestrap and eclipse ics . hope this helps .
this question is impossible to answer without knowing the configuration your university uses . you should ask for the details of the mail server from the university 's helpdesk . you will need to know at least the server address , username and password for your mail account , and possibly even more details such as custom port numbers , access restrictions , protocols to use , encryption etc . i am certain that the helpdesk can assist you in getting the email settings correctly into your phone .
the most likely explanation is that the compressed file is corrupt . are you trying to uncompress a rar file , or a standard zip file ? rar extraction is only supported with certain processors . the easiest way to tell , is to try and extract the same zip file on a computer , and see what it says .
i suggest you try this app greenify , if you got rooted phone that is . anyway for general purpose you should check battery usage to find the culprit . and have them removed perhaps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenifyfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5vyxnpc2zlbmcuz3jlzw5pznkixq . .
it is tricky to know which ones drain battery life fast . before installing you can check comments to see if there are many complaining of that . after installing , either if you know your phone well enough and see a clear decrease in battery life then it could be the new software if nothing else change , or you can try and check the battery usage statistics .
if this is an ongoing issue , it is worth watching your logs to figure out what might be happening . i have got a g1 and every few months it chokes on something and i have to reboot it ( which i do by holding down the power button until the phone powers off , or , when that fails , taking the battery out , counting to ten and replacing it . )
i am guessing the dialer froze . try holding the home button , going into task manager , and killing the dialier process . as matt mentions in the comments , you can do the same thing from the home screen by pressing menu then going to settings > applications > manage application then choose the " phone " or " dialer " app and click " stop "
the idect ihomephone has android . i do not know whether or not it comes with google play however .
motorola also has a device similar to the archos simon mentions , though they do not seem to be available for sale yet , despite clearing fcc approval back in april . binatone also offers such devices , though it appears to only be available in europe there is also android-based voip units , like the panasonic kx-ut670 , though i imagine that is not what you are looking for .
apparently yes . the archos smart home phone is an android phone priced at £130 in the uk : http://www.androidcentral.com/archos-smart-home-phone-now-available-get-android-your-landline although the reviews on amazon uk arent very good : http://www.amazon.co.uk/archos-501809-smart-home-phone/dp/b005h0m8lw binatone ihome phone idect with dect and android technology http://www.amazon.co.uk/binatone-ihome-phone-android-technology/dp/b004ebv1gi currently unavailable ( maybe its that good )
well , astro is not designed to do so . should you need to create / edit docs , you had better go for other apps , i.e. quick office pro , docs2go , etc .
after looking through the help file and through astro quite a bit , alas , i believe the answer is no . while it does allow for editing , the only option for creation is directory ( folder ) creation , as you pointed out . that being said , i think this would be an excellent feature , and might be worth suggesting to the developers . i know you said you did not want other apps , but to show one directly with the feature . . . this is x-plore file manager
you can copy an existing ( save a blank master somewhere easy to remember ) and edit that . a little cumbersome , but effective .
it is up to the app . android provides mechanisms for app authors to specify different ui layouts for the different screen sizes ( roughly speaking : phones , 7in tablets , 10in tablets ) . this means that the app might rearrange its buttons or use larger sizes to fill a 7in screen , or it might do something more radical like switch to a two-pane layout ( such as gmail ) . iirc , most apps with a two-pane layout use it only in landscape mode on 7in screens , whereas they use it in either orientation on 10in screens and always use a one-pane layout on phones . unlike on pc , it is usual for android apps to be laid out using a resolution-independent unit ( which android calls display-independent pixels , or dp ) instead of specifying sizes in pixels , so that regardless of display resolution , buttons are always large enough to click on . there are a few exceptions ( app authors can still choose to work in pixels ) but those are in the minority : mostly games , since that is how pc game authors are used to working . even if the app is not specially designed to work with tablets , it'll still work . it just might look silly , with lots of empty space or oversized buttons , if the author did not consider or test that form factor . google play encourages developers to include screenshots on 7in and 10in tablets , so that is the first thing to look for . if you browse using the google play app on your device , it'll show you the screenshots for that device 's size first ( i.e. . it'll show the 7in screenshots if you are using a 7in tablet ) . many developers also explicitly mention tablet support in the app description , such as the first app you linked to ( notational acceleration ) .
try to install some apps . directly on device using google play , then you will find your device after sometime , happened to me many a times .
try following ( worked in my case ) remove google account from settings clear data of play-store and google services framework restart phone now access play store again .
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
if you just want a fresh start with your phone , you do not need to reinstall the os at all , because os files and user apps and data are stored separately . in normal use , the os partition is read-only . all you need to do is a factory reset . this wipes all user data and apps , but does not usually touch the sd card . the process to follow is slightly different for different phones , but there is usually two ways : either reboot into recovery mode , which has a " factory reset " menu item , or from settings → backup and reset .
i would go the factory images route . flash the factory images using fastboot . this will restore the proper file system structure and permissions , which appear to be the issue here . then you can install whichever rom you wish .
it seems that either your recovery is broken , or the ota update did not download correctly and the data is unable to be recovered . i would recommend starting anew , perhaps by installing a cyanogenmod rom so that way you are running the latest android ( 4.4.2 ) . head over to xda and find the instructions for the type of gnex you have ( gsm , sprint , verizon ) .
are you using the galaxy nexus ? on your home screen you will see the " google search " bar . on the right , inside this bar , you will see a microphone symbol . tap it . i believe you are stuck going back to this screen .
tethering on three 's ( or most other uk telco providers ) unlimited plans is against their terms and conditions . you will have to switch to a plan that allows tethering or use an add-on . see their tethering info page for more information . also see their terms and conditions however some phones will still allow you to tether , i am surprised it does not work on the gs2 . did you buy it from three ? so the tether function still works , but when you do tether a laptop , they send you a message ? generally they detect mobile usage that comes from pcs and laptops and then they ban you . but tethering to other mobile devices seem to work , and also if you keep your data usage low , they may not bother . another possible work-around is to try and spoof the user agent and trick three into thinking that the data is being sent by a mobile device . however , this is not fool-proof and they may still be able to detect , for example downloading a windows update . just to be clear , i would still recommend you buy an addon or join a different plan which allows tethering . if you think the terms and conditions are unfair , file a complaint or switch telcos . update : information on three 's the one plan sim plans with all-you-can-eat data do not allow tethering ( except for the one plan ) . if you would like to tether , you will need to choose a pay monthly plan and / or an add-on that does allow tethering . so it is possible to get the one plan , for unlimited data and tethering . and from tethering explained if your smartphone plan includes all you can eat data , then this is for data consumption actually on your smartphone . it does not include using your smartphone as a modem to connect other devices such as laptops and tablets – also known as “tethering” . tethering is included in ( i ) the one plan ; ( ii ) the one plan sim only ; or ( iii ) by purchasing an ultimate internet plan with the tethering add on . the add-on can be purchased via my3 on your handset and is also available to customers on our talk and text plans . see their pay monthly plans
just reset your phone . if the issue persists , call them .
i have solved the problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tetherunlocker be careful to have only one apn for mobile traffic and remove the apn for tethering traffic .
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
the method above works , or did for me -- disable google , but i found out later that while it still lets google work as a search engine ( or does for me ) , it killed maps which means you can not use navigation . if you want to re-enable google , follow the same steps : setting , apps , all , then scroll to the bottom and you will find the disabled google . re-enable and maps works but you are back to the horrible google voice dialer . it is either/or ( good voice dial or maps/nav ) until google fixes the operating system .
i agree the google voice dialer is horrible ! i was able to restore the android voice commands on my droid razr maxx by doing the following : go to manage apps , then swipe over to all apps . look for google search then disable it . this is probably all you need to do , but i went about it probably the wrong way by also doing the following . in manage apps , click on your menu button and reset app preferences . ihe google search , click the " clear data " button . the next time i pressed my bluetooth call button , it asked if i want to complete it with my motospeak or voice commands , either always or just once . i selected always it works again !
i have a motorola droid , was getting great voice dialing using my bt voyager pro via the " voice commands " app ( same as mic icon ) but after the android 4.2 update , google voice was activated and was a disaster . to fix this i went to Settings &gt; Apps&gt; Google search and deactivated it . this fixed my voice dialing problem ( went back to " voice commands" ) but the search ( magnifying glass icon ) on my phone went dead . i then went to the android store and downloaded/installed the new " google search " app . when i used voice dialing for the first time , it gave me the option of either using voice commands ( mic icon ) or google voice ( i think a read icon ) . i chose the first one and now it works as before . the search button is also working as intended . the above may sound trivial , but when one is driving and wants to make a call , having to hold your phone to type the number after 5 failed attempts to voice dial is the last thing you want to do .
if you do not install the google apps package the first time , you will not have access to anything that relies on google 's services framework . this means things like : google play google talk google maps the gmail application . . . etc , will not function on your device because they will lack the libraries needed to run . you do not need to re-install the google apps package every time you update cyanogenmod . it will essentially back up your current ones and then re-install them during the flashing process . simply flash the updated rom however you normally would .
there is only 2 times you will want/need to install gapps : on the initial install of cyanogenmod rom ( or pretty much any custom rom that does not have gapps integrated ) . since cm nightlies are the rom only you only need to install it once , every subsequent install of a nightly only overwrites the rom contents and does not touch gapps . when you know there is an updated gapps package . the gapps package itself is updated from time to time and you will usually want the most recent version installed . to be clear , all official cyanogenmod roms are the rom only with all google apps stripped out ( hence having to install gapps seperately ) . this was due to a cease and desist order from google to cyanogen back in 2009 to remove google apps from its roms . . . cm roms have been sans gapps since .
cat /proc/filesystems is the typical linux/unix way of determining this . it works fine on cyanogenmod , but i am not sure about other roms . if you want to filter out all of the other supported filesystems you could grep the output , too ( assuming you have got grep , of course ) : # cat /proc/filesystems | grep 'ext*' ext2 ext3 ext4 # 
the system uses internal/device memory for a lot of things like . . . app data ( /data/data/* ) dalvik cache ( /data/dalvik-cache ) crash- and other system logs ( /data/anr , /data/dontpanic , /data/kernelpanics , /data/logger , /data/panicreports , /data/tombstones ) misc . caches and temporary locations of google services ( /data/backup , /data/local ) misc . system files ( /data/system ) installed apps not on sd ( /data/app ) and more . you can free some space by moving apps to sdcard ( if the apps support this ) . on a rooted device , you might be able to move even more ( e . g . dalvik cache , app data ) . but you will not be able to move all . you will not be able to " increase device 's memory storage " -- all you can do is to increase free storage , not the absolute number . as we had this topic quite often , please see related questions for possible actions , e.g. : phone memory full and it should not be my internal storage capacity is running low , what can i do ? how can i see which applications eat up disk space ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? other questions from the " related " section on this page
may not be relevant now . . . but i needed it now and solved . . . the link below solved my issue . no rooting or any hacking required . as it only clears the dump ( log files etc . ) , very less risky . ref : stackexchange-url here 's a very simple solution that works on my samsung galaxy s ii and note 1 ; i have no idea about other models : open the phone app and switch to keypad . dial *#9900# on the screen that appears , click on the button labelled " delete dumpstate/logcat " . i have restored about one gb of system space this way .
android never removes applications from its memory , unless it has no memory left , then it initiates a low memory warning to unused applications and kills them when needed . . . android webviews ( the default android implementation of web browser ) consume lots of memory , and so is firefox 's implementation of their web browser . actually , gecko ( firefox 's rendering engine ) is much slower and a bigger memory consumer than android 's default webkit rendering engine . so when you exit firefox on your android , the memory is probably nearly full , the system kills it , but firefox has a mechanism that saves the urls of the previously opened tabs , and though it starts the application again ( and not resuming it ) it loads everything you left open again . . . and no , 512mb are no enough , android 2.3 takes approx 300mb to run .
that is easily possible using tasker ( i do the same for selected reading apps to increase the timeout to 2min , while also having the 30s default for all other apps ) : condition : app ( select the apps you want to keep the screen active for ) task : display timeout ( configure the timeout interval using the sliders ) alternatively , in " task " you could also let tasker switching the keyguard off to disable the lock screen . at least concerning the display timeout adjustment , this might be possible with other automation apps as well , such as llama -- i am not sure , as i use tasker i do not use the others . though tasker might look a bit pricy ( ~5 eur ) and complicated , after you figured out how to use it you will find it worth every cent . until then , there is a free trial available on their homepage .
in fact , i never had an android device where this was that easy to achive ! our friends at xda-developers offer a guide and the necessary tools in this thread . having a " microsoft free zone " and " only " running linux machines ( yeah , even the android ones run a linux kernel ) , i was able to follow up those steps with a little adaption here and there -- and so i will sum up the results for windows and linux users as well : preparation first you need to download the required tools , all of them available at the linked xda-developers thread : o4xr . zip is the rooting toolkit is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk to prepare your device windows users only : lgunitedmobiledriver_ver_3.7.2_lg-p880_lgo4xhd . zip -- the windows drivers for the device having everything downloaded , some additional steps are necessary at your computer : windows users only : unzip and install the drivers linux users : make sure adb is able to detect the device ( check with adb devices ) . if it is not , see at the end of this answer for some hints . everybody : copy IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk to your optimus ( e . g . after connecting it via usb in mtp mode , copy the file to the internal sdcard ) everybody : create a new directory , unzip o4xr.zip there , and change into this directory . the rooting process on your optimus , go to settings&rarr ; security and make sure " unknown sources " is ticked ( i.e. . contains a checkmark ) go to settings&rarr ; developer options and enable " usb debugging " now install IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk ( e . g . use a file explorer to find and " launch " it ) open the " systembackuptest " app you just installed . nothing spectacular will happen , so do not be disappointed here . hold the power button and choose " power off and restart " . when you can see the lock screen , you may notice that the phone is running very slowly , this is normal . once the device is fully started up again , connect it to your computer with an usb cable . make sure the phone is in " charging only " mode . on your pc , open a terminal ( linux ) resp . command ( cmd.exe, Windows window and change into the directory you've extractedo4xr . zip` into . ( on windows , you may need admin privileges : right click , run as administrator . on linux it did fine for me without superuser/root permissions ) now run the rooting script : windows users : type root followed by the enter key linux users : type ./root-linux.sh , also followed by the enter key any mac users ? type ./root-mac.sh , also followed by the enter key . do not worry , it will not root your mac/linux machine ( windows users : it is unlikely to root your box , either : ) do not disconnect your phone while the script runs ! wait while it does its job . during that process , the phone will reboot automatically a couple of times . the script will inform you about this in your command/terminal window . once the command/shell prompt returns , the misdeed is accomplished : ) now uninstall SystemBackupTest from your optimus . do not launch it again at this state , or you might have to start over from step 5 : ) on your phone , open up google play store and search for " supersu " . update the app when prompted , then open it . press ok to update the su binary . you now have root and can safely restore the " unknown sources " and " usb debugging " settings back to how you had them ! congratulations ! next steps are to install titanium backup , lbe privacy guard , and all the other things you might need and which require root ! hint for linux users to get adb recognize your android device these steps should work with all android phones . the example data of course should exactly fit the lg optimus p880 this question deals with . open a terminal window , and make yourself root ( sudo su - ) enter the following command : lsusb . note the output in your mind . connect your device with usb debugging enabled using an usb cable . again issue the lsusb command . now it should output an additional line which has to be the just connected android device . for the lg optimus p880 , this should read like : Bus 002 Device 103: ID 1004:61a6 LG Electronics, Inc. 1004 is the vendor id for lg , 61a6 the device id of the p880 in usb debugging mode . use your favorite editor ( still in root mode ! ) and open /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules ( if no such file exists , simply create it ) . add the below lines ( first line is optional ) , and then save the file . restart the udev daemon : service udev restart now you just need to disconnect your device . when reconnecting it for the next time , adb will see it -- as you can confirm with the adb devices command . so here are the lines for your /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules file : #LG Optimus X4 P880 SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n" 
what version of android ? as of jellybean 4.2.2 , you had need a newer version of adb , as there is a security implementation built into jb 4.2.2 , in that , any " unauthorised " computer with usb cable plugged in , will show the device as offline , rendering any file transfer/copying etc useless . with the new version of adb as downloaded from google or for your device , you will be prompted to request authorisation and to allow it , based on a cryptographic key generated by adb so that the computer is " trusted " , then the contents can be copied/transferred .
i recommend you to use a vpn client to mask your original ip and circumvent lockout from youtube . vpn clients i personally use are : hotspot shield droid vpn one click vpn all of it are free but with some downsides . hotspot shield gives you a us ip but will put small ads when you are browsing . droidvpn free version is limited to 100mb a day and requires to registration . one click vpn free has no ads and no limit , but you cannot choose your preferred country ip , it will be randomly chosen .
as described in configuring adb for nexus 4 on ubuntu 11.10 , under linux it is important to be listed in either ~/.android/adb_usb.ini ( user based ) or /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules . syntax for both files differs : while in the first case it is sufficient to simply add the vendor id ( echo 0x18d1 &gt;&gt; ~/.android/adb_usb.ini for a nexus 4 ) , the entry for the udev rule is a bit more complex . details can be found in the linked question ( or rather its answers ) . im krlmlr 's case , it was not an " either-or " , but seemingly both parts were needed ( i never had that before , and i never even used the adb_usb.ini -- but that does not mean there are no such exceptions ) . by adding the device in both places ( which cannot hurt anyway ) , the device finally showed up . two additional remarks : after changing the udev rules , the udev service needs to be restarted to accept the changes . on ubuntu , this can be done via sudo service udev restart ( alternatively , you can simply force udev to reload its rules using udevadm control --reload-rules ) . if your device is still not detected , it most likely was plugged in while you did the changes ; you need to disconnect and reconnect the usb cable then . of course , usb debugging must be enabled in your device : ) example by krlmlr based on the following output of lsusb for the android device in question : Bus 002 Device 009: ID 2207:0010  it was necessary to create /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules as root with the following contents : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="2207", ATTR{idProduct}=="0010", MODE="0660", GROUP="plugdev"  and to create ~/.android/adb_usb.ini with the following contents : 0x2207  the first is required to allow regular users ( that belong to the group plugdev ) to access the device . note the permission mask 0660 instead of the frequently seen 0666 which is weaker from a point of view of security ( the latter allows " world " access , while the former only allows " user and group " access ) . the second is required so that adb attempts to talk to the device in the first place . after that : sudo chmod a+r /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules sudo udevadm control --reload-rules adb kill-server  and unplug+plug your android device . then , adb devices  finally showed the android device . remark by izzy : for my lg optimus 4x hd , it was sufficient to add one line to /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules: SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n"  maybe the SYMLINK option makes the difference that i did not need the extra entry in ~/.android/adb_usb.ini .
try to edit adb_usb . ini and add your device id you can find it by going to the device manager find the " android adb interface " double click on it go to the details tab , and on the " property " drop down menu select " hardware ids " on the box below it labeled " values " you should see something like " usb\vid_2207 and pid_0010 and mi_01" the numbers maybe different based on your device vendor id , for example my vendor id is "2207" no open the adb_usb . ini located on the folders below and add your device id in hex format for example my device id is "2207" i will put it there as "0x2207" it is usually located in xp : \documents and settings . android\ windows 7: \users . android\ windows 7: \users . android\ but if the folder doesnt exist try to create it by using cmd . and if the file adb_usb . ini also doesnt exist you can create it using notepad and only pasting only your device id and save it on the . android folder .
izzy’s answer is misleading . two unrelated things were mixed up ( the vendor id list in adb on one side and the permission setup in linux on the other side ) . 1 ) devices considered by adb : adb has a hard-coded list of usb vendor ids it tries . e.g. htc mobile phones use 0xbb4 , which is listed ( source file usb_vendors . c ) , while 0x2207 is not . the only way to add to this list ( without patching the source ) is to put vendor ids in the file $HOME/.android/adb_usb.ini , line by line . ( home is set up right ? ) no special cable is needed . 2 ) permission setup for non-root access : the udev-fiddling is to give user-access to e.g. /dev/bus/usb/002/009 ( bus number/device number change ; see lsusb for current values ) . the details of this are not relevant to the original poster’s question , as he ran adb as root .
you cannot do this from with settings of the default camera . you could look at another camera app like camera streak ( blog ) . or you could roll your own , here is the relevant details you need to change : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/hardware/camera.parameters.html setexposurecomponent ( )
you can use long exposure camera 2 . this app can be used to achieve very long shutter exposure .
if you go to advanced task manager , you can set ( in the settings ) the security level to low , which will show you running services . by default it only shows processes .
if you want a tablet that gets the newest updates on time , get the new nexus 8 that will be coming out soon . there is not really any reason to get another type of android tablet ( although some of samsung 's new stuff is compelling ) since nexus products generally have excellent specs and cost half the price . however , even if you want to go with another manufacturer , there is a pretty vibrant community of people on the internet who prepare updates for various android devices that you can flash onto your device yourself . i bought a $150 chinese tablet last year and was able to get the newest version of android on it even though the manufacturer never would have rolled out an official update . happy traveling in android tablet land !
your tablet will come advertised with the version of android it carries in the box . when they make it they do not know what versions will be released , obviously . the packaging and advertising will say ross tablet comes with kitkat 4.4 . that does not mean i will not update my hardware with a newer version of android , but it means there is no guarantee i ever will . there is nothing that says explicitely it can not be updated , unless the hardware is insufficient to run a particular build . jellybean was heavy on resources but kitkat is much lighter . it would depend on this also . either they did not update their advertising and/or they did not update the device . there is no hard fast rule . updates to android itself are creted by google , then released to the oem . the actual updates to the device are dealth with by the oem ( manufacturer ) and released by them if they decide they want to . this is after they skin it ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur etc ) , test it and make whatever changes they decide . this is why i have a htc on 4.1 and another on 4.4 here . each manufacturer has it is own unique hardware , as does each device model . there is no concept of a ' generic ' android rom across devices . the hardware and software for it ( e . g . the oem 's camera ) is closed source and rom developers have to use their own kernels and work arounds to get these installed on the various devices . you would need to check on a device by device basis . google should tell you the answer , but xda developers is also a great resource .
yes , the android as well as blackberry versions of google 's authenticator app supports multiple accounts . press menu and choose scan barcode after you have set up your new google account for 2-factor auth to grab the displayed barcode or enter details manually . details : https://code.google.com/p/google-authenticator/
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator google authenticator creates two-step verification codes on your phone . google authenticator works with 2-step verification for your google account to provide an additional layer of security . features : automatic setup via qr code support for multiple accounts time and counter based code generation to use this app , you need to enable 2-step verification on your google account .
chainfire3d can do this , but requires root .
twilight works well , although it is just a screen filter , it is automated and very similar to f . lux if you move the color temp to the right more i love it although it does look terrible , it is all we have , and i am not going to root my phone just to have a true color temp change that is insane , plus it voids my warranty which i need to have and rooting is insanely difficult , do not tell me it is easy i have read the instructions for it -- it is not easy
well i know for a fact that there is cyanogenmod rom which has " filter options " one of them being only turn on red , i know its not automatic , but there is widgets for the home screen . i am pretty sure there is a way to do it by app but it would require root access .
would color filter service fit your needs ? there is a half-screen demo available in the market that you can try out as well . you can tweak the rgb values of the filter however you want , so if you want a red filter just crank up the red slider and do not adjust the g/b values .
you can try the screen filter app .
it does not provide red tint , but for late night , ultra-dim reading i use adjbrightness . it does require a rooted device .
neyetlight looks like it would do the trick .
methods i know of that do change the color of the screen require flashing a custom kernel . i do not know of one that purposely makes the color less accurate , however . one kernel for galaxy s phones is called voodoo color . if you are a developer , i suggest contacting them and asking how you could do it ; otherwise you had probably need to hire someone . edit : apparently this can be done through an app , i had no idea . still , this is an option .
i dont know if this will help but there is an app in the market named " screen adjuster " by netman that allows you to control the red tint on the phone
a quick search on the market found a number of these . here are a few that seem to fit your description . bus stop alarm bus snooze - gps alarm location reminder alarm gps alarm+ gps alarm
i have not used it personally , but many of my friends will tell you ( and so will a lot of people on this site ! ) that tasker is what you are looking for , and it is well worth the price . it not only can make certain alarms active per location , but it can do any number of tasks , depending on if you are in a certain spot , if you have wi-fi access , if your battery is low , and so on . here 's the full description : automate everything from settings to photos , sms to speech . adc2 prize winner . total automation , from settings to sms . adc2 finalist ! triggers : app , time , day , location , hard/soft state , event , shortcut , widget , timer actions : 175+ built-in , any locale-compatible setting plugin tasks : loops , variables , conditions
remember the milk can do this : although it is a todo list utility , and a very good one , you can also set tasks to be triggered by geolocation ( at the railway station ? remember to text the parking fee ) and these will set off the alarm of your choice .
check this milwus location alarm app . works nicely , it is exactly what you are looking for .
llama . a laymans version of tasker . it can do so much more but should suffice with minimal battery impact as it uses cell sites to identify rather than gps .
i would like to propose an app i just published ; it is are we there yet ? , it has a fancy new holo based ui , it allows you to save alarms for quick access and it is free .
if the wi-fi hotspot feature is broken in your custom rom , then it does not matter what apps you install . they all rely on the os to do their work . you need to build or find a rom which supports this feature in order to use it .
it seems that this behavior is present in all recent chinese roms from huawei and there is no way to disable it . however , i found a workaround for it ; the message only popsup if you have wifi and data enabled and you lose wifi connectivity . then your phone will ask if it is allowed to switch from wifi to data . so , if you make sure wifi is disabled before switching to data , it will not ask this question . to do so manually , takes a lot of time . luckily there is an app that can automate this task for you . here 's how : install the app ' llama ' from the market ( free ) and create these two events : the 1 second delay is necessary , else it does not work properly . what it does : switch off wifi as soon wifi disconnects from your wifi network and then enables data . this way , it does not show the popup and ' automatically ' switch to data . do not forget to manually enable wifi again if you are in reach again of your wifi network . if you want llama to automatically turn back wifi on as soon you get home/in reach of your wifi , you have to let it learn your location . read the help/documentention on how to do so . it is pretty easy to do : ) this ' fix ' works for me 9 out 10 times . give it a try , i hope it helps you .
unfortunately you can not do this . you would need to entirely remove your account ( the primary phone account ) from the phone and add hers as the primary account , which would perform a factory reset on the phone . hopefully future versions of the android os will support multiple users , especially the tablet versions , but currently it does not .
perhaps it is a water damage sticker -- it might go more red if water gets on it , or something .
it does not wipe the os ( the system partition ) , only the user data . it is a precaution so that an attacker can not install a new os to get around android 's security protections on your data . see why does unlocking the bootloader wipe phone ? for more details on why . when you first boot the device after unlocking the bootloader , if you do not flash a new os right away , it'll go into the first-time setup wizard ( where it asks you to sign into or create a google account ) .
when unlocking your bootloader it wipes the tablet , so any data you have on it will be erased . so do a backup before doing anything . unlocking the boot loader will not wipeout the os , that is only done if you install another rom . rooting the nexus 7 is probably the easiest device to do it on . here are some links that i have used in the past to accomplish that . the xda forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1766475 the nexustoolkit download : http://www.wugfresh.com/nrt/ read both thoroughly , everything is explained in an easy to understand way . the xda forum is a great source of invaluable information . the nexus toolkit is very concise , with an intuitive ui , that runs on your pc . this will unlock the boot loader , install ( flash ) recovery , install your boot . img ( kernel ) , and install rom . there is a vast amount of other features , but you will find them out when using the toolkit .
your new device has a small amount of internal memory and a large amount of storage memory . this larger section is termed as /sdcard and the contents of a physical microsd card inserted into your device is assigned the label /sdcard_ext or similar . the android media scanner will intelligently scan thru your entire sd card ( both if you have a physical card inserted too ) at boot time . you can place your music files in the following folders . ymmv due to differing versions of android . /sdcard/Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . /sdcard/Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . /sdcard/Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . /sdcard/Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . /sdcard/Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . /sdcard/Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . /sdcard/Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . /sdcard/Download/ - miscellaneous downloads .
search for samba apps some of them allow you to select share folder
you can not directly mount the internal storage . you need to be rooted to view it on your phone , or you can use adb pull from the android sdk tools to copy it off the device .
there are several apps available in a market which hepls you to recover your deleted messages . you should try this one how to recover deleted text messages from an android smartphone
dual sim standby : if you are talking in Sim A when someone calls to Sim B then they will hear Sim B is not reachable . you wont get prompted dual sim active : if you are talking in Sim A when someone calls to Sim B then they will hear your call is on waiting . you will get prompted and you can place the current call in hold and answer the new call . but you should be able to receive call or make calls on both sim when you use internet . gsm arena confirms xperia tipo is no dual standby meaning when you are using one sim to make phone call/ using data the other sim gets off . however , unlike many dual sim phones , in xperia tipo both the sim slot supports 3g sim .
there are actually three types of dual sim phones . dual sim standby ( dss ) : only one sim can be used at a time , 1 radio chip . dual sim dual standby ( dsds ) : two sims can be used at a time , but if one opens a call or data connection , the other is offline . dual sim active ( or sometimes dual sim dual active ) ( dsa/dsda ) : two sims can be used at a time , 2 radio chips . this enables both sims to open calls and/or data connection . since your phone is mentioned as " no dual standby " , it means it is a dss-phone , which allows only one open connection at a time .
this can often be caused by filesystem corruption on the sd card . the sd card might appear to work normally if you do not access the corrupted parts of the filesystem , but since the media scanner reads the whole filesystem , it is much more likely to get stuck on a corrupted file or directory . try removing the sd card and using a card reader on your pc to check the filesystem ( e . g . with scandisk or fsck ) .
i had a problem with the phone rebooting apparently without any cause about once a day , i only realized that because it played the boot sound . i think that was because the case i use might fit a little bit too tight and in some situations pressed the power button for a long time which , if i do that intentionally also initializes a reboot . i have adjusted the case and have not experienced the problem since then .
yes , it is a " loose " battery issue . i had the same problem with my galaxy xcover and cured it totally by adding a layer of thick adhesive tape at the end of the battery in order to press it harder against the contacts , and 2 layers of adhesive tape at the back of the battery in order to keep it more firmly in place . problem solved ! !
i had the same behaviour , related to frequent " driving mode " madness . i do not know if the driving mode is an effect of the same cause or not , but when one stopped the other did too . what i did to stop it ( some might be bs , but it did not do it a second time , so i can not find out what was the help ) dry it off ( some rain might have gotten into the usb port ) clean the usb port . shut off , remove battery , wait 10 minutes restart . connect to wall-outlet-charger ( full charge , as opposed to computer charge ) stop charging it with el cheapo , very thin , shaky cables .
yeah my samsung galaxy s2 behave like that sometimes . . . i thought i pressed the power button for quite too long ( i was using an annoying skin fit cover ) . but now that you mention it , yes it happens . but ever since i am using amzer covers there has never been a problem like that . yes the some weird app eats up memories and shuts down the phone , but it is not turning off anymore .
not sure about other galaxy devices but the note 2 shuts off on it is own under various conditions , all hardware related . take a look at this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjln2yikyni and also this site i built that goes in to more detail regarding the issue : www.galaxynote2shutsoff.com one look at that short video and i am sure there will be some light bulbs going off . be sure to read the details i provided on that site as well . they go in to detail about the problems that i have had and the lack of proper support that samsung is willing to provide .
when you put wifi in sleepy condition , it keeps cpu busy and overloaded putting wifi on and off frequently , so putting wifi never sleepy condition the cpu is less burdened and more efficient , which ensures phone never shutdown on its own .
i had the same problem , my phone switches off and on for about 20-25 times a day , , horrible isnt it , well . . ! ! this is wat i did to over come this problem , and it worked fine . go to settings > wireless and network > wifi settings > using menu option choose advance settings > wifi sleep policy > select " never " > press menu option and save . . have happy time : )
looks like the icon for the " silent " or " vibrate " mode . these icons are different depending on the skin manufacturers/carriers put on their phone , but those wavy lines usually represent vibration .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
i use anti sms spam and private box . it can block messages from specified number/unknown number . messages with specified word can also be filtered .
you could try call blocker gold , it seems to have the features you are looking for .
you could use sanity , which seems to have the feature you want ( from app description ) : block unwanted calls and sms : automatically refuse incoming calls and sms filtering out the phone number ( include or exclude anonymous and/or unknown numbers , favourites , contacts and groups ; enable the block by choosing date and time ) ; advanced : choose between different block methods to confuse the caller !
in general i do not know how you can do that , but a very nice question . i would also like to know about it . i do not know if you were giving example or asking about that google login . if you are asking about it , its a security feature . whenever you change your sim card android asks you to login again .
the motorola razr has a sleep option which works like that so it is possible to do though it probably has to be done at rom level .
there really is nothing a " suspend " mode would give you over simply shutting the phone off , other than maybe a slightly faster resume vs . boot-up time . with that said , most android devices are engineered with battery life in mind . however a phone still must function as a phone , so cellular and data radios must be enabled , touch screens must respond to input , etc . all these things are a drain on the battery . there are many apps on the market that can help with mitigating this drain , especially when the battery is low on power . with an app like juice defender , for example , you can set up profiles that automate disabling data connectivity and only enabling it once in a while for short periods to check for e-mail , etc . there are lower level tweaks as well . custom kernels combined with 3rd-party roms allow you to underclock ( opposite of overclocking ) and undervolt the cpu when the phone is not actively in use , take advantage of different cpu governors that are more battery-friendly , etc . however these require a phone to be rooted , with an unlocked bootloader in order to install these custom kernels and roms .
go to your setting and from there click on the application manager once you are on application manager , swipe across the categories to find all . this will give you a list of all applications on your phone . your application manager has three categories - a ) downloaded b ) running and c ) all . once you select all , scroll down the list of applications to find download manager . on download manager , click on the button that says clear data . once the data is cleared , the download notification on the notification window will go away .
i would go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and if you have an entry for picasa , shut off sync for it . if that does not work disable background data in the same place , then go to your media app or wherever you set up the sync and shut it off . if you can not then you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All and clear the data for the relevant app ( s ) .
i have tried but they did not seem to make the icon disappear . after wandering through settings and application as suggested by matthew this is what i finally did and it seems to work : settings --> application --> manage app --> running --> myuploads --> force stop and eventually the icon of ongoing process was gone ! thank you for the important clue ! ! !
got it , buttonremapper .
tasker looks like it allows you to remap at least some of the hardware buttons . note that the android os spec has some very specific requirements for android devices . you may not be able to remap certain things .
button shortcut will let you assign shortcuts to the camera and search buttons . the home button could be replaced with another home launcher-like app that handles that intent . however , i do not believe you will be able to re-map the menu and and back buttons without root access to the phone 's system due to security reasons . although within an application you should be able to programatically take control over these buttons with listener events ( but it is strongly discouraged to override the default behavior of the back button without valid reasons ) .
i own a droid ( or rather , its brother milestone , the gsm version of droid ) and i found its hardware keys not so durable : my power/lock key stopped functioning after a year and the volume down button is failing too . so you might wanna give it a second thought if the durability is ever a concern ( i cannot lock/unlock my phone with a press of button anymore ) . in fact there are quite some apps out there trying to do the reverse , i.e. mapping hardware keys to on-screen touch buttons .
you nay also want to try using a variety of file transfer programs like soft data cable or es file explorer file manager ; both of which should be able to transfer via bluetooth , or over wifi ( ftp , etc ) if you connect them on the same network . another alternative may be using a usb hosting app such as stick mount but requires root access !
missed call will do repeat vibration patterns/notifications for sms ( per contact ) , missed/incoming phone calls ( per contact ) , battery , calendar events , device storage , etc . unfortunately this does not do voicemails , but if a missed call is good enough for you , then give it a shot . you can also set it up to do different patterns/notifications per contact for missed calls ( so alert you differently for a vip than everyone else ) .
appdata on an android device is all data that is stored locally by an application except for the binaries of the application . so your saves , progress should be backed up , but not the app itself . it usually depends on the android operating system but it is generally what i said above .
your router in the office is blocking ports - while accepting port 80 for http requests . contact your administrator . i know , at my office , our admin had to change some settings ( but i do not know what ports were necessary ) .
if you need easy access to it then menu -> settings -> cyanogenmod settings -> display -> interface -> notification power widget - > widget buttons -> toggle orientation will add a widget on the notification menu that lets you enable or disable rotation . just about the only time it seems useful is if you are lying on your side and you want the phone to stay in landscape , but it sure is convenient for that .
Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Auto-rotate screen - this option should disable screen rotation throughout the system . Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; CyanogenMod settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Rotate 180 degrees - this option disables the " upside-down " rotation only .
some android devices with usb-on-the-go ( or usb host mode ) support can use a usb ethernet adapter , when connected through a usb-on-the-go connector . if your device supports this , you can buy a usb ethernet adapter and connect it to your network that way . if your device does not support that , you can use reverse-tethering to connect your device through usb to your pc 's network connection ( the pc acts like a router ) . see the existing questions with this tag to learn more about that .
for setting file permissions , you can use the chmod command . the permissions shown are basically split in 3 parts , each consisting of 3 chars : a triple for the owner , the group , and for " others " . usually , each triple holds definitions for reading , writing , and executing a file ; so rwx means " can read , write , and execute " , while r-- would say " can only read " . the resulting 9 chars are usually preceded by another one , giving information of the type of the " file": ( d ) irectory and ( l ) ink are the most common examples . again , if no " special condition " matches , a leading - indicates a " normal file " . based on that , let 's take your input : -rwsr-sr-x obviously describes a " normal file " ( starting with - ) , readable ( r ) by owner , group , and others , writable by owner only , and executable by " others " ­– while owner and group have a s instead the x for execute . this stands for " suid " , elevate the caller to the level of the file owner/group . taking advantage of the fact permissions can be set " bit-wise " ( x=1 , w=2 , r=4 , suid user=4 , group=2 ) , after my long " rant " finally the command which should do the trick : chmod 6774 su  should set the permissions your question shows . if i " mis-calculated " , you have got all information to re-calculate for yourself now : ) additional hints from the comments : instead of calculating the " bitmask " , one can also use symbolic names – as dan hulme pointed out , and as explained e.g. on the chmod manpage : defining whom to grant to : ( u ) ser / ( g ) roup / ( o ) thers / ( a ) ll defining what to grant : ( r ) ead / ( w ) rite / e ( x ) ecute / ( s ) uid defining whether to ( + ) grant or ( - ) revoke so the following two commands should be similar , provided there have not been other things granted before : chmod 6774 su chmod u+rws g+rs o+rx su  the difference becomes clear in case e.g. before " others " had also write permission : while the first command ( using a bitmask ) sets the permission explicitly to match the " grants " defined ( and thus would remove that write permission ) , the symbolic one " makes a diff " ( in the example , it just adds the permissions specified to whatever was there before , so that write permission would not be removed ) .
download go launcher ex and install it and then download the go widget called go switch widget . this widget will allow you to switch among many apps through one touch very easily .
widgetsoid will allow a user to create a bar of toggles - add the mobile data toggle in the network section . then tapping that will toggle the data connection . of course - a search turned up many other dedicated options . try and use whichever you like best .
widgetlocker is a great lock-screen replacement that will allow you to put any widget installed on your phone on the lock-screen . you can also configure it to allow your notification bar to be usable . the actual calendar popup i am not sure about , but i know you had be able to see it when it shows up in your notification bar , and from there you can open it up and snooze/dismiss it .
you can make an automatic nandroid backup using rom manager ( free / paid ) . open the app - go to settings and select automatic backup . you can select the time and frequency of the backups in the following screens .
bookmark the page in the browser , then exit the browser . there is an app called ' icon changer free ' that can be used to change icons for apps and shortcuts . use it to create a new bookmark shortcut within that app , and change the icon to the one you want to use . it also offers a small selection of basic image editing tools , but it would be better if you had the icon prepared beforehand .
when i wanted to do this , i found the available apps sorely lacking , so i wrote a home screen widget which can do this . the image can be a static one , or you can refresh it from the internet periodically ( e . g . from an rss feed ) . you can set it to open a website when clicked , or launch an app of your choice ( amongst other things ) . the app is called showr , and it is a free download from google play . ( there is a " pro " version with more options . )
the source code for the adb exploit used in the superoneclickroot tool is available : http://stealth.openwall.net/xsports/rageagainstthecage.tgz . you would have to crosscompile rageagainstthecage . c ( after reviewing it of course . . . ) for arm5 and then do the whole adb thing , descibed for example here in thread no . 844966 at xda-dev ( my one link was already used up , sorry ) . i do not speak from experience however .
perhaps a simple answer but if the author does not provide the sourcecode of the app und you know that it does not originate of a trusted source , you can not be sure that it is clean . if it is a high risk for you you probably should not use it .
the apps are not the problem . sometimes there are huge log files or other files which take all the memory . the solution : install sd-maid app and use the system-clear function . you may have to root your phone first . this is the only thing worked for me .
i use diskusage for situations like this . it graphs the directory structure for you in a very pedagogical way to show you what directories ( and subdirectories ) that are taking up the most space . it literally solves situations like this in 15 seconds for me , because i will see a big square with the text " movies " or something on it , realizing i completely forgot i put an entire season of wonders of the universe on my device or something — or i will se a folder with a name of an app that has long since been deleted with a bunch of useless cache : ) try it out , i am not sure how well it works on non-rooted devices but i think it should work on those as well , i do not think it does anything else than list directories and add their content size up .
i have written a tutorial on how to get mtp devices recognized under ubuntu . if you have already installed mtptools and added the udev rule , you still need to create a static mount point for your device and let mtp know that is where it lives . make sure you have restarted either your computer or the udev service since you added the udev rule ( sudo service udev restart ) , and then sudo mkdir /media/mtpdevice ( call the directory whatever you like ) sudo chmod 775 /media/mtpdevice sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/mtpdevice attach your phone ( make sure it is unlocked , if you have a pin or swipe pattern ) . you should then be able to see both the internal and external cards . note that you will not be able to open files directly from the cards , you will need to copy them locally first .
as suggested by @logos this works ( take care of using sudo ) : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MTPdevice  however mtpfs is very unstable on this phone so i tried go-mtpfs and i found out it works better . you can install go-mtpfs using the info provided in their site the command to mount the phone is very similar ( change the bin path according to yours ) : sudo /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs /media/MTPdevice/  automount once you are able to mount the device with the above command you can make the phone automount : you only have to add a couple of rules to udev . you will need those info : id_model ( mine is tcl_s950 ) id_model_id ( mine is 0167 ) installation path of go-mtpfs ( mine is /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs ) you can find those info running this command in a terminaludevadm monitor --environment --udev and plug/unplug your phone . now you can create/edit an udev rules /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules and add these lines ( change id_model and id_model_id with yours ) : at this point everything should work , check this thread for more details : source
actually , the easiest way is to modify /usr/lib/udev/rules . d/69-libmtp . rules adding your product id as it is likely that it already contains your vendor id , so create a new line for your device with your vid and pid , restart udev and it works !
assuming you are using a ubuntu 12.04 or 12.10 based distro ( v13 and up supports this natively ) and that gvfs-mtp is already installed : add the backport repository for mtp support in gvfs : sudo add-apt-repository ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp sudo apt-get update  upgrade the system , you should see many gvfs packages in the list : sudo apt-get upgrade  reboot . source : http://blog.sukria.net/2013/03/09/support-for-nexus-4-in-ubuntu-12-10/
this may sound obvious , but have you enabled usb debugging on your phone ?
thank god i figured out how to fix it . the problem was that i was using software that was meant to root a first gen nexus 7 , and i had the second gen ( 2013 ) version . whoops . in order to fix it , i downloaded the unroot/stock toolkit from http://www.androidrootz.com/2013/08/nexus-7-one-click-toolkit-for-mac-2013.html and then downloaded the factory images for the nexus 7 2013 from google 's site , https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#razor i then used the unroot/stock toolkit to reload the bootloader and factory image . after this , my nexus worked fine . i was still able to root , but this time i made sure to use the correct software to do so .
what happens is this , depending on the settings within sms app , ( really its actually mms app ) , ' delete old messages ' option delete old messages as limits are reached , if that was checked , then once it hits the threshold of 200 texts , android will wipe them , to make room for more incoming messages . now , if that was not checked , android does nothing but . . . it will slow down the handset to a crawl because it is loaded down with say , hundreds of messages , because android is keeping track of it . if you really care about your sms , it might be best to use sms backup restore and just back them up periodically .
this is not directly possible ( as noted in the comment below your question ) . you can let google save them to their cloud : go to : settings-> privacy and enable those two options : back up my data ( back up application data , wi-fi passwords , [ . . . ] ) automatic restore also , say yes when you are prompted if you want to restore data during the first time set up of your new sgs3 . if you have done the first time setup already withouth that option enabled , then maybe the automatic restore settings does it afterwards ( not tried yet , though ) .
this is probably because of the amount of ram on the device you are using . it sounds like the system gave the ram that was being used by chrome to the phone app . it saw that chrome was no longer the active app and the phone app was requesting more ram so in order to free up the ram it had to close chrome . if chrome was using a majority of the system ram , and a new app requested access to the ram , the system needed to free some up . since you did not specify what device you have though , this is really only a guess .
android has two mechanisms that claim memory back from the applications that you run . one mechanism is called oom and is an integral part of linux . it activates only when the memory is really needed for something else . a phone call would normally not trigger this mechanism . playing a game would , or copying large amounts of files from internal storage to sdcard . the other mechanism is native to android , and closes applications that have not recently been used . the exact defintion of " recently " is a moving target . it changes with every release of android , and also with the specific modifications that the manufacturer has made to it . only the application that is currently visible is always recent enough to not be killed under this mechanism , on every version of android . apparently on your system and phonecall is enough to trigger that . you can try two things to avoid this to happen . one is to switch back to chrome while you talk on the phone . use the multitasking functionality of your phone to do that . chrome will then be the most recent app and android should respect that even during long calls . note that your call wont be killed either under the same mechanism , because it handles audible interaction , which also makes it a currently used app even when not visible . the other thing to try is an app that i made . its originally designed to solve this very same problem for the opera mobile browser ( now called opera classic ) . its flexible enough to let you use it with chrome . however i dont know if it really helps , your mileage may vary . you can download it for free here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2269810 there is also another aspect to your problem , namely memory management inside chrome ( not android ) . i vaguely recall that chrome can evict tabs from memory when you look at other tabs . if that is true , the above tricks might only help you to keep chrome itself alive but the previously loaded content may still be gone . in this case , only a new improved version of chrome can solve your problem , or switching to other browsers . i know that opera classic does not evict single tabs from memory , neither does opera mini . they either stay 100% in memory , or they are killed 100% at once . if you dont like those two , you may want to test other browsers specifically for this property and then apply one of the mentioned tricks to keep them always in memory .
syncing google play music does not actually download the music : it just updates the list of what music you have . music streams , caches , or downloads when you start to play it , and you can control that using the settings inside google play music itself : download via wi-fi only and stream via wi-fi only . in the same way , you can control when google+ " auto-backup " backs up photos and videos , using the settings inside google+ . from the settings menu , click auto-backup , and click back up photos and back up videos to select when they are synced .
you can use tasker automate with synker apps on google play store . after installed them create a new profile " state> net> wifi connected " . next it request to create a new task . go to"new task> plugin> synker auto sync " . next tap its configuration button and choose required sync options . next create a tasker exit task . in this task create " disable auto sync " . then , whenever your device disconnected from any wifi it will disable auto sync . it is a battery friendly . save the profile . like wise create another profile with new task for mobile data connection .
in xperia u you will get in to safe mode when you keep taping on menu button while the phone is booting . safe mode prevents any third-party apps from running . so if you have installed an app that might cause some serious problems with your device , boot it in safe mode to uninstall it . you can boot into normal mode by a simple restart .
vlc media player for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.videolan.vlc.betav7neon
are you sure your tags are correct , it sounds like they are not ? try looking at the files with something like mp3tag or mediamonkey they should show exactly which tags are in there and let you clear out any corrupted tags .
yes , if you are in fact really low on space then gmail stops syncing . you might also stop receiving sms 's and other data until you have made some space .
you should be able to do this natively . android 3.0 ( and below ) : in your launcher , press and hold on a blank area and click " shortcuts " . select " drive shortcut " , then your document , and it will create a link for you . android 4.0 ( and above ) open your app drawer and jump to the widgets section . swipe until you get to " drive shortcut " . long-press and drop on your desktop . choose the account to use ( if necessary ) then select the document .
if you want sane information , i recommend sane commands : ) ( no offense meant , just kidding ) . so the question should read : how to obtain log information from an android device ? and now we are on the better side . there are multiple approaches which can be used : utilize apps to display ( color-coded ) log information utilize adb ( part of the android sdk ) to remotely extract the very same information use ssh from remote ( or a local terminal app ) to aquire the information directly from the device to fully handle this topic it takes more than this simple answer ( if interested , you can e.g. find more detailed information on many web sites , or in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android , which i had the honour to translate into german . there are probably many other sources as well . so i will just give a few examples here to get you started : utilizing apps the probably best known app in this context is alogcat , available for free in the playstore ( and the dev will happily accept your donation for the other variant of the same app ) . you will find a screenshot below 1 . the app allows you to filter the logs , to start/stop recording log messages , and even to store the recorded snippets to your sd-card -- of course in plain text , as you requested . another app in this section is log collector , which simply tries to grab the entire available log and send it via the share menu 2 . the android debug bridge ( adb ) the android software development kit ( sdk ) includes the adb command for various tasks . amongst many others , it offers the adb shell to execute commands on the device . using this , you can gather your desired log information as well : just prefix below commands with adb shell . command prompt on the device using a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator or terminal ide ) you can access the logs directly at the command prompt , locally on your device . a little more comfortable , this can be done running a ssh server ( e . g . droidsshd or dropbear ssh server ) on your device , and access it from your computer . this way you can work on a big screen , while investigating your logs . commands to access your log information there are a lot of powerful commands you can use to access your log information from the command line , and i will only give a few examples here . dmesg the dmesg command extracts the kernel log : logcat with logcat , you can access many logging information -- but most times , this will require root . it has some parameters to filter the information , e.g. by selecting the log buffer to read with -b . please read the information provided on the developers page on logcat for details . to give you two examples : logcat -b events would list up events , or logcat -b radio information on your device 's radio modul . dumpsys and dumpstate the two commands dumpsys and dumpstate give you detailed system information : bugreport and if you are too lazy to remember them all , simply use the bugreport command -- which calls all above and bundles it for a nice , humm , bug report to the developer . . . of course , you can redirect the output from all those commands to a file to copy to your computer , and in most cases you should do so -- as your screen buffer would be far too small to handle it all : bugreport &gt; /mnt/sdcard/bugreport.txt would be one example for that part .
for developers ( or other interested parties ) who need to parse this raw file , here are some resources : logcat ( the program that can output binary logs ) , it calls android_logger_list_read() to gather log entries : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/logcat/logcat.cpp information about android logging in general : http://elinux.org/android_logging_system the low-level logging library for reading/writing logs : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/liblog an utility to dump raw ( binary ) logs , optionally switching versions : https://lekensteyn.nl/files/logread.c kernel source for logger : https://github.com/android/kernel_common/blob/android-3.10/drivers/staging/android/logger.c the actual format of the log format is detailled at : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/include/log/logger.h a copy of the relevant parts , slightly annotated and re-ordered for your convenience : you can tell the differences versions apart by looking at the third and four byte . the format is apparently also dependent on the endianness of your platform . for v1 messages , __pad equals to 0 . v2 ( and v3 ) messages use 24 ( 0x18 ) . the msg field is interpreted as follows ( source ) : priority : 1 byte tag : 0 or more bytes literal \0 as separator message : 0 or more bytes literal \0 as terminator if this message is truncated , the trailing \0 may be missing .
maybe your phone is not in mass-storage-mode . go to settings / XPeria / connectivity  and set usb connection mode to mass-storage . however , with this setting access is limited to the sd card ; you will not be able to mount the internal memory .
this question seems to come up every few weeks . . . ubuntu 10 ( and sometimes above ) requires manual editing of your udev config in order to recognize an android device . as root create the text file "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line for a sony device : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="054c", MODE="0666"  save the file and exit the editor , then set the permissions of the file and tell the udev system to reload the rules : $ sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules $ sudo udevadm control --reload-rules 
of course there are tons of it . many of them just supports what you are asking but i would recommend you llama or tasker . tasker is paid app but llama is free and uses your cell tower to determine your location to make location based tasks as well . for eg , not only it can do what you have asked but also only when you are at your home .
a quick solution : just copy them in dcim ( to use gallery as a source ) or store them in picasa . it'll allow you to get them from another handset if you want : ) edit ( thanks to matt ) : you can put the file in any folder of your fs , and android will find it and suggest it as a wallpaper .
i think you should be able to use adb on your phone while in recovery . adb devices should show something along the lines of YOUR_DEVICE recovery . once you have access to your device in recovery , you can mount the data partition using adb shell busybox mount /data and then you can use adb pull to pull data from the data partition , for example : adb pull /data/ phone_data/ will save the entire contents of your /data partition ( which includes apps , wifi settings and app preferences ) to phone_data in your current directory . if you want to pull data from your sd card for some reason , simply do adb pull /sdcard/ phone_sdcard/ . note : i prefer using twrp ( which you can find for your device here ) , so if any of the above steps do not work you should try using it .
try frama root apk . it roots all high end devices . how to install : download framaroot from xda run , choose superuser or supersu select boromir or another character you will see :- reboot device root- installed
with rooting there is no guarantee that you won ' lose your data , but in general it is safe . for rooting the htc legend it looks like the following is the best method : register with htc dev and unlock you bootloader get the acs htc super tools and drivers from here install the drivers unrar the super tools ensure your phone has usb debugging enabled plug phone into computer and run supertool . exe do options 1 and 3 ( in that order ) to root your phone download the s-off file from here move that file to the htcsupertoolv3\root\ folder where adb and fastboot are open a command prompt and navigate to the root folder where you put the s-off image from above run the following commands :  adb reboot bootloader   fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-legend.img  you are now rooted with a custom recovery . note : i do not have an htc legend and this is just a synthesis of research that i have done .
i finally worked out how to do this . i used z4root to gain root access and it worked perfectly . i was able to get the data i needed without any problems at all .
try going to the application manager . find gmail and make sure that show notifications is checked . that fixed all of my problems .
have you checked to see if sync is on ? on ics+ go to Settings-Data Usage and press the menu button , and ensure ' auto sync data ' is checked . then go to Account-&gt;&lt;select your account&gt; and ensure gmail , or email is selected . bear in mind that the email app can not push emails - it can only poll the server at a minimum of every 5 minutes . if you are on less than ics , then go to System Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync and ensure sync is turned on . select the account , and make sure gmail is checked .
for flashing samsung devices on operating systems other than windows , you might wish to take a look at our heimdall tag-wiki : heimdall is a cross-platform open-source tool suite used to flash firmware ( aka roms ) onto samsung mobile devices thought your device does not seem to be explicitly mentioned as being " officially tested " on the projects homepage , the page writes : users have reported success with a wide variety of samsung 's mobile phones and tablets from all around the world . heimdall ( source : webupd8 . org ; click image for larger variant )
assuming you are speaking about the short message service : for sending pictures without text , that is done via a special " signal channel " , where exactly 160 bytes fit into a single package ( hence the limit of 160 chars ) . but when you want to include more ( more text , multi-media elements like pictures or video , or some other attachments ) , those " additional data " do not fit into this " package " – so your message is switched to mms . other than sms , mms are sent and received via mobile data ( often via a special access point configured in your device ) . so this is the reason why it requires your data plan to send " pictures with text": you basically switch to a different service . details can be found behind the links , if needed .
i am not aware of any native settings for this , but there is an app that was built to bridge the gap : lockscreen policy . when you first launch it , you will need to hit the " activate " button to give it device administration permission , then you simply toggle the camera to " off": one caveat to this app that the author notes on the google play page : does not work on touchwiz android 4.2 . x firmware ( such as galaxy s4 ) however , this does not apply in your case , since the n4 is not running touchwiz .
using this as source procedure- turn on the portable wi-fi hotspot on your android smartphone ( or tablet ) go to the settings screen on your android phone . you can get there by pressing the menu button on your device when you are on the home screen , then tapping " settings " . at the settings screen , tap the " wireless and networks " option . you should see an option for " portable wi-fi hotspot " . click the check mark beside it to turn on the hotspot and your phone will start acting like a wireless access point . ( you should see a message in the notification bar when it is activated . ) to adjust and check the settings for the hotspot , tap the aptly named " portable wi-fi hotspot settings " option . you will need to do this if you do not know the default password that will be created for your hotspot so you can make a note of it for connecting your other devices . you can change the default password , security level , router name ( ssid ) , and also manage users connected wirelessly to your phone in the wi-fi hotspot settings .
you do not need drivers for a mac . what you can do so you can access adb from anywhere is create an environment variable that points to the path of adb . open terminal type cd ~ this will take you to your home directory type touch .profile this will create a hidden file named profile type open -e . profile this will open the file you just created in textedit in the file , type export path=${path}:/pathtotheandroidsdkfolder/android-sdk-mac_86/platform-tools save file , close textedit , quit terminal , and relaunch terminal now when you run adb devices , in a terminal , you should see something like the following : list of devices attached 5751a45cb25ef device if you do not see anything listed for devices , make sure you have usb debugging enabled in Settings > Development > USB Debugging
in adb shell or terminal emulator ( and most likely over ssh ) you can use the pm utility to install apps . the command is : pm install /sdcard/app1 . apk the following are the switches of pm: for example , you can force the app to install directly to the external storage ( froyo/gingerbread style . ) p.s. the wget utility should be available via busybox on cm7 . if not , you can always install it via android market .
i would suggest you plug your phone into a pc with the sdk ( or at least adb ) installed and in debugging mode . after this , write a script that goes through your apps and installs them via adb , e.g. adb install x:\path\to\app1.apk .
i am using the same method and yes ssh is great ! but it seems when you ssh to android it gets a different shell than sh so if you put sh in front of the command it should work . here 's an example : sh /system/bin/pm install app1.apk
i was seeing the same problem items get stacked in the outbox when you either are not connected to wifi or do not have cell coverage . once you have access to a wifi network the outbox will not empty out or sync either on its own or by going to settings and accounts and synching all . all i did was compose a new message and sent it -- and all of the messages in the outbox seem to follow . ; - ) sounds too simple to work , but try it .
the first thing i would suspect is that a database used by the email app is corrupted . to fix this , you need to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the email app , and clear the data for it . ( if you see anything like " email storage " be sure to clear the data for that as well ) . then re-add your account and see if that helps . if that does not work , i recommend asking your company 's it department if they have changed any settings for the exchange server recently .
weird , i had this problem , tried to send a message with no signal and when i got signal back , i kept getting " unable to send mail " . i moved the messages to another folder and re-sent them and they went . looks like a bug with the client .
the asus eee pad transformer uses a usb 3.0 cable . i have seen noises elsewhere on the ' net that it will only charge on a usb 3.0 socket . this is likely associated with the extra power only available on usb 3.0 .
make sure you have this --redirect-gateway in your configuration file . that option is documented on the openvpn man page
disabling a notification for particular app wont ' save battery . yes it would a little by not ringing and vibrating and also by not making you look at the phone . actually notification is handled by os itself . an app just says that i want this notification to be displayed and os handles it . in your case those apps are running in background using service and periodically asks the os to display the notification . event though you have disabled the notification the service is still running and still requesting the os to display notification .
on android devices , when you turn airplane mode on , it automatically disables packets data usage and any other network functionality . after , you can turn wifi on without any extra cost issue .
i use " es file explorer " as a file explorer on my device . this allows the creation of file shortcuts . once installed , just choose the homepage you want the shortcut , press and hold on the homescreen and you should be prompted to add a widget / app / shortcut . in shortcuts , choose " es file explorer " and it then lets you choose the file you want a shortcut for . perhaps if used in conjunction with a git app you can create the shortcut to a file within a repo saved on your device ? never tried it but do not see why it would not work
after i installed the astro file manager and i went to " preview " - astro popped up , and saying , " give a filename " ok , then it saved the files ! ! ( the files must be ex . : zipped ! ! ) - and then i was able to extract the files in the zip .
you can not , at least not with any consistency , and it looks like you can not request the feature anywhere either . you will need to use a different email client , or wait for the google apps team to implement this out of the blue .
sounds like you have a crippled version of the app . i emailed myself an mp3 file and got " download " and " preview " buttons . pressing " download " downloaded the file ( as one would expect ) to /sdcard/download . ( this is an original droid with froyo . )
i found a number of apps just for this purpose : download all files save my attach gmail attachment download all of these apps function by becoming options when you click on the download or preview button . these are just a couple that i tested out . download all files was my favorite . i am sure there are other apps out there with similar functions .
there are several proxy apps available to accomplish something like that . though most of them require root access to the device , not all do ( i have not tested any of them , so i cannot tell in detail ) . however , a different approach might be checking into vpn apps , as that is pretty much what you targeting : a virtual private network , where your server acts as a " checkpoint " . many of those vpn apps do not require root access , but many also use a dedicated vpn provider . still , the linked lists should contain a working solution for you . disclosure : the linked lists are maintained by me , to provide you good " jump-points " .
you can do this by this approach . o there may or may not be some other better way . note : this answer is based on user experience from android 2.2 . other versions of android my have different settings for this . open your Network Access Points from Network Settings , then open it is configuration , you will see an option for proxy . if it is already set , you are already using proxy ( replace it with your own to change it ) . if it is not set , add your own proxy and save the new configuration . now you have proxy on 2g/3g networks . if you want the same with wifi then :- open WiFi Settings . then click menu button , select Advance , now you should see an option for proxy . now proceed as you did in above part . thats it ! : )
this is a protection that htc uses to ensure quality in their devices . to re-install their custom stock you must re-lock you phone , to do this place you phone into fast-boot mode and plugin in via usb : at the command line ( or where ever you may have the fastboot binary ) execute these commands : fastboot devices fastboot oem lock this will lock your bootloader and allow you to run the ruu . your device should now report " locked " . after your device is locked , proceed with running your * . exe on windows . ( make sure you are installing the right one first ! ) list of ruu 's : http://androidfiles.org/ruu/?developer=endeavor full tutorial : http://androidforums.com/one-s-all-things-root/691874-guide-how-run-ruu-your-htc-one-s.html
i assume you are talking about the youtube app . as far as i know videos are only preloaded when your phone is charging and connected to wifi . when a video is preloading it shows a little white arrow pointing down on the bottom right of the video ( when viewing your watch it later list ) . when it has fully preloaded it shows a green circle with a white down arrow in it . the files are stored in /sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . youtube/files/ then there will be another folder ( mine is seemingly random numbers ) . within this there is one file per preloaded video . as far as i can tell they are not able to be played with anything other than the youtube app . this screenshot shows videos that have been preloaded :
regarding the battery , there is an lte toggle on the market which might help . you can find a blog post about it here . this is a major culprit , and from what i have seen there is no native way to disable lte as you can wimax on sprint 's phones ( i do not own an thunderbolt , i have just been reading about them so i am not sure how accurate this is ) . that being said , battery life has been a pretty common complaint with the thunderbolt thus far . for text messages you could try a new sms client and see if it helps . handcent seems to be the popular choice ( i am a fan of it ) , but there is also some others like chompsms or go sms . it may be an issue you had need to bring up with verizon , though , if the problem persists across sms clients .
to fix the sms problems , rip out the battery for a few seconds , and put it back in . that should ( usually ) solve the problem . my thunderbolt had some really weird issues with sms when i first brought it home . the thunderbolt includes a toggle widget to turn automatic data sync on or off , which is very handy if you do not really need every single application checking constantly - that includes a bunch of htc widgets that you can not remove , and is the primary reason the battery dies so quickly . i ended up switching my phone to 3g mode most of the time , using an app called phone info , which does the same thing as the lte toggle app . that really helps with battery life - and verizon 's 3g network is pretty fast , so when i am on the go i do not really notice the difference .
one solution would be to use a program such as teamviewer and set the computer 's cursor to a red dot , or just use the regular cursor . teamviewer has a program that runs on the computer , and an app that allows you to control the computer from your phone . i think it would work quite well for what you have in mind .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
there is a video for replacing the screen on the samsung galaxy tab and galaxy tab 2 at : http://youtu.be/fjpncrpmi_e its the same process for both and is very easy .
if the digitizer still works and the only issue is the sharp edges , i know a bunch of folks that have ( device agnostic ) cracked screens with a screen protector serving as more of a finger protector on them .
you can pick up a replacement on ebay for ~$80 . it looks like they all come with the glass + the digitizer , from what i have read , they are a " combo " item . then you can find tutorials on how to replace the screen .
you can get a new screen through ebay . here 's one for ~$77 . also , here 's a youtube video that shows how to dismantle and replace the screen and digitizer .
sidestepping the debate over the legitimacy of installing that app on your phone , the question of verification is one that i have been meaning to understand for a while , and you have prompted me to try to figure out a possible way of verifying who signed an apk . android apps are signed in the normal manner of . jar files ( . apk is really just a special . jar which is just a special . zip ) however it may not be trivial to trace the authenticity of the certificates unless you have something known good to compare to . that is basically what the phone itself does - verifies that something that claims to be from the same party as something already on the phone actually is - the phone does not refuse to install things with unknown signers , it can only ( object to/clear application data of ) apparent forgeries when something new does not match something old that it claims to . you will need to have jarsigner and keytool . i believe these come from the jdk which is a prerequisite to the android sdk rather than the sdk itself . first you want try to verify the public key contained within the . apk . usually this is in meta-inf/certs . rsa but it can be in another file - unzip -l will tell you . you want to see what you can find out about it : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert  that is going to dump out a lot of information about who the signer claims to be . some certificates are apparently themselves signed by known parties , but without figuring out how to trace that , i suspect you could do something like this : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5 unzip -p knowngood.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5  if you have a known trusted apk from the same author who used the same certificate . i am assuming that the certificates having the same md5 sum is enough . assuming you have decided to trust the certificate , then you can see if it has been used to sign each of the files within the . apk jarsigner -verbose -verify suspect.apk  ( if there is more than one . rsa file in the archive , you should add the -certs flag to tell you which certificate ( s ) have been used to sign each file , so you can be sure its the certificate you verified )
the shell on android is placed in /system/bin/sh instead of the regular /bin/sh – i wonder where you’d see /sbin/sh which i’ve never encountered in the wild on any unix ( and violates the posix standard ) , but in this place you should just change the script/invocation involved . most commands are in the $PATH anyway , so calling them with explicit paths is not necessarily needed . that being said , android unix userland is very minimal – it didn’t even include a cat(1) implementation until recently – so you may be disappointed a bit . some people suggest using busybox on it . if you do , make sure to not replace the system shell , as android’s default mksh(1) is much more powerful than busybox’ ash . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
unlike a desktop gnu/linux system , android is not designed for command-line use , so it does not come with the full set of command-line programs that a gnu system would have . it only has the most basic commands ( like the ones you have already seen working ) , and android-specific utilities such as am , pm , bmgr . you can get access to the basic posix commands ( such as less and grep ) by installing busybox . there are several installers for it on google play . for any more specialist programs like make , you will need to find an android port of the particular program and install it .
you can not . the " international " version of the htc desire hd is not hardware compatible with t-mobile usa 's 3g frequency bands . the phone 's antennas support hspa on the 900 and 2100 mhz frequencies ( the north american gsm variants should work , though : source ) , and software settings will not have any effect on this . t-mobile 's 3g network uses : 850 mhz : acquired via a roaming agreement as part of the failed at and t merger 1700/2100 mhz aws : the device must support both of these frequencies to work because the 1700 band is used for uplink and the 2100 band is used for downlink . 1900 mhz as you can see , these do not line up ( excepting half of the aws band , which is not sufficient ) . you will need a new phone if you want 3g service . see can i use my device on a different carrier ? for suggestions on how to determine which phones will work .
try following these instructions : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 with your device plugged in 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 . from my answer here .
i have never seen such a file on ics . you could simply try to move the file to your pc and see if everything works . i think it is pretty safe to do so , because critical system files are usually not placed on the sd card .
i do not think it is normal> i had a similar issue on my samsung s2 . some people have reported that this was created by the generation of log files ( alog_* ) ; others from anr_history.txt . if you can root your device , you can safely delete these files . if you cannot root your device , then you need to factory restet the phone in order to wipe all the data .
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
jes today i root my samsung galaxy s4 mini with kingo root it works .
you can use apndroid to toggle your data on/off . alternatively , if you still want data and have a sim phone , you can force it use 2g only in the network settings .
you can activate the airplane mode to shutdown everything ( calls , wifi , etc ) , and then re-activate the gps . only the gps antenna will be activated . . . i think :d
this is possible with a free app called quick settings . you do not need to root your phone . you should know that if you turn off your data , you will not have real time set to the maps , but you will still be able to record your gps data . to get around that you can download offline maps app like maveric . ill add links to this answer later when i am not driving and using speech to text .
android has a " defaults"-system for handling predefined requests such as opening a url or pressing the home button . if you go into android 's System Settings -> Apps -> Android Download Manager and scroll down to " launch by default " , you should see a button to clear the defaults . the next time you open your chrome browser and tap on a url that has the &lt;a download=""&gt; property , a screen should pop up , asking you to choose which application to use for downloading .
i would expect mac to have no trouble mounting the usb storage when you connect the device over usb , but if it does you coukd try pdanet . you can also transfer files over bluetooth , wifi , etc ; please search for those solutions . as for syncing , we jeed to know what exactly you are trying to sync .
this is bit long , round about and bit approximate way . other than this method , i do not know any other way . in google maps , press menu , goto settings-> about-> map centre . the value showed as map center is the coordinate of the place at the centre of the screen . so , you may have to align the starred place to centre of the screen and do this sequence to get it is coordinates . this will only be as accurate as you can position the starred place at the centre . the accuracy can be improved by zooming in . it will be nice if somebody comes up with a better idea .
i have had the same problem . try downloading custom locale from the play store and you can select your language . do a reboot once you have changed the settings in the app and it will have reflected it in the device settings .
in a case of letmegooglethatforyou , i found the answer . turns out , it is a single byte on the phone that determines whether the phone is gsm locked or not . someone found this , and made a nice tutorial on how to flip this byte . the instructions look scarier than they really are . the detail is not because it is complicated , but because they show every single step . the hard part for me was prepping my windows box to be able to do this ; you need motorola drivers and the .netruntime for the motorola diagnostic/programming application .
if it is running standard firmware , you should go to Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Security &gt; Lock Screen &gt; Screen Lock &gt; None . for the galaxy tab , i would presume it would be something similar to that .
i had the same issue and just figured it out . go to Settings -&gt; Lock Screen, then un-check the box next to Lock instantly with Power key ( 5th from the top ) . disregard the other suggestions offered . this is all you have to do to turn it off .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
as dan suggested , you could simply remove the ap from your list of known networks . your device then would find it again , no problem – but it would no longer auto-connect to it until you do so once manually . and the latter point might be a little troublesome , in case you need that ap " from time to time " – as then you had also need to remove it manually each time you have used it . so if the latter is the case , you might wish to take a look at e.g. open wifi cleaner : removes open wifi networks from the saved networks list after disconnecting . notification reminders on connection/disconnection whitelist of open networks to keep settings saved using google android backup service with that app in use , and the ap in question not whitelisted , it would automatically be removed from your list of known networks whenever you decided to manually connect to it . simply whitelist other possible open aps you want to auto-connect to , so they would not be affected . another app with comparable functionality is wifi ap whitelist .
simply rooting your device will not cause ota updates to fail . changing any system files such as the kernel or installing the xposed framework will cause the update to fail as it will not be able to verify the files . i have rooted my nexus 5 and the 4.4 -> 4.4.1 update applied successfully . i did have to re-root though , which simply required re-flashing the superuser . zip .
if you root the device on the stock rom , it will still offer to do ota updates , but they will not work . ota updates only apply to a completely clean system image that has not been rooted . to apply an upgrade to your rooted device , you have to download the rom image from the official google site and follow the instructions there to flash it .
perhaps the easiest way to do this , would be to connect your galaxy nexus to your computer and use a 3rd-party tool to check the file system for errors . please bear in mind that using this method you will only be able to check the mountable storage , and only if your device is in usb mass storage mode . at current , i know of no way to check the internal partitions for errors - this does not mean there is not one , however . edit : even if you only have an internal sd card , then you should still be able to mount it as usb storage - something has to act as an sd card , for the camera app to function . something is mounted to /sdcard , and this is what is mounted when you enable usb mass storage . edit 2: ok , last but not least - do you have a recovery installed ? if so , you can use this flashable zip to do what you want . if not , then are you rooted ? you must be rooted to be able to this , as it would involve copying a binary to your system . edit 3: ok . this cannot be done while the device is turned on , in user mode , as the partitions must be unmounted to scan them . this is why that zip is that - a zip . if you cannot flash the zip , there is no other way unless you can find a way to unmount the filesystem 's when they are being used .
according to : android media process ( high cpu ) | alexus ' blog :
if you are looking for drivers that will allow you to connect your phone to the pc , you can install the universal naked drivers found on xda . this is compatible with windows xp . note : this driver is by 1wayjonny , and works with nexus 4 , nexus 10 , nexus q , and nexus s .
well , i got it working eventually when i realized that i have to unlock my phone before i connect it and all of a sudden it started working just fine . . . : )
in Settings -&gt; Applications , in the permissions section , tap on Show All and under Network Communication there should be Receive data from internet if the application has requested push ( gcm ) permission . tested on 4.1.2 , labels and positions may differ .
you could try greenify . it is an app for hibernating apps so that they do not take up a lot of resources ; thus , improving battery life . however , it also lists apps in a way that lets you see which ones support gcm .
this is not possible . the reboot command requires root access .
i had the same problem this morning . lookout reported this trojan , and it says it is part of google search enhanced . when i try to uninstall i get a message saying the uninstall failed . when i first searched for it there were no results on google . now there are several . so this seems to be a very new problem that people have started to see this morning . i ran a different antivirus and it found no problems . the phone has had no new apps installed for some time , so i am hoping this is a false positive from lookout .
the htmlviewer mentioned does not like spaces in the file name . rename the file with underscore or throw them out .
this is standard behaviour , however i think it may have been different in older versions of android/different rom 's . on all the apps on my device that use expanded notifications , only one seems to be expanded by default . there is ( most likely ) an option for developers to make it expanded by default , and this may have been recently disabled in the gmail application . as this is done at a program level , there would be no way to change it .
you are correct that app piracy in android is a problem , and it is a reason a lot of app developers have gone for a more in app purchase model , rather than selling their apps on the play market . you are also correct in your method - ripping an apk file off a rooted phone is trivial . google have recognised this and responded by added app encryption which will be available for any devices running jelly bean and over : app encryption starting with android 4.1 , google play will help protect application assets by encrypting all paid apps with a device-specific key before they are delivered and stored on a device . http://developer.android.com/about/versions/jelly-bean.html this means that each app will only be accessible by that device , so the work around you mentioned will not work . i am unsure about how this will affect devices running any os before gingerbread .
in addition to martyn 's answer on encryption . this might be a bit on the developer side , however , google offers application licensing : with google play licensing , your application can query google play at run time to obtain the licensing status for the current user , then allow or disallow further use as appropriate .
afaik the stock messages app always sends a sms unless you have added an attachment ( picture , video , audio ) , or if you are typing a very long message ( the latter depending on your settings ) . if there is an attachment the message will show the number of used kb instead of the number of remaining characters . that being said , you should check if the message centre number in your sms settings is correct . to check start the messages app , click Menu &gt; Setting , scroll down to the SMS Settings section . also on the same screen there is a setting that may convert long text messages automatically to mms , so you might want to turn that off .
these kind of snapshots are impossible without root access to the device . if that condition is met , simply follow-up to the backup tag-wiki , everything is described there already ( watch out for " nandroid" ) : nandroid usually is integrated with custom recoveries ( see also : recovery-menu ) . it creates images of all your device 's partition s . as your device is not in " operative mode " when this is done , this results in a " consistent system snapshot " as you describe in your question . those images can later be restored from within the very same recovery menu .
you should be able to use adb backup which is takes a complete backup of the phone . you will need to install the android sdk but this should allow you to backup the whole device backup there are a number of parameters you can supply but the simplest way to do a full backup is to run : adb backup -all -f C:\backup.ab more info can be found on this xda post which although it uses a galaxy nexus it should apply to any 4.0+ device restore with your device connected open your command prompt again , and type : adb restore C:\backup20111230.ab  replacing ' c:\backup20111230 . ab ' with the location of your backup file . you should see a screen like the one below : simply type in your current encryption password ( if you have set one ) , and the password with which the backup was encrypted ( if you chose to set a password ) , and the restore will begin . it again will take several minutes depending on the size of the backup and the options chosen .
ics and evernote both support " copy " functionality . highlight the text you want and then press the icon that looks like two overlapping pieces of paper ( circled in red ) : if this is missing then you may wan to provide a screenshot of what you see . although it is possible motorola removed the " copy " functionality from the system , i would find it somewhat unlikely ( and this forum post seems to indicate it does exist ) . also , the grid icon on the far left ( circled in blue ) is " select all " .
onenote for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.office.onenotehl=en hope i got you right - as my answer is . . . well . . . just tooooo obvious : )
here is a list of microsoft onenote alternatives on android : http://alternativeto.net/software/microsoft-onenote/?platform=android
evernote i consider evernote to be the closest alternative to onenote , available from google play store . for me , the biggest advantage of evernote , which even onenote doesn’t have , is the synchronization feature . key features : sync all of your notes across the computers and devices you use create and edit text notes , to-dos and task lists save , sync and share files search for text inside images organize notes by notebooks and tags email notes and save tweets to your evernote account connect evernote to other apps and products you use share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter screen shots ( android ) :
this is the download firmware mode . it can be used to upgrade official firmware via samsung 's own odin software ( or the 3rd party heimdall ( also here ) ) . it is also used to install a custom aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod . actually it allows more but installing firmware is the most common use .
the 1280x800 pixels count for the whole display , including the black bar for the buttons . google decided to stay flexible by moving physical buttons to the touch screen permanently . benefits : no capacitive buttons needed ( cheaper ? ) better user experience : rotating 90,180,270 degrees rotates also the virtual buttons less frame space ( the button 's space belongs to the screen now ) you can hide the buttons in full view ( e . g . , video playing ) maybe : avoid apples infamous rectangle with a single button tablet design patent
if you have a standard linux file system ( i.e. . , not fat32 ) on your sd card , you could create Soft Link of /data in /mnt/sdcard .
to furnish my thoughts , hacking on just the in-built media-scanner will not just suffice , as that requires rolling your own rom ! the reason being is that media-scanner is signed with a system certificate that is shared with the rom in question . and thus , that requires having the signed keys from the original rom in order to replace the in-built media-scanner . as to attempting to put mp3s in the /system/media/audio folder - why ? are we talking about album mp3s which can creep up to between 5-8mb in size ? or are we talking about ogg vorbis for ringtones/notifications ? the /system partition is limited in size depending on the manufacturer 's handset setup in terms of partition layouts . if the audio media is stored on the sdcard under the respective directory /sdcard/media/audio/Ringtones and /sdcard/media/audio/notifications , along with a uri ( uniform resource identifier ) pointing to the appropriate media declared as " external storage media " as in " mediastore . audio . media . external_content_uri " ( see the developer documentation on this ) , it will get picked up by android itself and will show under the settings > sounds , as ' phone ringtone ' or in ' notification ringtone ' . depending on the rom in itself , there may be a development tools called ' dev tools ' , in there , there is an activity which can trigger the invocation of the in-build media-scanner , this is in stock/vanilla aosp android .
edit : this is rendered obsolete with jelly bean . android 4.1+ has a unified /data/ and /sdcard section ( the sdcard partition is emulated and really resides in /data/media , it is exposed via a special fuse layer to emulate fat32 behaviour ) my thoughts on this : the media scanner scans everything below /mnt /data/* is protected , only individual apps can access their folder ( /data/data/ [ app 's package name ] ) to get it working the way you like : you need root ( obviously ) symlink /mnt/music to /data/data/your-music-location you can also do a bind-mount instead of a symlink : mount --bind /data/your-music-location /mnt/sdcard/your-music-location lift access rights accordingly ( chmod -r ugo+rw /data/data/your-music-location ) hope this works ( the scanner should scan the whole /mnt as there is also /mnt/emmc and such ) . if not , you can also bind-mount a /data/data/* folder to /mnt/sdcard/your-music ( as done with /mnt/sdcard/ . android_secure ( see the answer ) )
i was unable to resolve the issue through all types of hard/cold resets/reboots ( pwr+vol , pwr for 30 seconds , hard reset pin , etc ) , so i returned to amazon and received a working tablet today . it appears that mine was just doa .
gsmarena . com , just to point one site of this type , list almost all mobile phones known , with their technical specs . for you example galaxy s , here it is the dedicated page
here is a chart with most devices specs to help find the resolution . source matt : ) in a response on what-size-should-images-be-for-android-wallpaper ?
i do not believe there is a way , which is strange . maybe because it can not be changed they do not think we need to know ? you can install an app called " screen resolution " which will display your phones resolution if you really want to see it on your phone .
screen and system provides screen resolution ( pixels ) , pixel density ( dpi ) , screen metrics , height , width , and diagonal in centimeters and inches .
i think you cannot do it yet because the drivers do not support it . you can record audio on its own , though . usb audio recorder pro from the google play store may work for this purpose . if you search for it , the description contains a link that will allow you to download a demo version for testing . it definitely works with the blue yeti on nexus 7 as reported by the developer , and a number of other devices . note that it has to be usb audio recorder pro by extream software development ( to which i am not affiliated ) , and not usb audio recorder which is a different product . whereas this is not a full answer to your question , i hope it helps .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
yes . you can reinstall the os . there is a low level flash tool called heimdall ( or odin ) that can be used to reinstall the firmware or install aftermarket firmware onto the galaxy ace .
you can do that in kies , by updating to factory version from the update menu
do you have google voice itself set to pass through the phone number of the caller or do you have it set to show the google voice number ? if you currently have it set to show your google voice number instead of the callers number then change that setting . let me know if that is the case . if you already have that set then we can delve deeper . the setting in question is in the web version of google voice under settings - calls - caller id ( incoming ) .
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
i used touchdown ( 30-day trial , $19.99 ) before android had built in exchange and was very happy with it . i am now using the native client without many problems ( i am not very demanding of it ) , but i have heard many people mention that it is still worth buying over the native client because of the more advanced feature set . with the 30-day trial , no reason not to give it a try .
i recommend using the android emulator if you want to experiment with android without buying a device . liveandroid is not supported by google and it has not been updated in quite a while . it could be that your video card is not supported . i would also recommend using vmware player instead of virtualbox if you really want to use liveandroid .
i know this is late coming , but i designed a tool just for this purpose . i was having trouble with my droid , so i created this tool : realmb 's android certificate installer . i know it works with android 2.0 ( the os which runs on the droid ) , but i do not know for 1.5 or 1.6 . feel free to give it a try .
http://abtevrythng.blogspot.com/2010/06/adding-cer-certificates-on-your-android.html shows how to actually achieve this . worked fine for me . try it out .
for android 2.2 , the certificates ( without renaming or converting ) can be placed at the root of the sd card . to install : go to the settings/security menu , credential storage section . activate use secure credentials . click install from sd card . a menu will appear with the available certificates . click on each certificate to install . those certificates will then be available to the wifi system .
thanks to a pointer from pam , i waded through a number of potential solutions until i found one that seems to work : [ update ] although the steps appear to work , less than 24 hours later google now will automatically re-add your work address - even though you have not got it listed in google maps . from google now home screen tap your " menu " button to open the settings ( for my galaxy s3 its the far lower left button . ) tap " settings " and then turn google now to " off . " a confirmation box appears . check the button that says " also turn off location history . " click " turn off . " at the next screen , click " turn on " click " yes , i am in . " your " home " address should show as your current gps location . scroll down until you see a " magic wand " symbol in the lower right corner and tap it . click " places " ( it should show a #1 next to it . ) your home address should appear ( you can tap to edit this if not correct ) and " work " should be empty . you will have to re-enter any other personal settings but at least you can now edit your " work " location ( or just leave it blank )
try various steps mentioned in this discussion
strictly speaking , not really an odt editor , but google docs accepts odt and you can edit google docs on android . the file would have to be converted to google docs internal format then exported back to odt though .
opendocument reader is worth checking out . it will be really good but the save function does not work yet . they are still working on it so when that gets updated it will be far better than andropen as the interface is not cluttered so you can actually type on it easily ! you will be able to then save to dropbox , google drive , your email or where ever . . . update : not sure the programmers are ever going to fix it . they seem a bit odd .
currently there is not a single solution on android for editing odf files . but keep your heads up : the libreoffice team is working hard on an android version of the entire office suite ! though this is already " old news " , and has been heard about for at least half a year , the screenshots look very promising -- at least with a tablet in mind . which leaves us with the question : when libre office will be available for android smartphones ? if you read the information on the linked page ( which hopefully will be updated with more details when available ) , it very much looks like the standard debian answer : it is ready when it is ready .
there is andropen office andropen office is the world 's first port of openoffice for android . you can view , edit , export office documents using full features of the openoffice . andropen office has 6 components : writer ( a word processor ) calc ( spreadsheet ) impress ( presentation graphics ) draw ( drawing ) math ( equation editor ) base ( database ) * andropen office is forked project from the apache openoffice project . andropen office is not affiliated with the apache openoffice project .
a quick note , default app on android phone such as " qickoffice " should work . try opening the doc as ' open as ' then select quick office if available on your device .
zoho writer seems to support viewing and editing odt files ( only tested with a very simple document ) : . . . supports saving of documents in different formats like doc , docx , rtf , odt , txt , html and pdf though it seems to work awkwardly : can not directly open a file from disk , first step is importing the file . can not directly save file , must find a hidden " export " button first . google play reviewers have many strange bugs to report . after trying it for a few seconds i have noticed some strange redrawing issues .
as near as i can tell , you need to run " ip route add " as root . i do not have root , so i can not try it . but something like this should work : ip route add 192.168.42.0/24 dev rndis0 scope global proto kernel ip route add 192.168.43.0/24 dev wlan0 scope global proto kernel  you can use ip route show to show the current routing rules .
i got it done via iptables . first , open the terminal , run su , and type ip route show . this will show which interfaces are currently being used . in my case , i had wlan0 for the wireless hotspot and rndis0 for the usb tether . second , run the following iptables commands , replacing wlan0 and rndis0 with your actual interfaces : # iptables -I FORWARD -i rndis0 -o wlan0 -j ACCEPT # iptables -I FORWARD -i wlan0 -o rndis0 -j ACCEPT this will cause the phone to forward the traffic between the two computers . to revert back to normal settings , i simply restart my phone .
you can look into the logcat . open the logcat ( either in eclipse , or on cmd line- if the device is connected to your pc - or on your mobile itself , using any app which allows to view logcat ) . once logcat is available , launch the app - the log corresponding to " activitymanager " will display the activity started . it will usually be in the format : "Starting activity: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MAIN cat=[android.intent.category.LAUNCHER]..." . however technical this approach might be , this is - imho - the best way to achieve knowledge about the launching activity for any of the installed apps .
the best way seems to be to use apk extractor . you do not actually have to extract any apk , this app will display the qualified name for each installed app . this should cover all apps . if for some reason it can not find your app , look around on the sd card . if you are lucky , the app stores its data or settings in an folder that has the app 's qualified name somewhere in its path , like /mnt/sdcard/Android/data/net.sylark.apkextractor .
it is not as easy to revert to individual previous versions , but you can revert easily to the stock version that came with your phone . find gmail in " my apps " in the google play store tap uninstall tap ok to uninstall updates and revert to original
so i have had this same problem for the past month . there is a 1cm or so high deadzone that spans the width of my screen just about lower than the midway point from top to bottom . it is mostly always there , but some ( seemingly ) random times it goes away and all works well . my troubleshooting led me to this : if it is hardware , it is only because the software is telling it something it should not be . i am sure nothing is broken ( i.e. . , from being dropped , etc . ) something is wrong , for sure , but not broken per se . i took screen shots of temperature and voltage ( using cpu-z app ) trying to figure it out . i paid attention to when it happened and when it did not . i boiled it down to two possibilities : temperature and/or voltage ( i can explain how i came to this conclusion if you want . . . would take a bit more explanation ) . i charge my phone with the charger plugged into the wall typically . i live in asia so the voltage is a lot higher ( but within the appropriate range of the phone ) . yet , lately when i ! go to sleep , i plug my phone into my laptop to charge , rather than the wall . . . when i wake up the problem is not there . about 2 hours later or so the problem comes back . i tried this for a week ( charging my phone with my laptop ) and the problem is dissipating . as quickly as it escalated ( getting gradually worse ) it is now getting gradually better . try it and see if it works for you . at night when your phone is nearly dead , charge your phone with your usb port attached to your laptop . maybe it will help . i am still troubleshooting specifics to see if it is definitive . update : today , the day of writing this , i have not had the problem at all and it is been nearly 7 hours and the 3rd consecutive night of charging with usb on my laptop . update 2: happy new year ! i have been charging my nexus 4 with my laptop 's usb port since my original reply and the problem had disappeared . let me know if this works for anyone else ! nexus 4 - 4.4.2
as geohi said , i have this problem for a bit 2 months when i bought this nexus 4 . last night was the first night i put my phone to charge via usb . today i was super excited to see that my screen is fully functional . i will continue to charge it like this for few days to see what happens . no problems for about 9 hours so far . ¨ update : 4 days have been passed since my phone started to work well . screen problem did not reappear not even for 2 minutes since then : ) it is great !
i have the same issue , google support suggested waiting for the 4.4 android update to fix , else return for repair / replacement .
i also got d same prob . it is a hardware issue . i got the front touch panel replaced . it costs rs 5322 in mumbai . my phone was in warranty so got it for free . now issue is resolved . nothing changed in d software to solve the issue .
check your system configuration if it is 32-bit or 64-bit processor . download android sdk ( 32-bit or 64-bit ) and install it . also download eclipse ( 32-bit or 64-bit ) and install it .
the market on the emulator is a special case . it is also recommended you use a google account i.e. you are using username@hotmail . com change to use username@google . com to reset the account associated with the phone , either clear all google app 's cache or do a factory reset . as you are on an emulator just delete that one and create a new one .
you could replicate many sense features with 3rd-party apps such as launcher replacements , dialer/contact apps , various widgets , etc . however , you will likely lose the deep system integration of such apps . you will also most definitely lose the integration with the htc sense site .
as far as i know there is no dvd-player software for android . nothing that can emulate a dvd experience from a network ( or even local ) location . what are you needing from a full dvd experience that you cannot get by transcoding the movie to a portable format ? scene selection ? that is really just a way to visually access chapters in the movie . i have used handbrake to transcode my movies for my droid x2 while keeping the chapter markers . if you need things like different languages and subtitles , handbrake can include those as well into your mp4/m4v output .
that option does not give or take the ability to see other people callerid , it only let 's you choose whether the people you are calling see your callerid or not .
there are many people facing similar problem here , http://community.htc.com/na/htc-forums/android/f/107/t/12961.aspx?pageindex=3 the solutions they came up with was : use handcent sms app instead of stock sms app keep low number of messages in inbox delete read message waiting for gingerbread update which will fix it if i were you i would choose number 1 .
now , that is weird ! play some music or unplug the charger . try a different cable . try a different charger . i will not tell you to change your car , your stereo , or your phone , as those are expensive . but you can always try it out in someone else 's car , if that is an option . you have to narrow down the problem by using trial and error method .
after a lot of googling around , i found 2 possible solutions : hardware solution : kensington noise reducing aux audio cable - have not tried it myself . yet some guys at android central report it worked for them . software solution : aux noise filter app - tried it on my galaxy note . works like a charm .
i ended up using this free app : http://code.google.com/p/lockenabler/ and with smart bar i was able to set the camera button as a shortcut . my cam button now turns off the screen on a long press .
there was an app reviewed by " android guys " yesterday call screen off , unfortunately its not free and costs 99 cents , here is the link
the stock browser has no plug-in functionality . until it is added you will likely never see 1password/lastpass integration in the stock browser . speaking of the lastpass : it is similar to 1password and uses dolphin 's plug-in system very well .
tap the yellow " autologin " button to have 1password take you to the web site and fill the login form . to use only a pin , adjust 1password 's security settings : bring up the application 's options and tap more > application preferences > application protection , then tick the " use pin code " box .
i had the same problem as op flashing to 4.4.3 on a nexus 7 16gb ( 2012 ) . my total storage as reported by the storage module of the settings app was like 6gb and running df from busybox/adb was reporting the same . this is clearly a partition table problem and not hidden files or anything else . i think that the problem was caused by several failed/aborted flashes that i did . i was able to fix it by reflashing from adb . in other words , i downloaded the latest image , decompressed it , and ran the flash_all.sh script . ( of course after running adb reboot-bootloader ) . for the record , i did not have to change the commands to fastboot format X . it would be nice to understand this problem better but for the time being , going from ~6gb to > 13gb of usable space is quite a relief .
i had the same issue on my n7 . the answer for me was to lock the boot loader , then unlock it again . hope this helps and saves some time instead of flashing the entire os .
if you download an external file viewer , root explorer , oi file manager . ect . then go to dcim on the phone or external sd card and there most likely is a file that is unknown when you click it and usually has several hundreds of megabytes take up on it , you can just delete it , also , it shoulf say thumb data
for that , you had need a local dns server on your local network , which gets updated by the dhcp server assigning the ip to that machine ( many routers offer this feature ) . you can then tell your android device to use that dns as primary when connected to your wifi network , while leaving the secondary as-is ( so the latter would still resolve everything outside your network ) . this option is located in the wifi apn settings : long-press the entry for your home wifi , select to edit it , enable " advanced options " .
toggling " sync " on/off does what i need - blocks email update ( even pushed updates ) yet still allows in my sms for emergencies to get through .
i am sure this is not exactly the answer you are looking for , but this could solve your problem : if your nexus works fine otherwise , why do not you just plug a mouse and keyboard ( via usb otg or bluetooth ) and pretend your nexus does not have touch screen ? anything , including allowing usb debugging would work as the mouse cursor is even usable when your phone is locked .
based on linux , android supports the addgroup and adduser commands ( i just checked on one of my devices , and the command exists ) . i am not sure whether it supports the full set of options available on linux , but what should work is at least # create a new group addgroup [--gid ID] group # add a user (app) to that group adduser &lt;user&gt; &lt;group&gt;  from the adduser man page : if called with two non-option arguments , adduser will add an existing user to an existing group .
after doing a bit of research , i have reduced it down to this : GSM and CDMA = 2G EDGE (E) = 2.5G WCDMA and EVDO = 3G HSPA (H) = 3.5G HSPA+ (H+) = 3.75G LTE = 4G  gsm and cdma are competing technologies , as well as wcdma and evdo . contrary to what you had think , wcdma is an evolution of gsm , while evdo is an evolution of cdma , which is why a carrier or device will support either gsm/wcdma or cdma/evdo , but not cdma/wcdma or gsm/evdo . edge is an enhancement of the gsm protocol , while hspa/hspa+ are enhancements of the wcdma protocol . i am by no means , and am in no way claiming to be an expert on this . i had a bit of trouble finding any single source that gave a short , high-level rundown on the topic , so i figured i might as well share my findings . if i have made any errors , feel free to comment or suggest an edit .
i have probably found the solution : run the following command as root setprop persist.sys.usb.config adb  and reboot the phone . now my phone does not show an " usb connection " notification and " android file transfer " ( an mtp implementation for macos ) does not see the phone . in the same time adb works fine .
i do not use this lookout app , so i cannot tell you whether it has this hint somewhere . but i can give you some clues how to " rule out innocent apps " , so you do not have to " remove all applications " . with some luck , this filtering leaves only a few candidates . first indicator you gave : it happens whenever i connect to wi-fi/3g . so it has to be a ) an app with " some wifi permission " , which also listens to the " network changed " broadcast ( to put it in easy words ) . so first let 's check for apps with matching permissions : guardian droid and permission explorer ( source : google play ) two helpful apps for this are guardian droid and permission explorer , as shown in the screenshots . they help you identify apps by permissions ( and also apps with excessive permissions ) . taking the permission explorer screenshot as a base here , your suspect app should be in one ( or more ) of the following groups : internet , access_network_state . most likely in both : it needs to know when internet is accessible ( so it is interested in the network state ) , and most likely wants to access it ( internet ) . with this check , you will have ruled out some apps already . probably not enough , as many/most apps will have the internet permission even when not requiring it themselves – to load ads . so the next step is to check which of the filtered apps are listening to the " network state changed " broadcast ( an indicator that your suspect does this is that the alert is triggered immediately when wifi was connected , if i understood you correctly ) . s2 apk viewer and app detective ( source : google play ) for this we take a look at s2 apk viewer and app detective . both of them allow to browse the manifest of your .apks ( apps ) . watch out for &lt;receiver&gt;s , which declare what broadcasts an app is interested in . by these steps , you will not end up with the single candidate , but rather with several . but at least you do not have to check them all . as a broadcast listener can alternatively be declared dynamically by code ( instead of in the manifest ) , our friend might not be listed in the " reduced set " having applied all filters , but must be amongst those left over by the first ( permission ) scan . whilest not completely solving your issue , i hope this at least helped narrowing down candidates to an acceptable level . as it turns out in this case , it still leaves ~200 candidates to check . so let me suggest something i should have thought of from the beginning : investigating android 's logs . there are multiple ways to do this , like using dedicated apps ( catlog , gemini logcat , and logcat extreme are good examples ) , or doing it via adb logcat ( requires adb to be setup on your computer , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . if something raises a security notification , it should show up in the logs at least as warning ( so you can restrict your investigation to this loglevel and higher ones ) . most of the logcat apps let you setup filters via their gui . for the command line tool , you can take a look at its help page . moreover , there is a nice article on " adb logcat " command arguments - output filters , which should be quite useful here . start the logcat viewer . if possible , clear " past entries " from the output , or set a mark ( if the app offers this ) . after that , connect to wifi . as soon as the warning pops up , stop log recording ( or set the " end mark" ) . now investigate the recorded lines . i am positive this leaves much less than ~200 candidates – and would not even be surprised you had end up with an exact hit .
i have a galaxy s4 , i went to the settings , clicked more , then clicked security , then the section that says security update service i only checked the via wi-fi only box , clicked the home screen , turned off my wifi , turned it back on , clicked that security message that was on the notification bar , an update option came up , i clicked the update , agreed to the terms and conditions and now it never shows up for me anymore ! ! i also unchecked the via wi-fi only box after it updated just for my preference but i do not think its needed
it should be located at /data/app/ . you can access that directly if you have root . if not , you will have to use adb pull . for example : adb pull /data/app/myapp . apk c:\backup\myapp . apk more info on adb : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html
if you know the installed file name of the apk ( which on some devices may be myapp-1 . apk or myapp-2 . apk rather than just myapp . apk ) you can directly access that as an ordinary user including the one adb runs as on a secured device , so you should be able to adb pull it . but if you do not know the installed apk name , you cannot browse the /data/app directory without being root or aid_system . it might be worth just guessing at the installed name - try it plain , try it with the -1 . apk , and the -2 . apk , etc . there may be another way : i believe the following will work on a secured device but do not have one in front of me at the moment to test it . edit : new idea for determining exact apk file name 1 ) adb pull /data/system/packages . xml 2 ) look through it for your application 's codepath entry 3 ) adb pull that edit : with regard to the old idea below , matthew discovered that while the per-process files under /proc have read permission on a secured device , they are empty when read by an unprivileged uid other than that of their owner . so this will not work . 1 ) get your app running . you will also need a machine with adb . 2 ) type adb shell ps  and look for the line with your app 's name : app_1 11959 907 112984 27580 ffffffff afd0c5bc S com.clevername.myapp  3 ) take the number in the second column which is the process id , and view it is virtual memory map , in this case i would type adb shell cat /proc/11959/maps  and look for a line where it has mapped its own apk file into memory 43e9c000-43ea3000 r--s 001f4000 b3:06 15393 /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk  4 ) that is the file name you would need to adb pull adb pull /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk .  examination of the directory permissions in /proc suggests this should work for an unprivileged user , my apologies if it does not . if you are familiar with the usage of ' grep ' you can use that to avoid manually scanning the output . addendum : i am not really sure what the story on apps installed to the sd card is .
it cannot be done . usb devices interact with your android phone through a protocol known as usb on-the-go ( usb-otg for short ) . this protocol has to be implemented in the software ( kernel ) level on supported hardware . unfortunately , the galaxy core does not have this protocol available .
usb-otg is seemingly not supported according to the specs over at gsmarena 's galaxy core page . in contrast , see the sgs4 , which offers usb on-the-go .
your device does not support otg . download the below app and check for yourself . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.homesoft.otgtroubshooter the app . detects and offers solutions to issues around usb host and otg cables . it is designed for the nexus series , but should work with any android device . this app . does not offer support for usb devices . it simply detects whether they can be supported . it also detects certain android bugs that may be affecting your system .
you need to make sure to ask the right questions . here are a few calender ( remind me of the meeting coming friday ) or ( set a reminder this friday ) alarm ( set alarm at 540 am ) call someone ( can you please call bob ) text someone ( send a text to bob ) search nearby ( find me a nearby coffee shop ) play music ( play the song rolling in the deep ) ask movie reviews ( should i watch the movie mission impossible ) watch videos ( show me a video of cat singing ) find news ( what is the news about sopa ) these are just a couple of the commands available .
from what i have seen , iris is not supposed to be a competitor for siri , but rather just a ( mostly ) joke app that just tries to replicate some of siri 's snarkiness . it is for laughs , not productivity . if you do want to be productive with voice commands , there are some options . vlingo and speaktoit assistant spring immediately to mind . there are others . this might be helpful : lifehacker : how to get a personal assistant like siri on your android phone for free
settings> security> device administrators and you disables all administrators
this turned out to be a red herring for me . i just had to enter my password one last time to get rid of the lock screen . i had not pushed on an unlocked door . so go to settings-> security-> lock screen enter password
there is indeed a way to remove the lock screen while keeping the certificate : set a pattern lock and try to unlock the phone with a " bad pattern " for 5-10 times , it will show you an error message , now select " forgot pattern ? " and enter your gmail/password . after these steps the screen lock will be removed without removing the certificate . "
go to settings and go to more , which is below data usage option . then go to vpn and delete all vpns ( jus clear it all ) . it is that which is blocking that screen lock setting .
just delete all vpn profile . . it should fix ur problem
i just had that same issue today . go to Settings , and make sure you have removed foxfi as an administrator . go to Trusted credentials &gt; User &gt; and remove Foxfi . then go back into Settings &gt; Security &gt; and Clear credentials . it'll let you change the lock code then ! : )
same thing happened to me . all you have to do is go to " security " then go all the way down to " credential storage " then clear all credentials . than you can go back and it is all done .
you should be able to turn off the lock screen security somewhere in settings> security> screen lock and then change it to none or just a simple slide to unlock or whatever you want . this is how you get to it on my s3 , but yours should be similar no matter what phone you have . to fix your other issue , also in the security tab on my phone , there should be a tab called " device administrators . " when you go into this tab , it allows you to check and uncheck which apps have access . if you uncheck the app that is preventing you from changing this , it might solve your problem .
there is a simple solution to this one . first of all change password lock to pattern lock . then enter wrong pattern 5 times . you will see forgot password . click that and enter account details . then a screen will appear saying to change the lock type . simply hit the back button and it will be automatically set to none .
resolved solution , please check the below thread : http://control-search.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=1
sounds to me like you only have one " image chooser " app installed , and you would need to install another . i know es file explorer registers itself as one , so if you install that maybe it will show up in the menu and then you can use it to browse to your icons .
i can tell from my own experience . my father 's renault scenic got a integrated bluetooth module built in . i could successfully pair an iphone and control the music through the car 's radio controls . i think the radio 's display even showed the track title . with my new xperia mini pro i can also successfully pair with the radio but it is not possible to control the the music tracks through the radio 's controls . also the track names do not display . i need manually select the music track on the phone .
if the car unit support the a2dp and avrcp bluetooth profiles , it should be able to control your android music player app ; both my droid ( froyo 2.2.2 ) and my bionic ( gingerbread 2.3 ) honor the play/pause and forward/back controls on my sony mw600 headset . the android 2.3 compatibility definition states : 7.4.3 . bluetooth device implementations should include a bluetooth transceiver . device implementations that do include a bluetooth transceiver must enable the rfcomm-based bluetooth api as described in the sdk documentation [ resources , 32 ] . device implementations should implement relevant bluetooth profiles , such as a2dp , avrcp , obex , etc . as appropriate for the device . a2dp provides for streaming stereo content , avrcp provides for remote control support . wikipedia entry for bluetooth
kenwood just released head units compatible with android . the kdc-252 is the cheap model
the car audios which advertises compatibility with ipod/iphone ( ipod direct control ) are not compatible with android . if the head units are compatible with android , they will advertise it in features . i am writing this from personal experience . while connecting my galaxy s2 to my pioneer x3590ui the system displays unsupported or no audio ( in media device mode ) . if you switch the usb connection to mass storage mode , the system can detect the phone as a usb storage and can start playing media files on phone 's mass storage or sd card . i am mentioning about the music compatibility through usb . but if you have a unit with bluetooth , you can control music or even make calls on your phone with the head unit .
unfortunately , there currently are not any decks that allow you to control the music ( skip songs/albums/etc ) from the deck . you will need to do that on your phone . however you can stream the music from your phone to the deck so it plays through the car speakers over bluetooth ( with compatible devices ) or by using a direct audio cord . here 's an article that talks a little more about it : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/57050-android-ready-car-deck.html @matthew it depends on what kind of music files you have , typically bluetooth streaming is not extremely lossy , but if you are using flac or wav files there may be some loss ( nothing noticeable ) mp3s would stream at full quality though , no matter how you do it , bt should suit you just fine @matthewread what kind of deck does your dad have ? if you can find a deck that can control the android music player i would love to see it becausei looked high and low for one before i installed my system last winter
i suspect the android phone will just mount as a mass-storage device and play audio on the unit itself . the reason a lot of headunits state that they can control ipods , is because it is not as straight forward as treating an ipod as a mass-storage device because the files are encrypted and the device may not even be formatted as a fat formatted device . therefore , the easiest ( only ? ) method for the headunit manufacturers to access the music on an ipod is to implement the control protocol via the ipod connector .
download media converter on google play and its plugin . put those videos into the media converter and convert them them to either mp4 or 3gp . your videos will play straight away . there are 2 reasons why videos would not play on your device . 1 . unsupported format 2 . file size is at 0 . before conversion nake sure sure your files are not at 0 .
wait for the next update , or download vlc player in the meantime .
i had this problem with videos that used to play and then simply do not anymore . it is not your video player or the video format , its something screwy with android 's file system . solution : download rescan media app from google play store . install and run , but do not enable the auto-close feature ; just run it then minimize . your files should play now .
one reason video may not play is because the bluetooth is enabled . disable bluetooth and video should play again .
! discovered mp4 videos from an external sources sometimes have too high of resolution . you need a converter ( many free versions on-line ) to reduce the size to an acceptable size .
cyanogenmod does not officially support the epic 4g touch ( sph-d710 ) phone . your best bet would be finding an unofficial port over at xda-developers forums . from the looks of it , jelly bean 4.2.2 and 4.3.1 are the latest versions of custom roms that are available . these are not pure cm though . details and installation instructions at the links .
first off you will need to root your tablet . this is relatively easy , especially with the galaxy because it is so popular . head on over to the xda forums (www.xda-developers.com) and navigate to the galaxy 10.1 section . this youtube video also will do it for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krqdp7xylwg be careful . follow the steps exactly . you do not want to brick your device . after that , you will have clockworkmod . so first things first : zip up your kernel , then copy it to your device . most of the time , tablets require sd-cards in order to install things from recovery , so pop in an sd-card and copy the zipped folder here . then , reboot into recovery ( turn device off , then hold up volume button and power at the same time ) . you will want to wipe your cache partition and davlik cache first . once this is done , go to install zip from sd-card , find your folder with the kernel , and that is it ! before you do this , do a backup of your current system , just in case your kernel really messes up your device . hope this helps !
it could be because chrome for android does not support flash : chrome for android will not be supporting flash . as you may have seen in november , 2011 , adobe announced it has stopped investing in flash for mobile browsing . google has long been committed to making the web platform more powerful through open web technologies like html5 and is working with adobe and other partners to further advance the web standard .
i doubt this is a software issue but moreso a hardware issue . consider the following , newer phones typically have : bigger screens more antennas ( wifi n , 4g , nfc , etc . ) more sensors ( this includes cameras ) either more or more advanced of what is mentioned above . this comes at a cost , as each draws its own amperage . while it may be minuscule in an isolated system , when combined together these features present a non-negligible drain on the battery . and , while newer batteries will perform great , over time the battery will not hold the same charge as it once did , this is not a limitation of the phone but battery technology in general . i am specifically talking about lithium ion batteries right now , b/c that is the most common battery in phones today . while there are things you can do to mitigate the problem , such as staying in airplane mode throughout the day or buying power management apps for your phone , downgrading your os likely will not help much . if anything , it will provide old power management code , as well as no support for newer hardware . custom roms are a different story , and are not created equal . some may have modified code to provide better battery life , some may be performance focused and not taken battery life into account . some phones also have extended batteries available for them . i can not speak firsthand to their effectiveness , but i obtained one for my dell laptop and it made a huge difference . some people are reluctant to this approach because it changes the weight and/or profile of the phone , however one must weigh that against having it tethered to a charger all day as well .
as far as i know the reason for battery drain in your phone is because you are installing cyanogen roms and not stock roms or stock based roms . even the hardware or the chipsets of your phone is old . the android undergone many major changes from 2.1 to current 4.4.2 . the hardware or chipsets in newer phone were designed to consume less power than the older phones . in the os part newer android os were designed to consume less power . a stock ics installed phone consume less battery than the stock gb installed on the same phone . but however the battery drainage depends on the individual who use the phone . the custom roms based on the stock rom has more optimization than the cyanogen mod based . the cyanogen roms were mainly made to taste the newer android version in your phone as soon as the newer android version is released . these roms will have some bugs . on the other hand the custom roms based on the stock roms have greater optimization with less crapwares and few mods for better performance . no , the above points explain this that the newer android os has better battery performance . tl ; dr : in terms of battery performance : kitkat> jellybean> ics> gingerbread> froyo
yes , preloading has been removed from version 5.6 ( and above ) . to make way for some upcoming mobile features , we removed the preloading feature on the youtube app for android . we apologize for any inconvenience , and we look forward to bringing these new features to you .
android sends a request to http://clients3.google.com/generate_204 , and it expects a 204 response ( the http code for " no content" ) .
mtp might not be reliable enough for that . several approaches i can offer : using on-board capabilities via adb this requires adb tools being available on your computer ( see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to meet this ) . now let 's see how to get the files over . open a command prompt , and ( optionally ) switch to the directory your adb executable is in make sure usb-debugging is activated on your device connect your device via usb assuming your sdcard is mounted/available as /sdcard on your device , let 's copy it with its contents : adb pull /sdcard /home/chris/android/sdcard  just adjust the path to your needs ; ) using an app with a more user-friendly gui i use foldersync to keep several directories backed-up . the big pro of this approach is : even if your device hard-crashes one day , you still have a quite up-to-date backup of all files on your computer . foldersync : main screen , folder pairs ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) foldersync supports a lot of services and protocols – not only cloud storage . you can easily use it with windows shares ( aka samba aka smb ) , or via scp on linux , or ftp with any server , amongst others . simply define folder pairs ( which directory on your device shall be kept in sync with which remote directory ) , and setup a schedule ( e . g . whenever connected to your home wifi , at 3 am ) , and there you go . with the pro version ( which i use ) you can even set it to " manual only " , and trigger it via tasker . of course , you also can set it to " manual " , and then initiate the transfer whenever you find it useful . being a " sync tool " , it will always only copy those files needing to be copied – if the same file exists on both ends with the same content and timestamp , it does not need to be copied again ; ) other options plenty of them . more sync tools . or a remote manager like airdroid . or using a file manager with remote capabilities , like es file explorer . just to give you some ideas ; )
contacts on sim-card are very limited -- so they e.g. can only store one phone number . your phones / google contacts , however , use a much enriched format , where you can store additional information like multiple phone numbers and even pictures . naturally , both formats are not 100 compatible . when exporting your contacts to sim , information must be cut down to fit that format . that was when you lost your additional information . so no way to get that back -- it was gone the moment you overwrote your data doing that import . the only chance left is using " forensics methods " -- in the hope the " deleted " data has not yet fully been overwritten . however , that would require root access to the device : you need to locate the contacts database ( it is most likely named contact2.db , and will probably be located below /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/ -- the location might be different with some devices ( e . g . motorola uses a different provider for this ) . you could copy the databases from this directory to your pc , and investigate deleted entries with a hex editor -- but that is no easy job for someone not used to it . . . i know it is too late now for that -- but it might help you next time : to backup/restore your contacts , the contacts app offers an export to vcard format ( .vcf ) which it of course also can read back . this way all information is kept .
keep in mind that creating a copy of your data and destroying the original data is a not a backup , just a transport action . create a copy of you data on another device/usb stick from your phone and use the move command . this will create another ' copy ' and essentially makes sure you did not forgot anything to move . moving the data also ' deletes ' is from the original device . ( better save then sorry ) now make a list of all things you do not want them to get and make sure they are deleted/removed . after this execute a factory data reset ( from settings or boot menu ) and check you phone if its really clean .
keeping the microsd is probably the main thing , so since that is the plan already it is just the phone to go . i could not swear to this , but i used it when selling my g1: uninstall everything - except astro file browser or similar use astro to wipe out any app related folders remove astro use the " factory data reset " ( on 2.2 its under privacy ) power up and check it is greeting you as a new user power off remove sim card power up and check it does even less power off and send
as i understand it , factory reset only " deletes " user specific files and databases . they still could be recovered if not overwritten at least once . also internal android flash memory is partitioned into several areas with independent file system . some of these partitions are not directly writable . i would do the following : 1 . make a factory reset . 2 . install as many apps as possible to overwrite almost all of the data blocks in the " data " partition . 3 . make another factory reset . if there were a stock rom to overwrite the currently installed rom , i would reinstall that rom , too .
perform a factory reset then write to the memory and reset again . this is the best way i have found to prevent data remnance . i was aware that with a magnetic based drive there is almost always data remnanace . i believe the standard to effectively erase info on a magnetic drive is erasing and re-writing over the drive 7-20 times ( do not quote me on those number ) . i was under the impression that once you erased data from flash storage it was gone for good but recalled the story of a woman finding porn on her refurbished evo . so , i asked about data remnance at superuser on flash memory and found that data sometimes can remain after it is deleted . the recommendation there was : formatting , writing to the memory and formatting again . to format , as the answers above suggested , i performed a factory reset . this can be done one of two ways on the droid : go to the " settings " menu , choose " privacy " then choose " factory data reset " do a hard reset ultimately i just did the factory reset because i was too lazy to load the system memory up and i suspect that 99.99% the factory reset is sufficient , but it is good to know what the risks are .
no . you can however , try to restore parts of it using titanium backup . it allows you to select apps to restore - that way you can get back the data .
no there is no feature in google play music that lets you delete songs you do not listen to . afaik there is no app that does the same too .
hmmm . . . an update for gmail was waiting on play . i installed it and everything works fine , now . did i need the update to make it work properly ( after an update on google 's servers , or after the last update of my system , for example ) , or was the update a convenient way to restart gmail properly ? i do not know .
i am charging the device regularly and checked with a system monitoring app the temperatures , that i reached . it was never more than 33 degree celsius , while charging or after charging , still laying on the charger . this is to be considered a completely normal temperature . just today i was out with the tablet on the sun and i reached more than 40 degree celsius , just because of the sun , so i would not really consider charging with qi an issue .
i had an issue with something similar a few years back - and i believe this thread helped ( see lynx 's post about halfway down ) . ( i know it is a bit old - but i remember it being very helpful ) . i believe the certificate also needs to be very generically titled " certificate . p12" or something like that ( if i recall correctly ) . make sure it is in the root of your sd card and that you are trying to install from settings > > security > > install from sd card . you can also try and use this tool ( not sure how secure it is - but it might help ) .
using a file manager tool , it seems that you could double click the . p12 file and it would open in the default browser and prompt you for the certificate key password . if this does not occur , it could be that you changed the default browser on the system and that new browser does not know how to read and prompt the cert password ?
there are some available from google play store . excluding the ones you have mentioned , this two i have used , and they worked very well : music pump daap player by android music pump : music pump is a feature rich android daap client that lets you to stream and sync music from your pc or nas to your android device . all you need is a daap server . remote for soundbridge by martin kompf : connect to different music servers including upnp , daap , and internet radio . browse playlists , artists , composers , albums , songs , genres , and folders at music server .
you have lots of options . the easiest would be just to turn on your wifi and download the latest carrier-supplied update to your sd card and update your phone that way ( assuming that for some reason the ota update is not working ) .
note : please be sure with what kind of application you are going to dis-able as disabling a wrong app ( factory app like keyboard will not display keyboard ) could cause your phone to miss-function ( not able to enable the mobile data etc . ) so please proceed with caution as you see that google has some pre-installed apps which are loaded on the phone at the time of purchase like google maps , google play music , google drive , google chrome etc . ( let 's say google play music is the most unwanted app you want to disable ) . you can do it very easily just follow these steps carefully . step 1 :go to settings> application manager . step 2 :you will have three side scroll options under the application manager . - downloaded : it will list the apps which you have downloaded from the play store or any third party apps . - running :it will list the apps which are presently running on your phone in the background . -all :this will list all the apps i.e. the installed apps from the play store , running apps on your device , stock apps from google . step 3 :choose the all option by scrolling to the extreme right/left . step 4 :choose the app which you want to disable . ( say google play music . ) step 5 :after selecting the desired app you will have some options like force stop . disable . clear app data . step 6 :choose clear app data to remove any data stored by the application . step 7 :choose force stop to stop the application from running . step 8 :choose the disable option to disable it from running again ( it will be in your phone but will not be displayed under the menu ) . step 9 :after selecting the disable option your app which you have disabled should appear in the bottom of the all screen . ( say you disabled play music then play music will appear in the bottom of you all list apps along with a disabled displayed to the right ) . also in the play store under all apps the application will be displayed at the last with the same disabled next to it . after doing all the above 9 steps correctly and in order your disabled application will not be enabled automatically and will not show any updates to you as it has been disabled permanently . also if you choose auto update application even then your application will not be updated .
there is no way to disable an app for some users of a device but not others ; it is possible to freeze an app using a third party program ( ie , disable it by changing it is permissions so it can not run ) but that will disable it for all users . android apps and services do not distinguish between physical users of a device - they all run using a single logical device user account . that being said , depending on what exactly you are looking for it may be sufficient to disable data synchronization for a specific google account in the settings . in android 4.4.0 , this would be under settings-> general-> accounts-> google-> [ account name ] , which will bring up a checklist of services for which data syncing can be disabled .
i think that you visited malicious web page or your phone received malicious text message containing the factory reset maintenance code which does not ask for confirmation . http://www.androidcentral.com/major-security-vulnerability-samsung-phones-could-trigger-factory-reset-web-browser is the first link which i find quickly googling for it .
it sounds like your phone 's internal memory may be physically damaged or suffering from severe corruption ( such as many bad blocks ) . if that is the case , it may be mounting the system as read only which would prevent you from downloading and installing apps . if it is still under warranty , you should probably exchange it for a new one .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/samsung_galaxy_s_plus/gt-i9001 this might help , it might not . do let us know .
you want to monitor any apps that use data in the background . it is hard to say which ones because there are so many and i have no idea what you have installed . i recommend installing two apps to help you monitor and control your data so you do not go over : phone usage - this app allows you to monitor how much data you are using and set daily , weekly and monthly limits ( it does this for voice and text too ) and it will notify you when you go over the limits . there are a number of others like this , some will tell you when you are getting close , other put a widget on your homescreen to show your data usage . i test a couple out to see which ones work best with your phone . quick settings - this app will allow you to manually control your data . with it you can turn off/on auto-syncing . you can also toggle the apn so you it turns off all 3g data without affecting the phone or wifi , so you can still get auto updates when you are connected to wifi but only use 3g data when you choose to . finally , if you really want to take control of things you can get tasker and set different rules about when you use wifi and when you use 3g and what apps are allowed to sync . . .
droidwall is an application ( for rooted phones ) that will let you select which applications are allowed to use which data networks ( wifi vs . cellular/2g/3g/4g ) . you can use it to make sure that certain applications always have data access when needed and restrict other applications to wifi ( or even no acess ) .
if you can debug your application written in eclipse in your phone , i guess you have already enabled usb debugging . moborobo pc suite can transfer files from your phone including applications with data and it needs usb debugging to be enabled . in the app manager , right click on the app and there will be export option . there you can save your app into your pc .
you can pull the apk from the android device using adb pull . adb shell pm list packages this will list the package name for all the apks . see the package name of your app . the app name may vary from the package name . it will be mostly in /data/app if not get the path using adb shell pm path com.the app you need to.transfer 2 a . adb pull /data/app/com.the app you need to.transfer.apk . this will transfer the apk from whichever drive you executed . Eg: D: ( or ) 2 . b . adb backup -apk com.the app you need to .transfer this will create backup . ab . you can make it a tar and extract using winrar dd if=backup.ab bs=24 skip=1 | openssl zlib -d &gt; backup.tar  if there is no zlib support you can try dd if=data.ab bs=1 skip=24 | python -c "import zlib,sys;sys.stdout.write(zlib.decompress(sys.stdin.read()))" | tar -xvf -  note : dont setup a password for encrypt backup
try disconnecting the call before the other side hangs up . i have noticed a similar behavior in ics 4.0 , where if i disconnect the call first the phone does not lock .
this is a general problem with all android phones . best way to solve this problem is On Call End program . it provides user to select following actions to take after a call : do nothing go to phone home screen go to phone dialer vibrate show a toast message with the call duration . outgoing call duration includes the ringing time . you can install On Call End from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brosix.callendhl=tr
the android market has an included content filter , which should filter most of these apps . ratings are everyone low maturity medium maturity high maturity android 2.3 and lower open android market . press menu and touch settings . touch ‘select filtering level’ and choose your desired setting . to lock the settings , touch the lock icon and enter a pin code . android 3.0 and higher open android market . press menu on the upper right corner . touch ‘app content filter’ and choose your desired setting . to lock the settings , touch the lock icon and enter a pin code . source
apps in the market should be pre-rated for their " maturity level " . if you go into the market app and then into its settings , you should have a content filtering option . taking the tick out of " high maturity " should remove all " adult-only " apps from your view of the market . see this google help article for more info : application content ratings
your google profile picture and your google+ account can have different pictures . i am sure most other google apps probably use the google profile picture . make sure they are the same .
i found the workaround using the google talk app : open google talk ; click on your user profile thumbnail ; click on the profile picture and select change ; browse for the picture and select it . after a while with sync option on , then the updated picture is shown on other apps .
according to this android forum post the sdutil app on the phone can be used enable " usb mass storage " mode on the device . this can be run through adb as : adb shell sdutil ums enable  however , it seems like this only works on older version of android ( circa 2010 ? ) , on my device ( which is not rooted ) , sdutil is not available ( or is hidden somewhere i cannot see like /sbin or /system/sbin ) .
look , i got tired of searching how to mount the drive automaticaly in ums mode , and the solution above is right . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/lm-2/gadget/lun0/file  search for the correct file /sys/device in your system . this way i can use tasker to auto-mount my device whe a usb connection is detected .
this app is designed to mount your phone as soon as it is plugged in . it seems to do your missing step . alternatively , this command ( found from this forum ) can be run on the phone ( ex . adb shell ) to turn on disk mode . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/lun0/file edit : this only appears to work in recovery . auto mount app
check out the playstore . while the " official " dropbox app might be too much for them ( forgive them , they are just managers ) , there are others where you can define folders to be automatically synchronized . take e.g. a look at dropsync or foldersync . create a dropbox account to share for this purpose , and configure that on all affected devices -- and your problem should be solved .
the setting you are looking for is , most likely , found in settings &rarr ; development ( might be called " developer options" ; i know on some roms this option is initially hidden -- but if it is hidden in your case , it would be funny how that cpu overlay was activated ) . scroll down a bit there , and you should find the " monitoring " section -- where you probably checked to " show cpu load " . as the screenshots show , the settings item is sometimes called " development " and on other roms ( here : nexus ) " developer options " . simply check for something similar -- not sure if some manufacturer decided for a third term ; )
oh dear , the moment i offer a bounty on this question , i bump into the solution myself . cyanogenmod has a " dev tools " app . in " development settings " in this app , uncheck " show running processes " to make this go away .
disclaimer : " safe " does not mean nothing can go wrong , particularly if you do not follow the instructions exactly . i make no guarantees , and you take the risks of rooting upon yourself . see this post for general rooting guidelines and an index of other devices for which we have rooting guides . if you have the original android 1.6 donut firmware on your device , upgrade it to 2.1 or higher . the official update page should bring you from 1.6 ( or 2.1 ) to 2.2 . the easiest method ( still safe ) &mdash ; 2.1 eclair , 2.2 froyo the easiest method is with gingerbreak . ( the 2.3.3 update patched the vulnerability used in gingerbreak , so if you have gingerbread then see the next section . ) on the device , go to Settings -&gt; Applications and make sure unknown sources and usb debugging ( under Development ) are checked . download the gingerbreak app via your pc and put it on the device 's sd card , or use the browser on the device . install a file browser like explorer since it appears the streak does not come with one . navigate to the gingerbreak . apk , install it , and run it to root your device . you are done ! the safest method ( still easy ) &mdash ; 2.2 froyo , 2.3 gingerbread you can attempt to root via other vulnerabilities but the safest method is probably to replace the stock recovery with streakmod and flash the superuser package through it , bypassing the need for hacks . this might work for 2.1 , but i have not tested it . ( wondering why this is safe ? the streak replaces the recovery with stock on boot . if you screw it up , it will fix itself ! ) install the android sdk on windows . ( you can use linux , but then you have to locate the fastboot package put out by htc at one point since it is not bundled with the sdk for linux . ) download streakmod and extract recovery.img from the . zip file to somewhere easily accessible , say C:\recovery.img . download the superuser package and put it on the device 's sd card . connect the phone to your pc via usb and put it into fastboot mode . the easiest way is through adb on the command line ( adjust the path if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools adb reboot bootloader  alternatively , turn off the phone and then turn it on while holding the camera button . when you reach a white screen , release the camera button . when it loads , tap the FastBoot text button in the top right corner of the screen . you should see FASTBOOT_MODE in the bottom left of the screen when it is ready . from the command line ( adjust the paths if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\tools fastboot flash recovery C:\recovery.img  the device should show Download RECOVERY Done! when complete . continuing from the command line , enter fastboot reboot and immediately hold down both volume buttons on the device until you reach recovery mode . if the device boots , go back to step 4 ! the custom recovery has been overwritten with stock by the init scripts ; you need to get into streakmod before this happens . using the volume buttons , scroll down to 2. Software upgrade via Update.pkg on SD Card and select it by clicking the camera button . this will take you to streakmod recovery . using the same buttons as in the previous step , select apply sdcard:update.zip , then choose zip from sdcard . select Superuser.zip from wherever you put it ( e . g . , download/ ) . choose Yes - Install Superuser.zip and let it install . then back out ( using the back touch button ) and hit reboot system now . you are done ! if you want to keep streakmod recovery , use your new root powers to rename /system/etc/install-recovery.sh to something else like install-recovery.bak , then repeat steps 4-6a above . note that stock recovery can be downloaded and flashed just like streakmod , so there is not much to worry about if you decide to do this .
this is the direct download link to the swype installer apk : http://swypemedia.swype.com/beta-d1/media/installer/swype-installer-2.0.apk you can access this from any device ( including a desktop computer ) . swype uses the installer app for it is licensing system .
does not your phone have wifi ? i am interested to know which android phone has no wifi . if you go to the beta . swype website with your phone browser and use wifi you should use no " data " . if your service provider is charging you to use wifi you need to jump that ship asap . ps : if you want to be sure you are not using " data " , turn on airplane mode and then turn on wifi . the " bars " will remain off , but you will be able to use wifi . it is how i use my " phone " even though i have no service to save battery .
default email app on my g2 supports imap , including encryption . i personally use k-9 , which is free .
do you use gmail ? or the default " e-mail app " ? which device you own ( samsung has another than stock google ) . but i remember , that both of them support imap .
here is another option similar to @onik 's reply . . . in the Contacts -&gt; menu key -&gt; Display options , there is a list that says Choose contacts to display . for example , google , backup assistant + contacts , preset , hotmail . there is a down arrow on the left of each item . click the arrow and panel appears with All contacts and a check box . uncheck the box , and those contacts will not be displayed in your list . this is for android v2.3.5 on verizon motorola
in the Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync , select your gmail account , in there you will see " sync contacts " . you can uncheck that and the device will not sync your contacts to gmail , nor will your gmail contacts sync to your device . as onik said too , you can have it show only people with phone numbers too .
first copy all your g-mail contacts to your phone . you can find this under menu -> manage contacts -> then copy contacts . choose to copy from g-mail to phone . all the g-mail contacts will copy over ; then you can decide which ones from the phone contacts can stay and which ones you can delete without having to worry about it " syncing " with google and erasing important contact info . then you can also take it a step further and click your contact phonebook viewer . you can choose phone only , sim , gmail , etc ; by selection . the phonebook will show only this information . finally for those who do not want to clutter up their phonebook with every email you have ever sent - you can click under settings " view contacts with phone numbers only " . this will give you a cleaner look for the phonebook . hope that helps
there is an option to only show contacts that have a phone number , you can set it in Contacts -&gt; menu key -&gt; Display options . this will hide the unnecessary contacts but keep your email synced .
you might want to take a look at e.g. mail myself / selfmail ( which integrate into the share menu ) , or email me / email to self : create homescreen shortcuts which use a preselected email address and/or label by long pressing on a blank space on your homescreen , then select shortcuts , then email to self . guess that is what you are looking for ; )
google voice actions has what you want . simply enter voice command mode , say " note to self " , then say whatever your note is . when you are done an email message will be sent to you with the text of your message .
this is happening because of an issue ( or a feature ? ) on stock samsung firmware . whenever you reboot the phone , the " show notifications " setting of apps that were moved to sd card will revert to its original state , which is to allow notifications . the work-around is to move the app back to the phone , and the setting will persist across reboots .
i also had same issue and i initially connected my phone in ptp mode and then phone got detected but i could not see the videos . i went to phone and changed mode to mtp and then the videos were available . catch here is that when you are connecting your phone to laptop it should be in ptp mode and then change to mtp . if you have mtp mode and try connecting your mobile to laptop then your pc might not detect the phone .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
this very comprehensive article entitled " guide to game controllers on android " published on 9th may 2012 maybe greatly beneficial to you : http://www.pocketables.com/2012/05/guide-to-game-controllers-on-android.html you may also be interested in this video ( approx . 45 mins duration ) entitled " gaming on the nexus 7 with a ps3 controller " http://revision3.com/hak5/how-to-bluetooth-a-controller-to-nexus
with opera mobile open , click on the wrench icon click on settings scroll down and click on privacy from there you should see options to clear history , password , cookies , cache , and shared locations .
how about if you do a dump of the filesystem before and after clearing the cache and compare what has changed ? for example , browse something to generate some cache , copy the filesystem to directory before-clear , clear the cache and copy again to directory after-clear . after this run a diff on the directories , eg . diff -q before-clear after-clear &gt; differing_files.txt . after this you can check relevant files for changes and see if you can clear the cache just by removing/editing these files . although , this only works if the cache is file-based , not in a db . note : this is just an idea , do not have a rooted phone to test it .
i use a backup tool ( smsbackuprestore ) to save old message on my sd card . very nice because you can read the backup file to find your old messages . i followed the same scheme as yours ( i own a samsung galaxy y pro - gt-b5510 ) . the only problem i still have now is the low ram . apps are becoming more and more greedy and even the simplest apps need 20mb ram and that is too much with all the " google services " taking up to 50mb . so now , i am trying to find a way to overcome the lag caused by the low ram . from what i read on forums , the problem of low space comes from the apps mostly . but messages take space too ( i had some problem too ) and lag was coming from the messaging app that does not bear so many messages . so backup was the only solution for me .
the twitter app registers an intent filter for http and https urls to twitter.com , to tell android it can open those urls itself . that is why you get the first chooser ( the list of possible apps ) . however , it seems that the twitter app can not actually understand those " redirect " links , so it asks for a web browser to handle the url . that is why you get the second chooser , with only web browsers . since the page does in fact redirect to a twitter user ( which the app can handle ) , after you have opened the url in a browser you should get a third chooser , which does include twitter , allowing you to open the user in the twitter app . however , firefox currently has a bug that means it will not offer a chooser in this case . if you pick chrome in the second chooser , it should give you the third chooser . i would call this a bug in the twitter app . you should complain to twitter and ask them to fix it .
just hold the home button and the + button down ( not too long , though ) .
if you have access to a computer when you are trying to take the screenshots , you could do it the old fashioned way -- through the android sdk . these instructions are for windows , but it will be similar for other oses--just download the appropriate packages . when i did this , i had to install the " platform tools " package through the sdk package manager , because a necessary package ( adb ) was not installed by default .
if you have root , use the app shootme . you just shake it and it takes a screenshot . if you have a custom rom that runs off of cyanogenmod ( cm ) or is based off of cm , then hold down the power button and select the screenshot option .
for my us cellular galaxy s running gingerbread , i had the same problem . when trying to screen capture the text conversation by holding the " back " and " power/standby " buttons , it backs up a screen and takes a screen shot of the message board . i found a work-around . pull up the message thread you wish to capture . press and hold the back button . tap the power/standby button ( i know , it will capture the message board ) . while still holding the back button , tap the message thread you wish to capture . the message thread should now pull up . press the power/standby button again , and *click " , you have your screen capture ! this is the only way i have found to do this .
you must distinguish security between programming errors that make a system less secure ( as in the article your referenced ) and the security-architecture . i am only writinge about security-architecture . android has a sandbox that shields the apps from each other and from sensitive os-features . on installation an android-app requires permissions to sensitive issues : access internet , files , adressbook , . . . . . . if the running app tries to access some sensitive api whre there are no permissions the app is aboarted . on unrooted devices the os does not allow to write to os-files . one app cannot access other apps ' private files . this is a good starting point for security . however there is no fine grained security : example : either an android app is allowed to access all internet or internet is not allowed . you can not restrict an android app to access only a certain url . there is no way that you can specify " ask me every time the app wants to access the internet . " the same applies to other sensitive issues as well : contacts , making sms-calls , accessing public folders in the filesystem , . . . . so as long there is no " allow on demand " feature in the os and no more fine grained security-settings for me android up to version 4 is not secure enough . but as an open source system it has the potential to become more secure over time . comparison to other mobile os . the dotnet-platform of windows mobile 6 and its predecessors down to ppc2003 also has a sandbox and much finer grained security settings . i am not shure how effective these are and if security modell still exists in the current system . i have an old motorola java-me phone that is quite secure because the manufacturer does not allow other apps to access sensitive functions as long as the app is not signed by motorola itself or one of its trust partners . there is no setting that allows me as the phone owner to disable this security . however other java-me-phone vendors have this option .
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
as far as the safety of android , it depends a little more on the user . ios has a vetting process for their apps , so it is very hard for malware to get onto the app store . with android , it is much easier to put an app on the market . also , if the phone is configured to install from unknown sources , you can install software from anywhere . however , if someone is smart about the aps they install , it is not an issue . restrict app installation to the google play/market store and the amazon app store , or other trusted software companies . when you install from the google play/market , look at the number of downloads and the ratings - these provide an indication of how much you can trust the app .
samba filesharing is a great app for connecting over wifi , but does require root . i use it regularly myself . just turn on wifi , fire up the app , and then you can browse your sd card from your pc .
not exactly " accessing the filesystem " , but you could try airdroid . it has a really nice file manager .
andsmb is functionally more useful among free samba file sharing apps .
with samba you can access the files like a network share . i think it requires a rooted phone though . should be better than ftp , and it should also be better than usb in that the phone can use the card in the same way ( you do not need a specific mode )
there are many ways , you can use adb over wifi , run an ftp or ssh server on the phone , or use dropbox . the easiest to set up is dropbox , but it is fairly limited which files and you can synchronize . the best solution would be installing an ftp/ssh server on the phone , but setting up those might be difficult .
over wi-fi install a small app swiftp ftp server . ( original link ' dead ' - 2012-09-22 , see 'http://ppareit.github.com/swiftp/' instead ) just , setup username and password . after tapping Start button , your device will become ftp server and the app will give you url ( handy if you do not know device ip and ftp url format ) . on pc , you can use any ftp client software to access file system of device . windows explorer works , too . you can also create a network drive in computer . for example , you can visit this in address bar of windows explorer : ftp://192.168.1.10:2121/  here , 192.168.1.10 is ip of android device and 2121 is port on which ftp server is working ( you can configure port in app , too ) . visiting it will ask you username and password . enter what you specified in app . done ! the app will not give you url if device is not connected to pc using external wi-fi router , but it works in those situation too . if you have made device wi-fi hotspot and connected pc with ad-hoc network , then you will have to find device ip by yourself ( ipconfig /all command is fine with windows ) . it really works as long as you have ip of device ( i have tested it by myself ) . just , use this ip in ftp url and visit it . the interesting thing : as ftp is universal standard , this method will work with any pc , mac . that is not true for samba file share , airdroid etc . over bluetooth there is no need of external app . if bluetooth software on pc supports obex ftp , you can do this directly . if you have issues with stock bluetooth services , install bluetooth file transfer app . it supports both obex ftp and opp . means , you can do both-side file system access : device to pc and pc to device !
i just double-checked mine , and it boots fine without the charger ( battery at 64% ) . i suspect your unit is faulty .
the screen lock is set in Settings -&gt; Screen Lock . the device can then be encrypted without sim card .
check you sd card for errors , preferably by powering down the phone , removing it and inserting into an sd reader . and always use " safely disconnect hardware " in windows system tray or unmount the usb mass storage device in linux .
i noticed a similar problem on my htc g2 recently after i migrated phones . deleting the thumbnails folder fixed the problem . see also : not all images showing up in gallery
a quite common cause for " disappearing media " is not restricted to photos only , but can also affect audio and video files : the media scanner checks each directory for a file named .nomedia ( this file can be empty , its content is not checked ) . if found , this directory including its subdirectories is skipped from scan -- which means , this media does not appear in the gallery . you can easily check if this might be the cause : use a file explorer ( e . g . es file explorer ) to check whether your media is where it should be ( i.e. . usually somewhere on your sd card ) . you can also check this from your computer via usb . if so , check all the tree along for a file named .nomedia ( note the leading dot ! ) . it may reside even in the root directory of your sd card -- or somewhere in the path to your media files if found , just delete it ( safe to do so -- you can re-create it anytime , it has no important content but is more likely even completely empty ) .
the reason could be insufficient permissions . an app cannot simply chose to create a directory below /data ( other than its own , /data/&lt;package_name&gt; , which is already created by the android system when the app is being installed ) . so this was why it failed in the first place . even after you used your " root powers " to create the /data/.ssh directory , and put a ( most likely empty ) known_hosts file there , the issue was probably the same : both where owned by the user who created them ( root ) , and the app might not have been able to enter the directory , let alone to write into the file . there are two possible solutions to this . the first you chose yourself was granting the app SUPER_USER privileges . if this is fine with you ( and you trust the app for that ) , your issue is gone with that . of course this requires the app to request the SUPER_USER permission , which it obviously does in your case . a more restrictive approach would have been granting the correct privileges to the directory and the file , by e.g. chown it to the app 's user , or chmod appropriately . if owned by that app , only this app would have access there , which would be the best solution . for this , you would first need to figure out the user , which could be done e.g. using ls -l /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( replace &lt;package_name&gt; with the package name of the app ) , and then do a chown -R &lt;user&gt;:&lt;group&gt; /data/.ssh .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
good work on not upgrading to 2.2 yet for purposes of rooting ! as for your specific issue , you mention it happens when attempting to sync with facebook and then mention the reboots are random . are they random or a cause of a specific action ? my guess is they would be more random since as far as i know few people have problems with fb . although there was an issue on htc servers that caused fb sync to stop working awhile back . i do not think that issue caused any phones to reboot though . where did you buy your phone and did you get it brand new or used or refurb ? with random reboots i would think you could take it into sprint and have them look at it if you bout it new , since the likelihood you caused the reboot issue is slim . have you looked at the xda forums for help ? there are a lot of evo users there and they may be able to help , even if you are not rooted . also i would recommend rooting , check the xda forums . i do not think a single custom rom has any issues with fb syncing . not that rooting will necessarily fix your issues .
that app is really your best ( and maybe only ) choice . try resetting ( or maybe reinstalling ) the wireless tether app and try again . if that does not work , you may need to set a manual ip on your mac .
i am pretty sure that the standard way ( that google want you to go through ) to do this is to start by going through the android market help ( also available by going to the help menu within the android market app ) going into the buying apps section , a lot of sectsions there have contact us links that you can fill in with your problem and details . if that does not help you then can search the market support forums .
well i just did the ota update so i am not sure if it was there before , but now when viewing a group i can see the edit group button when displaying a group in the contacts .
depending on the phone you use ( mine has an arrow-pad ) , you can use physical navigation to switch between fields . you can also often press " next " when typing using the virtual keyboard with fields if your phone offers that feature .
depends on the phone as well . if you have a phone with a central trackball , e.g. htc desire , the trackball can be used to navigate through links and form fields while browsing .
i use the default android keyboard and it has a tab key that pops up beside the space key . it looks like this : &ndash ; &gt ; |
custom roms will be the only way to do this . widgetlocker changes the lock screen , but i do not think it handles incoming calls . this gingerbread rom changes the lock screen as well as how it answers calls , changing it to the android swipe across system , but like all roms , it requires a root and a wipe . it is a great rom though , and will do exactly what you need .
google now by default will think that you are in the usa . the app pulls your home address from google latitude . this is also how it knows when you are home and it is the basics for traffic info . to change this go into : Maps -&gt; Location History (tab)  here you can set both your home and work address .
if you have the kindle app installed , just open it and it should show a selection of the books you have purchased from the kindle store . books that have not been downloaded to your device yet are available via the " archived items " menu option that pops up when you press your device 's menu , you should be able to select and download any books there . if you have downloaded kindle compatible books from elsewhere on the internet , then if you move them into the " kindle " folder on your sd card , they should appear in the listing of books when you open the kindle app . you have two options to do this : plugging your phone into a pc and mounting the sd card as an external drive , using one of the many android file manager apps that are available from google play store .
my go-to guide is over at lifehacker 's always up-to-date guide to rooting any android phone . it does not list your device specifically , but if the superoneclick method does not work for you it sounds like " the pete method " might .
according to samsung and this review ( down near the end of the review ) , the 8" and 10" galaxy tab 3s have otg , but apparently the 7" does not . it might be possible to enable it by rooting and installing an app for it , but i do not know .
at least one of the usb devices would need support for host-mode usb - which is a hardware feature and therefore can not be upgraded via software - and the other needs to report as mass storage usb device . since your tablet has otg ( =host-mode usb ) support it may be a simply compatibility issue . bluetooth may be an option , but it is slow .
to detect tampering , firmware updates are signed and ( if you are using the recovery program that shipped with the phone ) the signature is verified before install . after a mandatory confirmation from you that the installation should start , after a reboot , the recovery program will first verify this signature and only then install the new firmware . note that you will always get a prompt for a rom update . besides allaying security concerns and giving you a bit more control over the proceedings , this gives you the opportunity to : make sure the battery is charged or that the phone is plugged into the mains . back up any data you fear may be lost should the upgrade go wrong . do a bit of research into the improvements in this firmware version , and decide whether it is worth your time . so yes , firmware updates are secure and even if you are concerned , an update to the actual os will not be installed without your confirmation .
the updates will not be installed automatically . the system will only notify you that the update is available . you can download and install them at your convenience .
put a shortcut to the alarm clock and , optionally , a clock widget on a separate home screen .
i ended up disabling the linked calendar , and adding it manually using the icalsync app in the market .
the htc sensation uses a capacitive touchscreen , so any standard capacitive stylus will work for touch-based input . simply be sure you do not purchase a stylus designed for a resistive touchscreen .
download mobiletrans , run it . connect your nokia and android at a time via usb click " start copy " to transfer contacts , text messages , photos and videos from nokia to the android . it was developed by wondershare , you can download it from here edit : maybe you can have a try with samsung switch mobile , created by sumsang
connect your nokia handset and start nokia ovi suite on your pc create a backup . nbu file ( it does not matter what you select for backup , as long as it includes messages ) download nbu explorer ( open-source program which allows you to explore . nbu backup files and export them ) run nbuexplorer . exe > file > open > browse to your . nbu file and open it go to the messages tab and click on " export messages " button located above the table on the right pane in the " save as type " field , select ( * . xml ) and save the file i wrote a little tool which converts the . xml file to the format accepted by thesms backup and restore android application . download xml2android . exe save the tool in the same folder where you saved the . xml extracted file open the command line console ( win7: start > type " cmd " and press enter ) cd to the directory where you saved the files ( e . g . cd c:\my_messages ) execute : xml2android ( e . g . xml2android my_sms . xml ) this will generate a file called androidsms . xml , copy this file to your android phone on your android , download the sms backup and restore app from google play now , simply run the app on your phone and restore your old messages from the generated xml file . you are done !
i think the sorting problem depends on your messaging app . many stock messaging app does not sort messages by date but by received time . the aosp messaging app does sort by date ( in cyanogenmod at least ) . textra does ( 4.0+ ) , go sms too , and also the new hangouts app ( 4.0+ ) .
problem solved ! i flashed cwm to the phone using heimdall for mac , then loaded a gapps file from a zip i had copied to the phone . works like a charm . thank you rossc for all your help .
tf201 is not supported on cm11 , so your choices are to go with official nightlies ( which are not stable ) of cm10.1 from here or unofficial cm11 from here . neither of these are stable or officially supported releases . the google apps version you should use depends on the cm version you choose to flash . if you are using cm11 , use the 20140105 gapps . if you are using cm10.1 , use the 20130812 gapps .
you can temporarily turn off 2-step verification , and turn it back on after you have logged in . i had the same issue with galaxy tab 2 , and did just that .
you should try to set up an " application specific " password for your tab , and enter that password when you enter your account details . now you totally avoid the second screen asking for the code . you can create an application specific password at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens ( at least that is the one i use ) kind regards joern
unfortunately , without a backup of the app ( android 2.1+ needed for authenticator app after 0.62 ) that you had earlier , you will need the app apk from someone who still has it or hunt around for this old version . you can still use 2-step verification by opting to receive the verification code via sms or by using the one time codes that were generated when you originally signed up for 2-step verification .
uninstalling multirom - source addictivetips the developers have provided an easy way to get rid of multirom and get things back to the way they were before . all you have to do is flash the appropriate multirom uninstaller file for your device from recovery , and multirom will be removed from your device . do note that this will also remove all secondary roms that you may have installed . multirom uninstaller for nexus 4 multirom uninstaller for nexus 7 ( 2012 ) multirom uninstaller for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) the multirom-modified twrp recovery will still remain on your device , but that shouldn’t be an issue ; you can simply ignore the Advanced &gt; MultiROM submenu , and use the rest of the recovery as the regular twrp . though if you want to remove that as well , you can easily flash a recovery of your choice .
just flash the original / stock rom for your phone . but first , make sure to clear data / factory reset , wipe cache , and clear dalvik cache .
sure not . all changes made there are gone with the next boot : you are just modifying a file on a " temporary file-system " here , which is created on boot , and " gone " on shutdown . for persistent changes , you would need to change the boot image . as you compare with linux on a pc , think of a initrd.img ( initrd aka " initial ram disk , or initramfs ) . the root file system is loaded from this during the boot process ( step 3 , kernel ) . please excuse me for not going into more details : but how that is done is beyond the scope of this site ( which targets end-users , not developers ) ; and beside that i have no practical experience in this specific field .
as you can see from the screenshot , you can definitely get colored output in ls on android . ( side note - i have got some bashrc magic running so the default ls output is ls --color=auto ) probably you are either running ls in a sh shell and not bash , you have got a watered-down oem version of ls , or there is some strange magic happening between adb on windows and the linux terminal . what device/android version/rom are you running ? what output does ls --version give ?
older versions of twrp do not have the ability to mount encrypted file systems , so therefore , it cannot make backups . in addition , twrp only supports decrypting certain devices . according to the twrp2 project page , the only devices that they explicitly define as having decryption support are galaxy nexus and touchwiz devices .
the ray 's 3.5mm jack only supports sound . it is not a microphone jack .
you can copy the music to any location on your phone , and the music player will detect the location automatically . al has posted how you can transfer your file with a pc and usb cable , if for some reason it does not work for you you can install awesome drop from the market and then use dashwire 's awesome drop to transfer the file using internet connection .
there are many ways to ( semi- ) automate the process . i am assuming you do not want to use an app to manage this . ( there are dozens . i expect some other answers will suggest some . ) i also assume that you know how to connect to your pc and turn on " usb storage " . just copy your music files to your sd card . the music player will find the tracks wherever you have them , but you should probably put them in a " music " subfolder so that you can find them easily . it is as simple as that .
here is what i would do : clean way your sd card image is stored in the following location : ~/.android/avd/&lt;avd name&gt;.avd/sdcard.img  stackexchange-url so , if your avd is named screen_large , then your image file would be at : ~/.android/avd/SCREEN_LARGE.avd/sdcard.img  i am using a mac but i am sure the location for the . android folder should be inside of your ' user ' folder as well . you can then duplicate this file and then use it with another avd . less clean way copy all of your files/folders that you want off of the old image from adb : adb pull &lt;dir or file&gt;  how to use adb pull then , using adb create a brand new image : mksdcard &lt;size&gt; &lt;file&gt;  mksdcard can be found in the tools/ directory of your sdk folder . then load the avd with the new image : emulator -sdcard &lt;filepath&gt;  once the avd has loaded your new image , you can then push your files : adb push &lt;dir or file&gt;  info taken from google page : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#sdcard i hope this helped !
not exact but alternate solution is change google account password so it will automatically sign out and ask for new password in device . after that register the device with your username and new password so you are the only user using it . the other is not able to use your account any more as that one does not have new password . : )
first , i would not be that worried about ' hiding ' the phone . i would be worried that if he can see what they download , his account is still attached to that phone . which means they can see everything he downloads , emails , chats , etc . he needs to change the password on the gmail account . maybe , for extra security , turn on 2 step verification . you can not , at this time , remove a device from the market . what you can do is go to your play settings and you can hide the device so they do not show up in the menus .
if you want to stick with your google calendar as backend and frontend , you might wish to check calendar event reminder . you can tell that app which calendars to look at , and to annoy you until you are going crazy . i almost guarantee you cannot miss such a reminder ! i have used the app for quite some time , before . . . i switched to a different calendar frontend : business calendar . very configurable again , also concerning reminders : vibrates and makes " subtle noises " ( i have told him so ) until i lose my nerves and switch it off : ) there are probably a lot of similar approaches . but i know of no way to even come near to one of them without any 3 rd party tool being involved .
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
the thief would , perform in this order of chances below are : throw away the sim card ( see below ) attempt to unlock boot-loader ( if its locked ) which results in wipe of /data and /cache pop in a sim card that does not have pin lock . if an incorrect pin is entered more than three times , a puk is needed ! now the chances of the thief walking into the carrier 's shop , asking for the puk code is very slim hence why number one ( in the above ) is done first , even if digging around trying to figure out what the number is . and furthermore , some , if not all , carriers have the handset , locked to the network in itself . sure they will get the imei and walk into a mobile shop that specializes in phone/network unlocking and get the handset freed from the carrier 's network . so it would be safe to say the sim card 's pin lock is secure somewhat !
when in your wifi settings , could you try pressing menu ( or clicking the overflow dots ) , and selecting Settings . once done , untick the Avoid poor WiFi networks option , and see if it will now connect . also , restart the router .
as andrás ' comment says , the nexus 4 uses slimport not mhl . i use this slimport adaptor to connect my n4 to a tv .
i found the setting , and something interesting as well : Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Flash notification  when i came into the settings it was already unchecked , yet my phone was exhibiting behavior as if it was . i had to check the setting and exit the menus . then i went back in to uncheck the setting and exited the menus again . this time the setting took effect - my camera light is no longer flashing . hope this helps others in the same situation .
there seems to be another alternative to appdialer called fastly . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.siristechnology.localappsearch.fastly it displays apps in a grid allowing to view 12 icons at once . also , allows to search using native keyboard as conjure and quickly .
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.in.spd.quickly.activity this app allows you to : - Search all Installed Apps - List all Recently used Apps - Sort installed Apps alphabetically  clicking on the button , which is right side of search box , shall switch the app listing from alphabetically sorted to recently used and vice-versa .
gesture search is very nice ( see the comment by al everett ) . it uses gestures to pick up letters which means you have more screen real estate ( no on-screen keyboard shown ) . it does not show google suggestions which i do not need anyway , so it is a win-win for me ( more space for what i am interested in ) . my only complaints would be about the accuracy of the character recognition - but i hope they will work on it some more - and i wish i would have the ability to add custom searches for web sites or applications ( a la webos ) . also very well complemented by gesture bar - which allows quick access to gesture search from the notification area or with a long press on the search button ( which is the one i like ) .
apparently there is now ( was created after this question was asked ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iojess.conjurehl=en
google search , aka google now can search installed apps on your android device . yes , it is super-slow , especially on older phones , but it includes among other things the ' search phone/tablet ' option . i was looking for a cleaner and faster alternative that does not search everything , including the web , but finally ended up using it nonetheless , because all alternatives i tried are half-baked or crash on my devices . if you fiddle a bit in the settings there are things that can be disabled under tablet search , e.g. disabling the google now feature makes it somewhat faster . to launch it , simply tap the google search bar , or tap and hold the home button . google gesture search is not bad , and it works , but it is too much work for me to draw each character - definitely not in my list of ' productivity ' apps . imo , it is more of a proof of concept app , or an drawing api demo rather than anything else .
( edit ) new solution : you can revert to your complete old behaviour . it needs some hacking though and might be illegal ( decompile and recompile google app ) solution proposal : use apktool to decompile and change the whole namespace from com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox to com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox 2 of a working old . apk ( see . zip below , mind the 2 in the end ) , then recompile and install the newly crafted package . result : old and new ( broken ) provider can be installed next to each other at the same time because they have a different namespace ( . *searchbox 2 instead of . *searchbox ) . just find out which one is the old one and use that . benefits : no root required , permanent ( cannot be taken away ) drawbacks : you get 2x the same widget offering ( 1x from the old , 1x from the new ) , so you have to find out which works and which not my test so far ( 'apktool ' is an alias to ' java -jar /usr/local/bin/apktool . jar ' on my machine , fyi ) : ( edit : old solution ) what would be nice to know : does this only affect samsunng and google 's us customers ? according to androidcentral , samsung now deploys this update as a stability fix globally . it is most probably this package , that got " updated " : com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox ( located at /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk ) having root is definitely required to revert the situation . i would however decide to get rid of samsungs firmware altogether and install cyanogenmod for example ( this might even be easier than getting root in the first place on the orginal firmware ) . you might want to " reinstall " the unaffected version from the last firmware or one of a euro firmware ( if they are not stripped ) . for example , this archive from the popular goo . im hosting site will most probably have a working ( older ) . apk that has the functionality you miss . it is a generic installation package for the popular cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware that holds all relevant proprietary packages from google ( they had to be stripped off cyanogenmod by google 's request some time ago ) . you can open it with any unzip program and extract the /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk package . that is how i would do it ( using the adb tool from the google sdk : i used application explorer to generate this listing and see where the . apk is located : App Name: Google-Search Package Name: com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox [...] Source Directory: /system/app/GoogleQuickSearchBox.apk  you can get the version of ' google-search ' by going to settings-> apps-> all-> google search , which lists the current version . mine ( the same as in the above mentioned . zip is : 1.4.1.299849 )
here is my first free android app named " quickly " , available in google play store . this app allows you to : search all installed apps list all recently used apps sort installed apps alphabetically clicking on the button , which is right side of search box , shall switch the app listing from alphabetically sorted to recently used and vice-versa . your valuable review/feedback/suggestions are most welcome .
while file expert is a good app there are great apps out there . i was hesitant to switch because i did not want to install another app for ftp sharing , but i discovered solid explorer . it is the best file manager app for android , bar none . it has an exceptional text editor with optional monospace font ( ! ) , size setting and line wraps can be disabled ! and of course root support out of the box . all for the great price of 0$. ( thought it is in beta , so that might change . ) it also includes ftp/sftp/smb/cifs browsing , support for google drive , dropbox , box and skydrive . and so many other goodies that there is not enough space here to list it all .
file expert at the moment cannot open such files . i recommend using the app called es file explorer ! it is free and you just enable root option in the properties , and you have root access . do not buy file expert 's root plugin as it is a waste of money ! ! !
a bug in the latest version of chrome can cause this in certain circumstances ( low memory being one ) . details here : https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=342190 https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=399521 seems like a fix should be making its way into the beta soon .
it sounds similar to a bug with 16-bit transparency . if your phone has this setting , turn it off , then try again , but your bug does seem a little different , so no promises .
i have the same problem . i usually just press the home button to go back to my home screen of my phone , then i hold the home button and clear apps running in the background . then i open chrome again and the screen is displayed properly . only solution i have until the bug gets fixed in beta .
i am pretty sure what you are asking for is a firewall , so by searching for that i have found what seems to be a very popular app that might work for you : droidwall - front-end application for the powerful iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . i tried finding some other alternatives for you , but every page i find seem to list this firewall as a recommendation , so it might be either really good or there might not be a lot of firewall apps out there ( or both ) : ) it does require root . happy firewalling !
you may be thinking of lbe privacy guard . it needs root and can grant or deny other apps various permissions on a case-by-case basis . whether you trust a security solution from an otherwise unknown chinese vendor is for you to decide .
if you use good reads here 's three apps that sync with the service : http://www.appbrain.com/app/goodreads-droid/hactar.goodreads http://www.appbrain.com/app/mybookdroid-%28books-library%29/org.zezula.bookdiary https://market.android.com/details?id=com.goodreads ( goodreads ' official app )
i have used this book catalogue program to enter my book collection . it lets you enter books via isbn ( manually or scanning ) , has a search feature and works great . it has bookshelfs where you should create on for a reading list , although there is a checkbox ' have read the book ' also . . . check it out if : maybe it has enough of the features you want to be useful . i like it very much .
from everything i have read about the " knox enhanced boot loader " , and what is and is not possible with it , all of your assumptions seem spot on . another route you may want to try , is safestrap . it is by far the safest method for installing custom roms , as it bypasses the bootloader and there is no chance in tripping the knox flag , unless you flash a rom on the stock side . if you have not heard of safestrap , just a quick google search will point you to it .
the free space difference can be accounted by three relevant factors that may end up giving you some misleading information about the real space available on your internal storage : the free space reported the free space reported at the end of the " manage applications " screen is rounded to mb , and it gives you a general free space estimation based on the moment you opened said screen , and it gets updated from time to time ( by my tests about every minute ) . i have mentioned " rounded " because if you access the " storage settings " panel , you will get a clear picture regarding the free space available , down to kb . the app allocation as already mentioned by t0mm13b , an application may be entirely moved to the sdcard or leave a portion behind , this issue is more related with the development of the application itself and there is no standard rules to follow . i have performed an exercise with " angry birds " , and while the download mentioned 20mb , after installed it consumed 24mb . after moving it to the sdcard using the option for this end under " manage applications " screen , 1.85mb were left behind on the internal storage , plus 4kb of data . temporary system files from other applications or running services while i was writing this answer , the free space reported varied between 2mb , this tells us that the os is constantly creating and freeing up space depending on the stuff running . there may exist other factors that concern the ext4 file system specifications used by gingerbread , but i do not believe they better account for the 2mb difference . by the three points mentioned above , while performing an exercise with the application you have mentioned using a device with a stock gingerbread rom , i have managed to account for 2mb of difference , just like the space you have mentioned . determine internal and external space occupied following up on the comments , regarding a way to accurately know how much an app occupies on the device , and being able to view it by external or internal storage , the most accurate application i am currently using is sandisk memory zone by sandisk corp . available for free from google play store . open the application select the desired storage check the details about it
this sounds like you are using apps2sd or equivalent whereby , moving the app onto the sdcard , only a portion of the app is stored in the internal storage and the rest on the sdcard . for verification , check your sdcard and see if the app 's data is still there , this should be present in /sdcard/Android/data/ followed by the package name of the installed application . that is a normal mechanism of the apps2sd .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . moving apps to sd card just delays a bit the problem because something else fills up the internal storage . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are constant/non-stop debugging info collected by android . these files build up over time . you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android [ my device model ] " and you should find quickly how to root your device . this problem is a design flaw . when there is a low internal storage , android should start a background task to clean up that junk .
checking around , i just found a few useful apps which reveal where the storage goes . for one , there is diskusage . though the screenshot 1 shows the sdcard here , the video on the apps playstore page makes clear it can be used on internal storage as well -- and even links to the apps page you usually find via menu -> applications -> manage applications . you can walk and zoom in/out each area , as the annotations on the screenshot show . my second candidate is folder size chart , which comes with a different design and , as seen in the screenshot 2 , can also deal with internal storage . these two may definitly help to identify " storage hogs " . there are many others found in the playstore which follow this concept , but most are limited to the sdcard or require root access .
as the n1 is closely related to the htc incredible you might be running into the same low storage space issue that plagues incredible users ( like myself ) . i asked a related question when i started experiencing apps force-closing due to a lack of partition space and later consolidated my understanding of the data partitions in an answer to a question about false “low on space” ( internal storage ) warning on htc incredible : . . . my app settings screen shows me what must be the /data usage ( never close to full , numbers match /data size reported by diskusage ) even though my apps are actually constrained by the much smaller /data/data ( where i run out of room often ) . . . i found that the number reported as " internal storage " was reporting something entirely unhelpful and was , by all accounts , useless in helping me actually manage app storage . i concur with izzy in his recommendation of diskusage , i found it very helpful especially when rooted ( with root permissions it can display /data/data partition usage ) . using terminal emulator to investigate usage was also helpful in diagnosing my problem . when you take a look at your /data and /data/data partitions , do you see the same discrepancies ?
' shadow ' refers to the base model of the phone , cdma_shadow being the droid x on verizon , and the regular shadow is likely the milestone x , a gsm phone released overseas . while the software is mostly the same , there is likely some difference in the hardware , almost certainly the phone 's radio , and sounds like the camera as well , according to what you have been told . it is not uncommon for the different phone+network combinations to have different codenames , another examble would be the samsung galaxy nexus , with verizon 's lte version called " toro " , and the later sprint version called " toroplus "
edited found the official source where can be read that the motorola droid x build was renamed to shadow : also worthy of note : the new release files have a slightly modified naming-scheme , including the codename instead of the commercial/common name in the filename . so the following is a handy “translation chart” to make sure you don’t mis-identify your device . . . . . . shadow - motorola droid x . . . original answer at cyanogenmod downloads , the build identified by cdma_shadow stopped at cm_shadow_full-154.zip ( the available links are broken ) . when they were resumed , they have been renamed to shadow , being shadow the codename for the droid x . droid x formerly known as droid xtreme , has the development codename " shadow " . cdma stands for : code division multiple access . it is the general system used for 3g services . related information : cdma technology - cdma is a wireless technology standard used by verizon wireless in all of its phones , and by certain other carriers in the countries listed at this link . trying further to justify this answer : here 's the metadata found at /META-INF/com/android/metadata for the cm-7-20120624-nightly-shadow . zip where can be seen the reference to the cdma_shadow : post-build=verizon/shadow_vzw/cdma_shadow/shadow:2.2.1/VZW/23.340:user/ota-rel-keys,release-keys post-timestamp=1289194863 pre-device=cdma_shadow  and yet the information presented on the menu hover effect : besides from this , the cyanogenmod documentation , forums and wiki pages reveal no better insight and are mentioned to be outdated . this seams to be the best official justification for the build rename .
i can play all videos like 780p hd on galaxy y . download mx player from google play .
i am sorry but your device cannot play high-res videos . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen .
yes : there are essentially three possibilities . wired headphones often have extra controls inline ( on the cable ) . you have to be careful when buying these : the way the controls signal to the phone is not standardized , so which one you need depends on who manufactured your phone . it is really easy to find " iphone-compatible " ones , but you may have to search hard to find one which claims compatibility with your manufacturer . in that respect , things have not improved much since the walkman days . bluetooth headphones can make this much easier . in bluetooth , the media control protocol is standardized , so any bluetooth headphones with volume and track controls will work with any phone that supports that protocol ( the remote control profile ) . pretty much all android phones do , but some of the extremely low-end chinese knock-offs might not . using the same bluetooth profile , you can instead buy a dedicated remote control . this might well clip onto the cable of your wired headphones , or come in a convenient form factor ( like flow 's pebble , which is a lot more general-purpose ) , but it is still one extra thing to carry around . happy shopping !
to install the stock ics build : go to https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images and choose your device ( mine , for example , a us nexus s that works with t-mobile , is https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#sojuimm76d ) , download the file , then download the surprisingly-not-very-large android sdk from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html . run the sdk manager ( it is called " tools/android" ) which will open a gui ; make sure " android sdk " and " android sdk platform tools " are checked . you can clear other check boxes , since those will download very large stuff that you do not need . once you have got all that , follow the instructions in the tarball that you first downloaded ; roughly , you want to put the sdk 's " platform tools " directory on your path , power off your phone , then hold the power-up key and power it back on ( that'll get it to display the sekrit startup screen ) ; and then on your computer run " fastboot oem unlock " and then " flash-all . sh " . i have done this twice in the last few days ( for fun :- ) and while it may sound complicated , it is actually pretty easy and worked fine . ( i installed 2.3.6 just for the nostalgia of it and then installed cyanogenmod and then went back to stock 4.0.4 ) .
if you do not mind to end up with cyanogenmod9 ( ice-cream-sandwich ) : here 's the full update guide from cyanogenmod 's wiki : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide here are builds ( go for release candidates or stable builds for cm9 ) : http://get.cm/?device=crespo recovery images are here : http://www.clockworkmod.com/rommanager/ flash via ' fastboot flash recovery [ recovery . img ]
your app does not do oauth/openid , instead it uses android 's integrated auth model via a special permission : YOUR ACCOUNTS USE THE AUTHENTICATION CREDENTIALS OF AN ACCOUNT Allows the app to request authentication tokens.  colornote , for example , does not need this permission and thus must get an auth token via the browser . it ends up in the list in the link you provided if you authorize it and you can revoke given permission for colornote via your assumed method . that is why you will not find google 's drive , youtube , maps and so on in the list either as they also use android 's integrated auth token permission . pro/cons : integrated : less friction for the user , depends on google apps and a google account openid : no google apps required , works with accounts from any openid provider ( see this site 's login support for any provider )
there are several gestures which are not really supported on mobile devices including right clicking , hovering and most keyboard shortcuts . it is up to website developers to recognize this when designing their user interfaces and either build in alternative gestures or simply rely on universal input methods like clicking/tapping . your best bet would be to contact the owner of the website you are having trouble with .
there is no situation in which viber messages spontaneously delete themselves . viber does not update without your permission - and updating does not delete messages . if this occurred on viber for desktop , please ensure that the computer that you use is a private computer and no one but you can access it . additionally , you might consider placing a screen lock on your phone so that your applications are better protected .
do you know how the internal storage is formatted ? if it is fat then there is not much you can do . otherwise you could do something like this from adb shell or from a terminal on the phone : cd /sdcard ln -s /sdcard2 &lt;name&gt;  for example , if &lt;name&gt; was sd2 then you can now access it via /sdcard/sd2/ .
you can install cyanogen now , and in the event of an official update , go back to the stock rom . steps to install cyanogenmod in asus tf300t : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/install_cm_for_tf300t
on the bottom , near the primary mic , is a slot to " pry off " the battery cover . be careful , of course !
i was able to fix it by booting into safe mode by holding the volume up button while it booted . then i disabled the setting that broke it .
can you boot into recovery mode ( vol up + home + power button combo ) or download mode ( vol down + home + power button combo ) ? if not , have it checked by a service center .
appears to be a bug . the " make the recent apps button act like a menu button " setting appears to not be changing the appropriate values to inform apps that a permanent menu button exists and thus apps act as if it does not have the menu button . viewconfiguration is what handles that .
if you are coming from an iphone and looking for a better messaging app , check out go sms pro and use an iphone theme . this app allows you to customize several things while still looking very similar to the iphone 's messaging interface . i always install go sms over the default messaging app and you might just want to give it a try , especially since you are coming from ios . there are other plugins that are all free that allow you to view ios emojis and other cools things like that . let me know if you still have the same issues with this app as well . btw , congrats on smartly making the switch ; )
yes indeed you can ! it is not a ' stock ' or ' hangouts ' feature though , but there are apps that can perform this functionality . sms notifier on the google play store has this option as you will see in the screenshots for it . off the record a friend said that google tend to prefer you to activate something , rather than mark as read ! that is why you do not see this option very much . as per bmdixon : this does not work in hangouts . it seems ok if hangouts is not the default sms application , but this may vary between android versions and oem devices .
well , i think you are friend has guided you over the wrong direction its not the malware it has happened because of rooting the device . tell you what this is another demerits of rooting sometimes it results in less stable rom which i guess is the case with you you have rooted you device , means all the restriction imposed by your carrier gets removed means let me give you a short example now you are device is free to function like the way you want it . suppose you have installed an application which under rooted condition wakes the core for only one minute and then let it over the standby process because of the limitation imposed . but now the same core is busy for more than the stipulated time because your device restriction is removed and it will work according to the way you want . so , it results in performance but the battery life started suffering . it can be said as some of the disadvantages of rooting your device , i would say you might have heard the term rooting is not advised and is mainly intended for developers .
sounds like the contents of your sd card have not been scanned since taking the photos . try the sdrescan app from market . this should help in such situations . alternatively , you can manually un-mount the sd card ( via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Unmount SD Card ) and re-mount it again . this should trigger the media scanner to refresh the card 's contents .
i get the same issue with my g2 , so i doubt this is a bad sd card . another way to force a rescan is to delete the thumbnail folder . i will use an app like astro , and navigate to /mnt/sdcard/dcim . delete the . thumbnails folder there and the next time you open the picture gallery , it will regenerate the thumbnails , including the missing pictures . that said , i think i will give sdrescan a try next time this happens to me .
use quickpic . its much better than the stock android gallery app both in gingerbread and ics
no , if you are running paranoid android you will need to wait for them to update to android 4.3 when it is released by google . you need to be on the stock rom to be able to install the update from " settings> about phone> system updates " .
i also use franco 's kernel and run pac , based largely on paranoidandroid . unfortunately you will not be able to do an ota update because it is not the root that breaks it , but the fact that you are really running a different kernel and os . ( in the case of pa , it actually automatically disables the ota update feature to keep stuff from breaking ) . that said , you can easily flash the 4.3 image using fastboot when it is released - but remember , you will lose all your pa and franco goodness ! paranoidandroid will be updated to 4.3 when the devs get to it , which should not take too long . i am just gonna wait for them personally . edit : also remember that your kernel is compiled for 4.2 , and probably will not work with 4.3 . you may have to wait for franco to update as well , or switch to another kernel .
this is not an android question , but more like a generic mobile question . but to answer your question : yes , the old one will still work . sim cards are not tied to cellphones . so , you can always transfer sim cards to other phones that have sim card slots , assuming that the phone allows the network your sim card is for . i.e. if the phone is locked to a specific network , then only sim cards for that network is allowed . of course , you can remove this limitation by unlocking the phone .
a commonly recommended app for this is doubletwist . along with the desktop app it will let you import any itunes playlists , counts , etc . as well .
i will only say that the winamp player has ' rating ' from android in their ' to-do ' list . i am hopeful for this . i will second the op 's criteria for what i am looking for in android . at this point , i think winamp has the potential for really being the ipod/itunes combo killer . to make all of the above happen somewhat flawlessly , there needs to be a true " library " type sync , and not this reliance on the last . fm scrobbling . if it can keep a small version of a library on the phone , and use that to sync up to the main computer , it could be amazing .
mixzing , i believe , does both . at the very least , it supports " semi-smart " playlists generated according to your rating tracks .
i have not looked into it much , but perhaps you should check out winamp . they have an android player in beta now that supports wireless and usb synchronization to a pc that is also running winamp .
isync does this . they also have a wireless sync . lifehacker article unfortunately ( for me at least ) it uses itunes and i hate itunes , but it does work . i think i hated itunes so much i bought an android to avoid it , but now have to use it anyway because of the smart playlists . it is the only thing i have found that keeps smart playlists , playcounts , and ratings updated . everything you said you wanted . plus you already use itunes and seem to not hate it . i think isync could work for you . : ) you should be able to use the stock music player , mixzing , or a half dozen other popular other android players in combination with the sync app which pushes playcounts and ratings to itunes .
to deviate from the generic notification ringtone , the app itself needs to support it . are you using the stock email and sms apps ? gmail , at least , allows for changing the notification ringtone that it uses . ( in fact , you can setup individual notifications by account by label . )
if i go to message - settings i see options to choose different ringtones . similarly if i go to gmail - settings - main account , i can see options to choose ringtones . but i am using htc desire .
usb controllers follow a spec which means any usb controller " should " work . so there is not a " list of supported devices " as they all are supposed to work as long as they are not proprietary . even an xbox 360 wired controller should work ( not sure about a wireless 360 controller , even when plugged in with the charge kit ) . now your wireless controller is probably a different story . this is probably using some proprietary protocol to communicate information from the dongle to the controller , but you could try it . as long as the android device thinks that the dongle is a usb controller , and the dongle handles the communications to the controller , it may work .
go to the tablet 's system settings/account . set automatic sync . go to google account . check sync people details . check sync app details . check sync calendar .
try these things : go to the tablet 's system settings/account ( google ) , tap your account name , make sure calendar is checked for sync . go to the calendar app 's settings , tap your account name , and make sure the calendars that you want synced are checked . or settings--> apps--> click on the all tab--> calendar . then clear data . then go back to settings--> accounts--> google--> tap on calender for sync . short cut name will change according to which android version you are using .
1st at all . . try to off the phone . . turn it back after 15-20sec . . see if it fix or no . other option . . -try to see if u got save the contact to the sim card . . if u got save there . . try to restore back . . -try to see if u got back up the phone on the memory or not . . contact number will be not lost if u not reset/format the phone if this not fix . . i will tell other method . .
if the phone was synced with your google account , you just have to re-sync it and you will get all your contacts back .
with a little extra care ( such as taking backups first in case you want to go back ) , if you have root , simply rm-ing the .apk in /system/app is sufficient to remove system apps . take care though , as removing certain apps may cause the system or other apps to crash .
i finally found the solution in this tutorial in french : http://forum.frandroid.com/topic/180104-tuto-flash-arnova-10dg3-rom-uberoid-jeally-bean-411-root%c3%a9e/ it seems like the firmware from arnova is somehow incomplete . i installed a rooted rom .
if you go to settings > apps , there will be a list of installed applications . if you press the menu button on that page , you can sort the applications by their size . note that this size includes both the program files ( apk ) and stored data ( databases , private saved files excluding those on sd card ) .
that sounds like a known problem updating apps which were moved to the sd-card using app2sd . it does not always happen -- but if it does , a helpful work-around is : move the app back to internal memory run the update ( should work now ) move the app to sd again ( optional -- if you want it to be on the external sd )
the overflow menu for google now ( on all form factors , i believe ) is in the bottom right corner of the app instead of the top right , where most other applications put it . you need to make sure you have scrolled all the way to the bottom of your cards , though , because it shares the bar with the " show more cards . . . " button , which is hidden if your screen is full .
as far as i know there is no way that you can limit the ability of the phone to edit content . that said there are many steps you can take to ensure that somebody will not be able to get to the stage where they can delete your content and dealing with it if it happens : setup a pin number on your sim setup a lock screen on your phone install an application like seekdroid and give it admin access so that you can remote wipe your phone if you lose it install two factor authentication on all accounts which support it ( google , dropbox , facebook certainly do atm . others may ) make regular backups of anything you would be lost without , and store those backups in the cloud or in multiple places do not use the same password more than once . i use lastpass to ensure that all my passwords are all over 20 random characters . you should really follow all of these steps - it adds a bit of overhead to some tasks , but i certainly favour the security over the convenience .
that is an issue for the cloud service providers ( google , dropbox , facebook , etc . etc . ) . suggestion : if they have so much storage , then only an elevated login should be able to permanently delete / re-password , etc . final thought : however , there is just as much havoc in all your information being disclosed ( copied , publicly released ) , as in it being deleted .
most probably the test is inconsistent . have you tried repeating the test at least 100 times to have pseudo-valid statistic results ? and are you sure the emulator is a valid platform on where to test such low-level things ? it may be optimised for the dalvik vm . best guess is to try it on a real device , like the new nexus 5 or waiting for the nexus 4 and nexus 7 updates .
most of these permissions are used by google now and the new features they will be bringing out after google i/o and the upcoming android l release . i am not sure about why they need a lot of these permissions , but i will explain the ones that i know about . feel free to edit the answer to improve it . i have listed all the sub permissions as listed in the play store . device and app history retrieve running apps this is for an upcoming feature where google search results will point/link directly to apps installed on your phone . read your web bookmarks and history this is for making google now suggestions based on your web habits . for example , i get updates about fifa world cup scores because i have searched for them on my phone before . identity find accounts on the device should be related to the feature mentioned in " retrieve running apps " it is also needed to log in with your google account for the " commute sharing " feature , to access your web search history , and for app search , if you have any of these features turned on add or remove accounts read your own contact card contacts/calendar read your contacts mainly for google voice commands , such as calling a contact or sending them a message . modify your contacts read calendar events plus confidential information for reminding you about upcoming events . add or modify calendar events and send email to guests without owners ' knowledge location precise location ( gps and network-based ) approximate location ( network-based ) to provide location based suggestions , i get google now cards with places to eat nearby , weather reports , photo spots nearby , etc sms receive text messages ( sms ) send sms messages to send messages via voice commands edit your text messages ( sms or mms ) read your text messages ( sms or mms ) phone directly call phone numbers make calls via voice commands read call log photos/media/files test access to protected storage modify or delete the contents of your usb storage camera/microphone take pictures and videos record audio wi-fi connection information view wi-fi connections might be used for guessing when you are at home/work or maybe related to this device id and call information read phone status and identity other send gmail permission to write sound search matches preload results modify secure system settings receive data from internet choose widgets download files without notification read google settings disable or modify status bar contacts data in google accounts view configured accounts adjust your wallpaper size prevent app switches modify google settings set an alarm run at startup control flashlight view network connections prevent device from sleeping install shortcuts use accounts on the device change your audio settings read google service configuration modify system settings full network access pair with bluetooth devices access bluetooth settings set wallpaper send sticky broadcast connect and disconnect from wi-fi read sync settings control vibration
yes : make sure adb is installed on your pc ( see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) make sure you have usb debugging enabled ( settings &rarr ; development ) connect your device to the pc via usb on the pc , open a command prompt and type adb reboot recovery your device should now reboot into recovery mode .
if your device is rooted then you can download an application called quick boot from the google play store . check this https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.siriusapplications.quickboot this app will let you quickly boot your device in various modes ( including recovery ) . thanks
well . . . it seems the best features ( at least for me ) will be exclusive to the nexus 5: http://www.droid-life.com/2013/11/22/psa-what-some-device-owners-wont-see-in-their-kit-kat-update/ from that list : google experience launcher translucent nav bar and notification bar smart dialer that is really a shame !
i would recommend , rather , using thunderbird as an imap client with the google contacts and lightning add-ons ( http://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/thunderbird/addon/7307 and http://mozilla.org/projects/calendar ) . you should be able to manage your contacts and calendar in thunderbird and sync with google . so then your thunderbird and phone will each synchronize to and from google .
all android web browser do not support multiselect feature , so you couldnot select more than one picture or download links at same time and add them to download manager . selections limited only for text on web pages .
there is an app doing this on android : website downloader . you can easily download the page you want and view it offline on android devices .
personally i usually just click the link of the file and it downloads . as for the image : try long pressing but instead of choosing " save as " look for " copy link url " or " open in new window " or something similar to those two menu options . " copy link url " should copy the url of the file to your clipboard , then you can paste that link in the address bar and hit " go " and it should download your file . " open in new window " should essentially do the same thing ( i am just trying to give you as many options as i can to try ) . if you click on the link it may not take you anywhere but to a blank page while the file downloads . so to check your download list : you may have already tried this but to see if the file was downloaded you can open your browser , open the menu , then select " more " , you should see " downloads " . this is where your downloaded files list is . another way you could check is to look in the " downloads " folder on your sdcard ( /sdcard/downloads/ ) using es file explorer or some other file explorer . if this is not a solution let me know and give an example of what you are trying to accomplish and i will try to figure it out .
i have struggled with this same issue , though in my case i wanted to save a text file ( . txt ) that i had open in the chrome browser on android 4.4 . x ( kit kat ) . after reading this and other questions posted i realised that neither chrome , the google applications , nor the standard android tools would allow me to simply save a text file from a url . to save a text file from a url to the file storage on my android device i used the file explorer application es file explorer . within es file explorer there is a download manager that allows you to download any file from a given url to the file storage on your device .
what android os version are you running ? and what kind of file does the image link to ? on 2.3.4 the browser offers me " save link " and " save image " as two options when i click on an image that is a link ( e . g . on the image link to the main page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_browser ) but in earlier versions of android it was different . e.g. in 1.5 , i just see " save image " and " view image " , so there is no direct way in the default browser to save the web page which the image links to . as matthew notes , the file type can also matter . on my 2.3.4 phone it asked me if i wanted to save a file for which there was no handler . e.g. for an xml file it said " the content is not supported on the phone . no application can be found to open this file . do you still want to download it ? " for earlier phones and some kinds of files you may need to install an app which can handle the file . " download crutch " is no longer in the market , but there seem to be others that would be suitable .
you can see the list of files you saved/downloaded in Menu &gt; More &gt; Downloads . all downloaded files are automatically saved in the /sdcard/download directory .
the android browser by default can only download files that the android system " recognizes " ( i.e. . , there has to be a program registered to handle that file type ) . it is a stupid restriction in my opinion , but you can install download crutch to overcome this limitation ( it registers itself for every filetype ) . if you are referring to images that link to something else and you want to save the something else , long-press on the image and choose " save link as " or similar .
figured it out . originally synced it with " my music " folder option and no playlists showed up . restarted with option of " itunes " and in a few minutes my playlists showed up without having to resync all the music .
android does not synchronize neither time nor time zone with gps ( i do not know about cyanogenmod but i do not think it works in some other way ) . android does synchronize both time and time zone with cellular network . i guess that your cellular network sends to you wrong time zone ( african ) . you can disable it by unchecking " automatic time zone " in settings -> date and time .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
there is no native way to do this , as android simply does not support it . any wallpaper which is not a live wallpaper will be displayed as a static image . specifically , romain guy notes in a comment on the android issue tracker that all regular wallpapers are saved as png images after cropping . there is no way to change this behaviour aside from modifying the android source code . there are some third-party apps that will allow you to use an animated gif as a wallpaper , such as animgif live wallpaper . the downside , though , is that i believe all of these will be live wallpaper applications , which sort of defeats the purpose .
if the kernel was not compiled with /proc/config . gz support turned on , then the only sure way is to look at the source tree that was used to compile the kernel you are running . copy the config . h file into your own source tree ( or just use the original source tree ) and run make menuconfig to set any new options you want .
try button savior ( non-root version , root required version ) .
i believe this is a pure software issue . if you have custom recovery installed , try to wipe cache/davik-cache . if not , try reseting the phone to default settings . ( are you on a custom rom ? if so , have you tried asking in the developer 's support forum ? what software are you using for the soft buttons ? have you tried another rom ? )
i found a solution : if you do not have a rma option like me , it is possible it can be fixed with just disconnecting and reconnecting the front facing camera . try deleting cash , reinstalling camera , safe mode , factory reset , etc . before doing this . proceed at your own risk ! as shown in this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opucmfhzgbg ) remove the back of the phone ( beginning of the video ) . unscrew the top plastic plate ( 7:15 - 8:10 ) . disconnect and reconnect front-facing camera flex cable ( 13:43 - 13:57 ) . put everything back together and you are done . viola ! i hope it helps someone .
what you are referring to is called tethering - using the data connection of your phone to share internet connectivity to another device . look for tethering options in the settings > wireless menu or other locations in case your manufacturer has placed it elsewhere . failing that , consider using an app like foxfi or some other tethering app . also , a search on android . se reveals a number of similar questions - please use the provided functionality . here 's an answered question that might be relevant - can i use my android device as wi-fi dongle ( ie tethering to pc through usb , but using wi-fi not phone network ) ?
you want your android device to re-broadcast an existing wi-fi network to act as a Wi-Fi Repeater . technically , its possible from software layer , but such implementations are not available for android yet . you can do any of following things now : do it with pure linux way ( android is a linux distro ) using hostapd type software . installation and configuration would not be easy , by the way . share wi-fi internet using bluetooth dun . its the easiest way . i do not know what difficulties your pc bluetooth is facing , but try pdanet or open garden . turn off mobile data and do usb tethering . it starts to share wi-fi internet on some devices . its not universal method , but see if it works for you or not . you can also use pdanet for better usb tethering .
i would recommend doing it via bluetooth . in first place the pc-companion for c702 is not the same version as for the xperia , so you will have two installations . and when i have tried syncing through the sonyerricson online sync service ( synml ) i have faced the problem that some number types ( "mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " ) could be exported to the online service , but not imported back to the xperia . they were missing on my xperia . so make sure if " mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " numbers of your c702 are missing on your xperia . seems that number types " mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " have problems being accepted on other phones . but when i did it via bluetooth , android switched the number types correctly on the fly .
you can use powerful and free software myphoneexplorer ( from www.fjsoft.at ) . it works with all sonyericsson old phones and most android phones ( including x10 ) . you can easily backup contacts from c702 to your pc and then import the contacts to your x10 .
the x10 phone book application can import vcard-files . i imported my palm centro contact list successfully using 1.6 , but it failed in 2.1 . i think the import facility in 2.1 is a lot pickier . i am sure it'll import fine if i clean up the vcard file a bit . i have written to sony ericsson and complained as well .
as a last resort you can use bluetooth to send the contacts to the new phone . just select all contacts and send them to the x10 ( pair first ) and then set the x10 to accept all incoming files from the c702 . after all contacts have been sent ( they are separate vcard files ) go to the phone book and press Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Import contacts -&gt; Memory card and select the contacts from your bluetooth folder . have not tested with se phones but worked with nokia-> samsung and samsung-> samsung .
i just succeeded in transferring all my c702 contacts to gmail via the sony ericsson c702 pc suite . my new samsung galaxy s2 was updated with my contacts within a few minutes with no further measures , though i had logged into my gmail account via the samsung phone earlier . i tried bluetooth transfer from the c702 which did not work , although i did not try the x10 transfer route .
i have no prior experience with sony erricsson software , but i think their pc suite solution ( found here ) deals with the syncing of contacts etc .
as states whatsapp faq : this is a complicated process , if you need further explanation , please read the details below . make sure your phone is connected to the internet . make sure your date and time are correct . your sd card could be causing problems : ensure there is plenty of free space on the sd card . backup the contents of your " whatsapp " folder on the sd card , delete it , create a new " whatsapp " folder and put the contents back . check if you can copy files to the sd card . if you could not copy files to your sd card but you have free space on the card , you may need to reformat ( erase ) the card : backup all sd card data onto your computer . if you are sure you want to erase all data on your sd card , reformat it . still not working ? check out our detailed explanation below . details before we begin , we ask you to double check ( and even triple check ) that your phone has an active internet connection with a strong signal . try loading a webpage to make sure . if you are certain that your phone is connected ( try connecting to different wi-fi hotspots and/or 3g ) , keep reading . please also check that your date and time are set correctly . if your date is incorrect , you will not be able to connect to our servers to download your media . see how to correctly set your date here . sometimes whatsapp may have difficulty saving files to your sd card . follow these steps to help : make sure there is enough space on your sd card . if your sd card is full , whatsapp cannot save anything to it , so you may want to delete a few files to make room . ensure your sd card is not set to read only . try saving a file to your sd card that is not from whatsapp . if the file saves , your card is not read-only and you should be able to save files downloaded from whatsapp to it . if you cannot save anything , your card is set to read only . you will need to change this ; please check your phone’s manual for instructions . if there is enough free space and you can save files to your sd card , but you still cannot download any files to it from whatsapp , you may need to delete whatsapp data from your sd card : warning : this will erase all whatsapp chat history backups and downloaded files . this would be a good time to back up your whatsapp data . to back up your whatsapp data , copy the " whatsapp " folder on your sd card to your computer . open the sd card folder on your phone and delete the " whatsapp " folder . all of your whatsapp media is now erased . whatsapp will still open - and your chats will still be there - but your media ( photos , videos , audio ) will be gone . restart your phone . whatsapp should be able to save your downloaded files now . still reading ? remember step 2 , when you checked to see if your sd card was read only ? if you could not save any files to it , your sd card may be corrupted . in this case , you may need to reformat your sd card . this means erasing the entire sd card and resetting it : extra warning : this will erase all data on your sd card . once you format the sd card you will not be able to get back your data . if possible , backup anything on the sd card . one way to do this is to plug the sd card into a computer with an sd card reader , and copy the files over . on your android phone , go to settings > storage . if it exists , tap unmount storage card . tap format sd card or erase sd card . reboot your phone . if all of these steps did not work , it may be that there is an issue with your microsd card . you may need to purchase a new microsd card in order to save/send files .
i solved it by these steps : uninstaling clearing cache restarting the phone re-installing whatsapp
hmm , difficult problem your only bet is rooting ; and app like droidwall which is front end for iptables . and then you would have to add rule that states block any app that is running in background . that i am not sure how to achieve .
so today it worked for me all of a sudden . i think it was because i was no longer on my home wi-fi . i was on 3g data connection . i went through all the same steps and this time when i touched the tick mark , it installed and rebooted . for anyone else suffering from this , try taking your phone off wi-fi , waiting a few minutes to make sure it is fully connected to 3g and then try again .
i had the exact same problem . this is how i solved it : hold the button on the right hand side of the watch down until the screen goes off ( about 10 seconds ) . release the button . the watch " rebooted " and came up with system update message that said swipe left to install follow instructions on screen
kindle fire does not have phone support , camera support , maps and also some few hardware support . so when your are trying to install those apps it will show \u201cyour device isn't compatible with this version\u201d  solution : look for apps which are supported by the kindle fire and then you can download it via amazon store or google play .
the kindle fire does not support google play or jelly bean . i would guess that is the root of your problem . you are trying to run an application that does not work on a device with an os that it was not meant to run . edit : if you are attempting to install them via the market web page front end then you are only doing the latter of the above . either way though the official market does not support the kindle fire , you have to use amazons app store . which i suspect also may not work since you installed an unsupported os on your device .
no , the bootloader has no bearing on a sim/network lock . the htcdev site explicitly states this on the bootloader unlock page , in fact : please note that unlocking your bootloader does not mean that you will be able to unlock the sim lock . unlocking your sim lock is at the discretion of your operator/carrier and is not part of the bootloader unlocking scope . the reverse is also true , but the main point is that the two concepts are unrelated .
if you have noticed , it is not possible in most android phones to receive and transmit wifi signal at the same time . the wifi feature shuts down when you switch on access point , which is reasonable because why would you use an ap if you already have wifi at hand in the first place ? on the other hand , it might be a hardware limitation if the same wifi antenna and driver are used to convert the device into an ap . either way , you need to specify more information in the question , such as phone brand and model so we can see if that is the case .
on my device running 2.2 froyo , that method ( from 2.1 ) was replaced by long-pressing on text to select it . two " handles " appear at each end of the selection , and you can drag them wherever you want ( e . g . to the top and the bottom ) . maybe try that . if it does not work , what android version are you using ?
knox warranty void : 0x1 you are not able to flash a knox enabled firmware anymore but you can flash other firmware . go to sammobile search your firmware and flash it with odin . you can also find the flashing tutorial form sammobile itself . remember : do not downgrade this will damage you efs folder
get the stock rom which works with root from sammobile.com. make sure that kies is not running . then , flash the rom with odin . or option 2 . unroot using the custom recovery by downloading a completely stock normal rom from sammobile which should get rid of root .
go to download mode . open odin . under the pda , this file . you might have to download philz_touch_6.15.6jflte . tar . md5 . wait until odin recognizes it , and then press start . you will be currently working with a slim kat version of samsung s4 . hope it helped .
the app disk usage is not quite a file explorer , but it is ideal for seeing where your device 's storage is used . it shows a hierarchical view of directories by how much storage they take up . you can use it without root to show your external storage , or with root to examine the internal filesystem and apps ' private data .
es file explorer supports all your requirements . once installed , turn on the Root Explorer option from the side menu .
file manager ( explorer ) will support your requirements . for seeing the folder size you have to long press on folder and see details . it support root mode also .
i recently released an app for this : tilt scroll . it adds a system-wide tilt-to-scroll functionality , so it works with any application on your device .
we have encountered this problem on a previous project i was on , a big banking application . for added security we made the app to automatically log-out after five minutes of inactivity . we found it disturbing for the user that android os would still show your personal account info in the recent apps overview . this would be visible until you really closed the app , rebooted your android or returned to the app and exited it on a screen without any banking info . after quite some research we found out that android ( since ics , so android 4.0 and up ) is using the internal screenshot feature to capture the screen for use in recent apps . there seemed to be no user option available to prevent this , only the developer of an app can restrict this . you can ask the devs of zdbox to include this feature in their app or options by contacting them at service@zdworks . com just a heads-up : if a dev does this , then the screenshot goes full black . we decided to offer a placeholder image instead , so it does not look bugged to the average user , see bottom app in screenshot below . hope this info is still usefull to you ! : )
you could use audio manager ( actually a app hider ) to lock apps , i have had no issues with it , it closes apps when you navigate out of them ( press home or recents )
here they say , installing samsung kies should solve the problem . i have not tried it yet , but it is available on samsung 's official website for their various phone models .
what i would suggest is that you flash your device with odin , your files such as mp3 , pictures and videos would be untouched , basically every file on the internal sd memory would be untouched , if you have your contacts synced with google you should be able to get it back . but this would void your warranty sorry i assumed you could boot into recovery or had hit a boot loop , this might not work but is worth a try , you could try clean the terminals on the phone and the battery ( i have had instances where my s2 just would not boot and this helped )
any time if you connect your android mobile device to a laptop/desktop , you just switch over to " notifications " and select the option which is for connecting your mobile phone to devices . click on the ' connect to storage ' option .
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
presently andtidwiki is the best , or rather the only choice , that allows you to use your wiki straight from dropbox . however , there are some small issues - like text overlap on zooming , which i hope will improve with further versions . i have not been able to find any other tiddly browser that allows editing your wiki from dropbox .
use firefox . to support saving the wiki , install the " tiddlyfox " firefox addon . i tested this works today . also it could directly open an . html file with firefox in file explorer like " es file explorer " . remark : seems tiddlywiki v5 displays better than v2.8.1 on android .
have you tried this http://tiddlyspot.com/ it basically creates a tiddly on a web server , so you can edit it with every android browser able to render it . you can download it , edit offline and when online sync it with the server version . opera mobile is not able to edit offline a tiddlywiki and save changes . firefox mobile can . other browsers i dont know . normally they need a . jar java file which the mobile browsers often cant execute afaik .
try andtidwiki . it is currently in beta , and it works well for me .
deodexed roms do not have the . odex files integrated into the . apk 's , they are removed . what eldareathis meant in his answer to the other question is that the reliance of the . apk 's on the . odex files is removed ; some information is integrated back into the . apk , but not the actual . odex file itself . the deodexing section of this page has technical details : http://code.google.com/p/smali/wiki/deodexinstructions deodexed roms may be slightly slower because of this ; however i believe that as the dalvik cache is built up from using the rom , the performance gap is minimized .
on my droid there is actually a proximity sensor that disables the screen if anything is too close to it . on the droid this sensor is up next to the ear speaker so that when you put the phone up to your ear it triggers the proximity sensor . what model phone do you have ?
on my phone i can click the power button to turn off the screen , so no buttons are there to be pressed .
undelete tools ( that run on your pc ) will not work for the phone 's internal storage on any modern version of android . ( android 4.0 and newer to not present the phone 's internal storage as a block device . ) however an app that runs on the phone itself might be able to recover something . hexamob seems to be the most recommended , and will work for you as you are rooted . good luck .
a friend had this issue with his new htc desire z . it had this issue right out of the box . the only solution he found was resetting the device to the factory settings . if you try that , make sure you have a backup of your data ! the app mybackup pro ( non free ) has always worked for me . . . .
considering that e911 requires all cell phones to provide location information to emergency services ( wiki link ) , nearly every cell phone contains a gps receiver for e911 services . given that information , i would expect there to be very few cell phones ( android or otherwise ) that do not have a gps receiver built-in . with it already built in , and the os already having to support it ( since the phone system is simply an android application ) , it would be silly to not let other apps take advantage of it ( if the user prefers ) . one thing to keep in mind : gps location is a user-controlled option in android , so it may very well be disabled .
i am almost positive that all android phones will have a gps receiver in them . cnet reviewed the first droid in 2009 so chances are they will all have gps .
the current android compatibility definition document says : 7.3.3 . gps device implementations should include a gps receiver . if a device implementation does include a gps receiver , it should include some form of " assisted gps " technique to minimize gps lock-on time . so " should " does not mean " must " . [ edited because i messed things up . apps that require gps show up in the market regardless of whether the device supports it or not . ]
encdroid available from google play store , can do what you want with dropbox : encdroid is a file manager application for android devices to keep your files encrypted on dropbox or the local storage of the device . it is compatible with encfs so volumes created with encdroid can be accessed on windows/macos/linux desktop and laptops and vice versa .
boxcryptor is in alpha stage now . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android
have not tried it yet , but cryptonite may be an option : http://code.google.com/p/cryptonite/ currently beta .
yes - you can install cyanogenmod for the i9100 s2 . get the cyanogenmod ( nightly if you feel adventurous or stick with the stable since you are new at this ) from http://download.cyanogenmod.org/?device=i9100 also , you will need to flash the appropriate gapps package from http://goo.im/gapps i highly recommend you read through the major posts of this thread on xda also , learn how to use cwm or twrp recovery - youtube has a number of videos . see how its done , before attempting to do it yourself , and of course - please back up your data to the cloud or to your pc / laptop / external sd card before attempting this and if possible , perform a nandroid backup so you can revert back to how things were should the unexpected occur and you need to recover .
i have used the astro file manager . you should be able to use this free android market app to locate and manage all the root files . if you deleted this firmware binary file in the sd card , it probably is gone . i have not heard of any undelete app for android .
this xda post provides a multiupload link , where you can download that file .
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
short answer is : you can not . the feature relies on a service called geocoding , which is done on google 's servers . the only possibility for this to be done locally would be to download the entire map data to the device and use that data to calculate the coordinates from an address . this is a resource and space consuming task ( for example , openstreetmap has a dataset of 370gb ) , and not suitable for mobiles . a workaround would be to save the coordinates themselves as a street address in the form latitude,longitude , e.g. 62.244858,25.758712 in addition to the regular address and use this " address " to show the map . the catch is , you had still have to use a geocoder to resolve the address to coordinates . all address fields are sent to google to be resolved , that is why the workaround i suggested is invalid .
i had the same problem , it is a bug that appears occasionally when you change your google account password , or when you switch to the two step verification . some apps that are using your google account can not synchronize the new password and this error appears . in my case , the guilty was the app " my tracks " ( from google ) ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.maps.mytrackshl=en ) . going to " settings > apps > my tracks " , claning data and cache and relaunching the app solved the problem . if you do not have " my tracks " app installed then try this : go to " settings > accounts > your google account " . start unchecking one of the options and select " sync now " ( in the menu ) . continue unchecking the rest of the options one by one and doing " sync now " until the synchronizing error stops appearing . at this time , go to " settings > apps " , search for the last app you unchecked , clear its data and cache and relaunch it ( the app may ask for permission , you have to allow it ) . then return to " settings > accounts > your google account " and check all the options and do " sync now " . if the error continue appearing it means that another app is failing , so repeat the operation to detect and correct it .
try out an app called watchdog . it monitors your apps and alerts you to anything that is using your cpu excessively . it might help unless it something that is draining consistently at a low level . i would have to agree that it does not sound like you have a problem . battery life seems good . juice plotter is another battery monitor that you might be interested in and its companion app juice defender might help squeeze extra life out of your phone as it can switch off your 3g off unless needed .
everything drains the battery . the screen is usually a big drain on the battery . gps will drain it , wifi , internet usage , phone calls , etc . if you got 2 days out of one charge , then you got good usage out of it . my phone is almost always tethered to power whenever it is available . desk at work , desk at home , car charger . on my device ( running cyanogenmod 7 ) , i can go to settings -> application -> battery usage . my screen shuts off after 15 seconds and it is 75% of the battery consumer .
the errno global variable concept is not bluetooth specific but comes from the ( posix ) system calls used by BluetoothSocket.cpp . your log shows that the system call accept() failed , because it returned -1 ( negative values usually indicate an error ) . additionally accept() also set the errno to 125 . if you look at the related definition in the linux sources , you find that it maps to ecanceled : #define ECANCELED 125 /* Operation Canceled */  see also wikipedia on errno . h posix errno . h
" adb : offline " reason is generally because of usb cable . if you are not using your stock cable , try with another microusb cable . . also , while it shows offline , try this : ( not everytime but sometimes it helps ) adb kill-server adb start-server 
honeycomb was actually meant for devices with large screens like tablets etc . . , there is no official update for s5300 . so you will have to root your phone and install a custom rom ( such as cyanogenmod ) on your phone . keep in mind that rooting your phone will void your phone of any warranty . also beware that any error made while flashing rom could brick your phone and make it unusable .
basically you would take a nandroid backup ( which is a image of your device as it is ) immediately after you root your phone . then at any point in time you can revert back to this backup , and unroot your phone . also : clockwork recovery will actually let you push an unrooted stock image of android back onto your droid phone . as to bricking : you should be able to get yourself out of any tricky situation you might get yourself into . but if you follow all instructions , etc . you should not have any problems . if you do have problems , try googling or referring to the xda forums ( the people there really focus on mods , hacking , etc . for android phones and might be able to help you out ) . there are only a few ways to really brick your phone ( installing the wrong cell radio for the phone would be one , for example ) .
check out are there any risks to rooting a device ? and unroot a device without wiping and how easy is it to return to stock after rooting with unrevoked also , if i were to " brick " my droid is there any means of bringing it back to life ? it depends . there is bricking , and then there is really bricking . if i were to root and then wanted to unroot later on for some reason would my phone return to the state that it was before i rooted ? not completely -- but you can unroot it -- that is , revoke root permissions . if you used root to uninstall oem apps -- those are still gone . if you installed apps that require root , those will not function w/o root permissions .
usually this space is taken up by various things that come with the device , like resources for the os , built-in apps , and just disk information . even formatting an 8 gb sd card will only get you 7.49 gb . that same logic would leave you with 30 gb , the rest is most likely the os , and various system resources .
the 32gb are in 1000byte = 1kb logic , and the 25gb should be in binary logic , so 1024byte = 1kb . which gives at first a " loss " of about 2gb : 32gb = 29,8023gib the rest of the space is mostly the android system , reserved space for cache etc . . . one small part will be the journal of the ext file sytstem which is used instead of yaffs . so arround 200-400mb i think will be covered by the ext journal . you have the same problem with harddisks too . the firms write it in decimal logic but the operating system does it in binary . some operating systems nowadays also write the correct gib or mib or kib but not all . . .
there are several interesting browser shortcuts available : ( source : android browser keyboard shortcuts )
the short answer is that the nexus phones are the most updateable - not only do they get more updates then the other phones , but they also get more support from the community in general . case in point , though google has announced that the nexus one will not get ics , cyanogenmod will be providing it . other then the nexus phones , i think it is best to stick to the high volume devices , particularly the flagship devices that are sold in many countries . these are much more likely to get the attention necessary to push the manufacturer to release updates and to release the drivers . and finally , you can look at the cyanogenmod list of supported devices . i tend to check this list before buying or recommending a new device .
i had the same problem . looking at the source of heimdal revealed that this message is send when no usb device is attached . and this was in fact the case . lsusb showed that the kernel is not aware of any usb device related to the galaxy s : after i used a different usb cable and a different usb port , my galaxy s appeared on lsusb while it is in download mode : and heimdall was able to flash a new kernel ! so i have two suggestions : try another usb cable , i suspect the original samsung usb cable to be of low quality try another usb port , ideally without a usb hub between the devices
you can switch your phone to airplane mode - this will shut down all radios . after this , turn on only the wifi and you will be able to use it as a wifi only device .
as far as i know , there is no particular requirement . you will get battery monitoring details when you send particular commands to the battery . that is , the battery itself will have hardware for that .
sync should take care of contacts and most settings on your phone . download sms backup and restore on both phones , backup on nexus s and send the backup xml file to n4 ( via bluetooth or wifi hotspot ) for restoration . for transferring files between the devices , you can use the wifi hotspot functionality . works real fast . i am not sure if it is available on nexus 4 ( being a newer , better phone , i presume it is ) , but i have it on my nexus s and have used it to transfer files from a galaxy s2 . update : anysend seems like a useful app to send files between two devices . the only requirement is that both have to be connected to the same wifi network .
alternatively , you copy the . apk for a ( properly gotten ) qr code reader to your device and install it through the file manager , as long as Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources is checked .
the key is not putting the password into the file , but make it the filename . then you can rename the file in the file manager and copy the password through the rename dialog .
if you are sure it is by google , you can find it in the list of google inc 's apps on google play . you can search for apps by any given developer the same way .
google inc . motorola mobility llc . nianticlabs@google ingress , fieldtrip waze waze nik software , inc . snapseed nest labs , inc . nest ( learning thermostat ) bitspin ( formerly team tasks ) timely , tasks bump technologies , inc bump virustotal virustotal android texttospeech listing these separately as they seem to be created within google , but were possibly personal projects/ 20% time projects , and are now retired and only accessible if you have previously installed one of the apps : google places directory team places directory google inc . android apps my maps editor by google
that is terrible ! drains to 50% only in stanby ! maybe the apps are not really shut off . you can use the free apps - juicedefender to save your power . packed with smart functions , it automatically and transparently manages the most battery draining components , like 3g/4g connectivity and wifi . or you may need to have a external battery to backup . this one sugegsted : small and portable design , powerful and giant inside . will be helpful !
xda recogined contributer bala_gamer has explained and fixed this issue . check this xda-developers thread and this news item . it would seem that the issue comes from an error in framework-res . apk . xda recognized contributor bala_gamer explains that the power drain value setting for cell standby is erroneouslyset to 34 ma ( practically impossible ) instead of a more reasonable value of 3.4 ma in power_profile . xml within framework-res . apk . he then put together a corrected power_profile . xml , and provided a quick step-by-step guide to pushing the change . those not excited about messing directly with framework-res . apk can thank senior member ausdim for providing a recovery-flashable update . zip . do not forget to read the warning and faq if any .
not really . android treats the ram like a big cache of apps that have run recently . it does not remove things from ram just to make free space , because free ram does not provide any benefit : it just makes it more likely that android would have to use more power loading the same app from storage again next time you want it . android only removes processes from ram when the foreground app needs more ram . when you think of it this way , you will see that nothing usefully reduces your ram usage , because android will keep all the ram full anyway . disabling applications has two uses : it removes the app from the app drawer , so you do not have to see it ( and maybe click it by accident ) . it stops the app running down the battery by running in the background , maybe stopping the device going to sleep .
while basically agreeing with dan , it depends on the app you disable . some of the pre-installed bloatware runs services in the background , which are quite unlikely to be killed by the oom ( out of memory ) " manager " . so disabling such an app , other apps can benefit from it : memory no longer consumed by the disabled app is available to other processes , and their likelyness to be killed due to " memory shortness " is reduced . whether you really feel a difference is depending on how much ram your device is equipped with : on devices with a small amount of memory it " counts more " , with 2 gb and more ram to command you might not notice ( except for the battery effect dan already described ) .
the colors of the rings will change gradually as they move around the clock . if you have seconds enabled you can see it pretty easily over the course of the minute . specifically , the color of the ring seems to progress through the spectrum of visible light in order from lowest frequency to highest . that is , it goes in the same pattern as a rainbow 's colors : red-> orange-> yellow-> green-> blue-> indigo-> violet ( roygbiv ) . then the cycle starts over again near the top of the clock . that is how it looks on my phone , anyway . i am not 100% positive if the other rings follow the same color pattern or if it is just the seconds ring , but the inner rings seem to be properly colored for their lengths ( as in , at the point where the seconds ring reaches the end of one of the inner rings , they are both the same color ) .
although the number that is making the call ( initiated ) is a random number , be assured the number that shows on their caller id is your google voice number , unless you have a different setting in your voice . google . com set up or on your phone . i noticed mine did this too when i called out from my phone the other day , but my client saw my gv number chad
no , this will not work for shortcuts to apps . edit2: turns out this part of the answer was wrong . thanks bryan and drake for your answers . yes , it works for internet bookmarks . from your browser , select menu > bookmarks . long-press the given bookmark and select edit bookmark ; this will allow you to change its name . you may need to delete/re-add the shortcut to your home page for the change to take affect . edit1: alternatively , if you use a bookmark manager app ( like any of the ones mentioned here ) , you should be able to edit the bookmark directly from there .
bettercut will let you create shortcuts with custom icons/text .
launcherpro is a great home switcher app , personally is the best . between the different dozens of useful features it provides also the possibility to change the text of all home icons that are shortcuts to applications , to bookmarks , etc .
look in settings -> security -> owner info . it is the only one place , to my knowledge , where you can set up text under the clock on the lockscreen before 4.2 .
your best bet would be to reflash the rom , since system reset only clears the user data , it will not restore system apps . a quick google search revealed this tutorial on how to reflash stock rom : how to flash original firmware on the lg optimus one p500
as long as your google account still is configured on the device ( and the latter is connected to either wifi or the mobile network ) , the simplest solution would be to visit the google playstore , log in with the same account you are using on your android device , chose an alternative launcher app ( e . g . holo launcher ) , hit the " install " button , and approve its permissions . a few minutes later , the app should be installed on your device -- and you again have a working home-screen . there is a big mis-conception about factory-reset , as the name is misleading : it will not reset to " as shipped from the factory " , but simply remove all settings and user-installed apps -- so it looks like " fresh from a factory " . for details , see the factory-reset tag wiki .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
afaik not much other than the frequency bands they operate on : st17i : ( i = international version ) dual-band umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a : ( a = american version ) tri-band umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900
have you tried moving your apps to the sd card ? go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Downloaded tab then tap on any 3rd-party app and then tap on the Move to SD card button ( if available . ) this should move most of the app to the card , thus freeing up space on the /data/ partition . not all apps support this method , but do try it on the largest space hogs like flash player and adobe air , for example . unfortunately moving apps to sd card this way does not touch the apps ' cache or dalvik cache . to move those you had need the old-school " apps2sd " hack . the basic idea is to re-partition your sd card and create a 2nd partition with ext2/3/4 format . the contents of /data/ folders are moved to the sd card 's ext partition and the phone 's internal memory is therefore freed up . then a script is added to android which mounts this partition at boot time and links /data/app , /data/app-private , /data/data , and /data/dalvik-cache folders to their corresponding locations on the sd card 's ext partition . there are some apps on the market that automate this ( except re-partitioning the card , which you will need to do manually . ) try link2sd or simple2ext for example . of course make sure you have a nandroid backup of your phone before trying anything . there are obvious pros and cons to this method . the pros are the ability to greatly extend the phone 's storage for apps , while keeping the internal memory relatively free . the cons are inability to cleanly un-mount and remove the sd card ( since the apps are mounted on the 2nd partition that the os is not aware of , ) and possible slow-downs in launching apps depending on the speed of the card . there sd card will also be subjected to more wear and tear , since it will be used by the system for reading/writing more than usual .
it appears the message is initially logged to my phone , and tablet , as google says " hey there is a new mmessage fofor you . " once i start in on the convo it only runs on the one device .
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
bryan 's answer is correct . however , if you do not want to wait for the os to kill something , you should use a task manager ( different from an always-running task killer ) . one is built in to the 2.2 rom on my galaxy s , and you can get to it by long-pressing the home button . i have used this for frozen apps and for when the os has not quite realized it needs to kill something so the in-focus app does not lag . additionally , you can set how aggressive your os is in killing idle apps . i do this on my phone using ryanza 's one click lag fix ( the lagfix is just for the galaxy s , but i am not sure if the app-killing settings can be used on other devices ) .
i would recommend advanced task killer , which does a great job of showing you which of your apps are currently running and giving you a one-button solution to stopping any that you want .
when i downloaded the app called cpu-z , it said that my lg motion has a 1.51 ghz msm8960 snapdragon s4 dual core . it also said that the cpu is called krait and comes with an adreno 225 gpu . so , i believe that metro pcs got their specs wrong about the lg motion , cpu-wise .
i just got a new lg motion from metropcs , and before updating the system or anything , i used the app cpuspy and it told me the cpu is 1.5ghz .
native google apps do not use password ( which you entered before activating 2-step authentication ) everytime to log in . they only need it for the first time . after the first authentication , an Auth. Token is downloaded which is used for subsequent logins . as this auth . token is not your main password , verification code is not required at all . so , your apps continue to work without asking anything . to invalidate this auth . token , you will have to change your main password . do it and you will be asked to enter password in android device . and , this time , your main password would not work . you will have to generate and use application-specific password . native google apps do not prompt for verification code . they only seek passwords which would let them authenticate .
i got the same problem . received two messages with " request failed " and am curious where they are from . i noticed that they always seem to arrive shortly after google calendar sms . so maybe that is somehow connected . as you might be able to see - the sms is sent to you and not from you . in previous days i got the google sms sometimes twice . so maybe google tried to fix the problem - what is left is a false request from google using your number with their calender application , instead of replying to google that the request is from it gets send to the alias number - being your number . i guess there is nothing to worry about . but anyway i will try to remove my number from google - i saw that somewhere you can just remove all sms notifications - that might help .
the last part of your question is easily answered , as there are a lot of permission scanners available on the playstore . for added benefit , i will just mention one : appbrain ad detector also scans for contained ad modules and more : appbrain ad detector ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as you can see in the screenshots , such an app would turn up in " has access to your messages " , and for sure in " may cost you money " . there are a lot more permission-scanners out there , some even explaining what those permissions stand for and what they mean . take a look e.g. at rl permissions , guardian droid , or aspotcat ( app by permission ) -- and check their related apps for more candidates .
the app 's homepage at http://digitalsquid.co.uk/netspoof/ lists the requirements needed for the app to work : requirements network spoofer runs on android devices with the following requirements : which are rooted ( ‘su’ ) . have an sd card ( or internal storage ) with > 450mb spare space . which has wifi so i would start by double-checking how much free space you have on your device . then it lists the currently supported ( and unsupported ) models : supported devices currently network spoofer has been thoroughly tested on these devices : samsung galaxy nexus htc nexus one t-mobile g1 it is reported working on these devices , as well as working on most other devices : lg optimus 2x huawei u8150d htc hero droid bionic samsung galaxy s / s ii samsung infuse 4g however , network spoofer doesn’t currently work with : droid / droid 2 / droid x motorola atrix many other devices should and probably will work , but please report any odd behaviour or crashes , so i can get this working with more devices . your device unfortunately is not on the list of currently supported devices , which means that the app 's author does not guarantee that it will work for you . if you follow the bug reporting link there are ways there for you to provide the dev with more information , so that they can try to get things working on your device . but before you go there , have a look at network spoofer 's faq page which does list some common problems , and some ways to get round them , or what additional information you can provide to help get the problem fixed . finally there is currently an open bug report about network spoofer not working on an s4 , with the same error message that you are getting , that does list how the reporter of the bug got it to work : i had the same problem when trying to run bt5 on my phone using the complete linux installer app , but solved the problem by changing the script from the file bootscript . sh ( attached ) to the combination of the 4 other files ( installbt first , then startbt , and bt , then stopbt to unmount everything ) . the chroot command is located in the bt script . that could be worth trying ( you will need to visit the bug report to see the attached files ) .
i would check Settings --> Applications --> Running Services first . see anything there that looks rogue ? consuming a lot of memory or the process seems hung up ?
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
performing a factory reset on an android device does not remove os upgrades , it simply removes all user data . this includes the following : apps downloaded from google play store , or otherwise side-loaded onto the device ( even if you moved them to external storage . ) preferences and data for all apps , downloaded or pre-loaded on the device . this includes call/sms/mms logs , contacts , save games , etc . personalized system settings ( e . g . saved wi-fi networks and passwords , etc . ) any google accounts you have added , along with saved credentials . the factory restore does not touch the following : contents of " external " storage ( micro-sd card , or for devices without it a part of internal memory that is set aside for this purpose ) such as web downloads , photos and videos you have taken with the device , music you have copied over from your pc , documents , and other media . exception is the apps that were moved to " external " storage . core components such as system apps* ( along with apps pre-loaded by your carrier and/or manufacturer into the system partition , ) android kernel , and bootloader . these core components are what defines the operating system version . network unlock status . * keep in mind that if you have updated any system apps via play store , those updates will be lost , and the apps will revert to the version that ships with the os .
yes , you will lose your updates , along with any other installed app that did not come with stock . but you will be able to re-update the apps via google play , and you will not lose any purchases you made ( they are stored forever on the google cloud ) . i am not sure why you are concerned about it , though . i can understand not wanting to lose your settings and data , but the only downside to losing app updates is the time and bandwidth required to re-update them afterwards . edit : you are probably asking about os updates . your phone does not keep an original os image . thus , once you update your os ( either by ota updates or by installing a custom rom ) , you will not be able to revert to the older android version . doing a factory reset should just reset the phone to a clean slate of the current android version .
if you are looking for a gui you should take a look onto droid explorer . basically it is a graphical frontend for adb especially developed for rooted phones . i know that it runs under windows ( .net) but afair it also runs linux using mono .
the android debug bridge ( adb ) can do pretty much everything you want . it is part of the android sdk , just download the sdk and enable usb debugging on your phone . you can get a shell with the command adb shell  and you can get files from the phone with adb pull  all the commands are documented in the first link i gave . another way to get any file from the phone would be to use any of the backup utilities available and back up your whole phone to your computer where you can examine it . as you already rooted your phone you might already have a backup utility installed , or you can easily install one , e.g. titanium backup root or nandroid . i have no experience with those two though , i can not tell you anything more about them . the kernel i used to root my phone included clockworkmod recovery with a backup program already integrated , so you might already have that available too .
you can tap for those words , swype 's autocompletion will use your personal dictionary to finish the rest .
so i seem to have addressed this issue , but basically by trial and error . i tried formatting the sd card , but that did not fix the problem . finally , i gave up and re-flashed the phone with a full wipe , and then re-installed my apps one by one . eventually , i found that the amazon appstore app was a cause of the problem . without amazon appstore , my phone is much snappier , and i have not seen mmcqd popping up in cpu usage . ( i have not re-installed every single app i had before , so there could have been other troublemakers . ) so , problem fixed for now , but i would hope there is a better way to figure out these types of issues .
configurations for most devices , you can only modify the volume of the earpiece , bluetooth , media volume or call volume if you are currently using that feature . so , the best is to use your device " menu " button when you are using the bluetooth earpiece and check if said option exists . alternativly , use the volume up/down from your device while with the bluetooth earpiece in use to try and control its volume . one user at droidxforums mentioned a working solution for him : turn off the bluetooth on the droid x . place a phone call like normal . adjust the call volume to the max and then hang up . turn the bluetooth on the droid x back on and activate your voice command . it will work . you can adjust volume up or down in that fashion . apps if to no avail , currently , there are a few apps available from google play store to deal with issues like this : recommended for custom rom : volume+ free and the donate version volume+ ( volume boost ) gives great results in controlling volume settings separably for each sound output available . recommended for stock rom bluetooth volume worked as promised to control the bluetooth sound output , ideal for boosting in call volume . this are the ones i have used with excellent results , you can find others at google play store .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
if all else fails . so if you can not install apps from the google store . then you can sideload them with adb . the apk can be found in backup folders from apps like ' titanium backup ' so you can have your friend install it and back it up . then copy the apk . i had a cricket phone that i did not buy service for . . . and they disabled the app " google voice " this sideload method worked to bypass that .
in my previous experience , i have always had problems downloading with chrome . i would try a different browser like boat browser or dolphin browser .
this some sometimes happens to me in chrome . what seems to work better is , instead of tapping on the link to the pdf , long-press on the link and choose save link .
you need to change the account in google maps . open the maps menu . select More &gt; Settings &gt; Switch Account . source .
i have used multiple different wall-wart-to-usb chargers . i have not had any issues charging any of my devices on any of the chargers .
some devices use usbmicro , others use usb mini . like any device , it depends on the voltage that the device can take . but for the most part , afaik , as long as the charger is the same plug type ( micro , mini , etc . ) then yes it can work . a lot of the chargers that use usb plugs output the voltage that a standard usb port would ( between 4.75 and 5.25 volts ) . if this is the case , you will have no problems . the only issue , when you use usb to charge , it is usually a slower charge then using a wall charger .
i know this is an old topic but i want to share some proper information . first : yes , the cheap ones are often poorly designed -- either using fake complacency labels or just barley making it to the standard . that being said , try to avoid using them and if it feels cheap as hell do not use it . as for the usb standard : it is 5v ( this can vary within . 25v due to component values not being exact ) . most computer motherboards supply a maximum of 500ma to usb ports -- it does not mean it will always supply that . the device ( s ) attached to it determines the current draw , the same is true for wall adapters . they will be rated for 500ma 750 ma 1a or 1.5a etc . the important number is the voltage you want to be as close to 5v as you can . all devices have some form of voltage regulation to protect agents slightly high voltage , ( if they dont it is simply bad design ) . the excess energy gets dissipated as heat . android devices are normally ok with power consumption on stand by , but when you start doing a lot of cpu heavy tasks and have all the bells and whistles going ( gps , back light , wifi , lte , cell modem , etc ) it starts drawing a lot of current ( and making the phone hot ) . i have seen phones draw more than 1a with everything running ( the battery still draining while plugged into a 1a rated power adapter ) .
the sms system itself does not support read or delivery confirmation past delivery to the network . iow your phone is notified when the message is received by the network with a recognised recipient , but nothing more . if your application is like the one on my phone , the mark indicates unread responses to a message you sent ( or unread incoming messages in general ) , not that a message you sent has been read by its recipient .
in the stock app for short messages , there is a way to get the informations you want to have : just longtap on the message and then choose " details " in the pop up . if your manufacturer put another app for text messaging in replace for the android stock app , please tell us the name of it .
as soon as the check mark is appeared on the message text body , it means it delivered the message . if you want a confirmation then you can use mysms sms app . this could deliver the status message . if you want to track the time when the sms delivered then try sms scheduler . it keeps track of all your previous messages also .
you can use the root explorer to change the keyboard layout file in /system/usr/keylayout/ this site explains it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1336114
you can use this app to do it . no need for rooting . dvorak is not available as a predefined layout ( yet ) but you can customize your own layout using the advanced settings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apedroid.hwkeyboardhelper edit : this morning i published version 2.7 of the app which supports dvorak out-of-the-box .
wifi is designed to be fast and consume little power . this is especially true if you have a fairly recent phone . the drawback of this is distance or range . you trade the power savings for distance when you use a cellular connection . therefore , a cellular connection does take up quite some power . this can be easily verified by turning on airplane mode and then turning on wifi . take note of how long the battery lasts . in other words , a poor 3g connection will absolutely destroy your battery life . i would not worry so much about keeping wifi on all the time and letting it do its thing in the background since it sips very little power on standby . so to answer your question , disable 3g when you are in an area with poor connection . keep wifi on all the time .
you will definitely have better batty life when you are not using wifi if you turn it off . i do not believe turning off 3g when you are on wifi will save much battery life , because android is already automatically routing all communications over wifi .
a battery such as this extended battery from mugen power can be used on the galaxy s without adding thickness and will usually give you around 30% better battery life . always be careful when using non-oem batteries in your phone , there are a lot of cheap ones out there , but a no-name brand battery might leak or short out . read the reviews and remember , you get what you pay for .
drag the icon to the edge , not the corners . it can be a little finicky depending on the particular touchscreen hardware your phone has .
this line will do it ( found here ) : awk '{print $1}' &lt; ~/.android/adbkey.pub | openssl base64 -A -d -a | openssl md5 -c 
there are different boot combos for different galaxies . on my phone it is up + home + power . sometimes i have to hold it for almost two minutes for some reason . if you cant boot injto recovery then boot into bootloader/downloadmode and flash there with . exe like odin or heimdall . on my phone down home power boots into bootloader . make sure the drivers are newest from samsung official site
i also faced the same problem in my phone , when i flashed a wrong rom . but i had usb jig which reset my phone to download mode automatically . then i was able to flash with odin . try using usb jig ( you can buy it on ebay ) to force your phone into download mode .
i do not know what was the issue behind it , but i upgraded my arc to 2.3.4 and surprisingly this made it work . just added it as an answer in case someone does come across any such thing .
as a worst case solution , you could try factory resetting your phone . you might also attempt to connect your phone to a pc and enable usb transfer , then eject your phone to see if this clears the issue .
when you say you turned your phone off and on , did you actually shut it down ( hold down power button to get the menu ) , or just press the power button to turn the screen off ? i would expect a shutdown and restart to clear this problem .
i solved this by plugging in my phone to a computer and choosing charge only . it was using cpu and draining my battery until i fixed it .
please keep in mind these are developer options , and may be of no use , or have a negative impact on the performance of your device . force gpu rendering the gpu is the graphics processing unit . it is very much like the cpu , but instead of crunching numbers and taking care of tasks for the operating system and hardware , the gpu renders graphical information and puts it on the screen for you . the cpu can process graphical instructions just fine , but doing so takes time away from doing other computations , and can lead to lag while graphical instructions are processed in ice cream sandwich onwards , developers ( or power users ) are given the option to force apps to use gpu rendering , whether that bit is on or off in the app 's manifest . this does not necessarily make the app faster , and may cause issues . disable non-rectangular clip ops this is too technical for me to explain in great detail . basically a " canvas " is used for drawing . the source code for android contains this : you could turn it off to create unusual ( non rectangular ) canvas areas . see here for more details on this force 4x msaa force 4x msaa does not require a rooted device . this option does the same as any anti aliasing filter in pc games - smooths out all the pixelization and provides better rendering , which means better looking graphics . users should know that this function is only recommended for devices that have gpu capable of native msaa support . as @danhulme put it : windows in android are always composited rather than rendered into shared video memory . normally , SurfaceFlinger uses the gpu for composition , but it will use a hardware overlay when that is possible , which is faster and uses less battery . disabling overlays means it will always use gpu rendering . it is only useful for debugging system integration or hw video decode : even app developers do not need to turn on this option from wikipedia in signal processing and related disciplines , aliasing is an effect that causes different signals to become indistinguishable ( or aliases of one another ) when sampled . it also refers to the distortion or artifact that results when the signal reconstructed from samples is different from the original continuous signal . disable hw overlays without a hardware overlay every application that is displaying things on the screen will share video memory and will have to constantly check for collision and clipping to render a proper image , this can cost a lot of processing power . with a hardware overlay each application gets its own portion of video memory , getting rid of the need to check for collision and clipping .
the icon in question ( on the very left of this image ) is Vibration mode on the one plus one . technically ( i guess ) it is the ' phone profile ' icon , in this case vibrate .
maybe you are missing udev rules for the other device manufacturers ? a rule for samsung is probably included by default . look here for instructions http://developer.android.com/tools/device.html
no in fact there is the Knox void warranty flag that will be set to 0x1 if you are on the 4.3 . knox is not yet really understanded but so far something is sure , if you flash any rom that does not contains the knox security ( official or not official ) it will void your warranty . so even if you flash a 4.2.2 version of stock rom from samsung it will set the knox void warranty to 0x1 and your phone will not be supported by samsung . edit 1 : well according to comment , it might be possible to avoid the change of th knox flag , with the root method from root de la vega . but still if you are in usa ( where voiding warranty with a simple logical flag is possible ) be carefull while proceding because it still tricky . souce : xda forum about knox behaviour
no you are not doing anything wrong . also it is not cyanogen 's mod fault . the problem is , i think that you bought your phone on a contract witch usually have a network lock aka you can only use it on the network from where you got your contract from . the problem is that when you change your rom , you are installing something different then what your operator 's rom had on it and the phone does not know that rom and he think you want to use it in different networks so he will only give access if you unlock it . may by you can find some tutorials to unlock your phone or you can go to your contract provider ( if the contract expired ) to give you the network key to unlock the phone .
yes you will be able to send a sms with s-voice .
there is no direct equivalent in android . each app has its own directory in /data/data ( for a multi-user system , it is <code> /data/users/ n </code> ) . apps are encouraged to show a metadata-based view of user data , instead of requiring the user to worry about individual files . each app stores the files and databases that hold its documents , and its configuration files , in its directory . for data that already live in files , the sd card contains appropriately-named directories such as /sdcard/Music , /sdcard/Movies , which are shared between all apps ( with the appropriate permission ) .
according to gsmarena , the xiaomi mi-two supports the following frequencies : 2g network : gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network : hsdpa 850 / 1900 / 2100 you can check what frequencies your country uses here . it should work in most if not all eu countries though . also , it supports chinese and english officially but there is unofficial support for other languages , located here .
it is not a software issue , it is a hardware issue . most of the times , they are referred as pink spots or purple tint/haze it happens because apparently the component called zoe puts a lot of strain on the camera module , which causes it to heat , and it could even lead to burning down your motherboard ( in extreme cases ) . reference : http://forums.androidcentral.com/htc-one/351874-htc-one-heres-skinny-infamous-purple-tint-thermal-defect.html better call htc for a replacement/fix before your warranty runs out .
the problem with my device not showing up with the fastboot devices command resolved itself . i was then able to flash a custom recovery . the only thing i did different was , i rebooted my computer and symlinked the adb and fastboot commands in my bin folder .
the post you link says that a more recent ota update fixes the problem . if you are not comfortable rooting the phone , i suggest you wait a few days and apply that update when your phone offers . to answer your other queries about rooting : yes , you can unroot again ( and lock the bootloader ) once you have changed whatever settings you like . while the phone is unrooted , ota updates will not apply . applying an ota update afterwards may undo the settings you have change : we can only guess whether they will or not . in this case , since the next ota update fixes the problem , it probably will change the tethering flag . fwiw , the problem you are seeing is not that the phone does not have the ability to tether any more . kitkat adds new tethering features , and it seems ( from the descriptions online ) that the update had the accidental side-effect of making t-mobile ( and some other carriers ) think that your plan does not allow tethering when it should . whether tethering is allowed is a matter between you and your carrier , not android . if tethering is disallowed in your contract with the carrier , and you try to do it anyway , they have every right to stop you . many carriers have other means to detect and block it that do not rely on the phone . it seems to be an accident that users on some carriers are being blocked when they should not be , and that is what the work-around ( and the official update ) avoids .
edit : after update to the question my answer is not valid for this case , i thought that the phone was not booting right after flashing new rom . leaving my old answer in case someone might have the issue i have described earlier . as far as i know until your phone boot there is no way to check logs . though i think your phone might have some problems booting due to some cached information which was not wiped before flashing your rom . i had similar issue and wiping caches fix my boot-loop on galaxys4 - cyanogenmod 11 . all you need to do before flashing your rom , is to turn your phone in recovery mode , then wipe cache , and dalvik cache , after that you can flash your rom . i can not tell you exactly how to do this because i do not know which recovery you are using . this operation will not delete any of you personal data , only some apps cache , after rebooting your phone should start preparing apps and then boot normally . in case its still not working you might try to wipe cache and dalvik cache again and additionally make factory reset , this operation will wipe all your data from your phone so if you got important information on your phone make sure its the last possible solution , after factory reset flash your rom again . also some custom roms are not working correctly with every recovery , so make sure you are using supported recovery . ps . also i advice you checking this forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/ for any information regarding flashing roms/kernels etc . disclaimer : though this worked for me , and i think it should work for you too , i am not taking any responsibility for any damages to your device , nor lost data .
install the android sdk and plug in your phone . go to a command prompt change directory to to your adb folder type adb logcat &gt; logcat.txt this creates a text file in your adb folder and would tell exactly why your phone is not booting .
the boot loader is unlocked yes ? if it is , i am not certain if it can be re-locked again for the ota update to proceed . do not accept ota updates if the bootloader is unlocked ! best bet would be to use the sony 's companion phone software under windows and let that update it manually instead : ) do not try that in a virtual machine/virtual box/vmware ! edit : why do not you go into settings > applications > manage applications , then uninstall it from there , or if you have titanium backup installed , just un-install it from there . its an ordinary apk app , that is somewhat , imho , misleading . i will explain why in a minute . sony has this strange and unusual concept of recovery/bootloader . in general speaking , there is two partitions out of many , for the sake of the edit , i am specifically focusing on boot and recovery . the general consensus is this , there is two partitions , boot and recovery , boot is what you know , is responsible for bringing up the system when the power key is pressed . this is highly specialized machine code that is tied intimately , as per the manufacturer/oem . recovery on the other hand , is where you can do basic recovery , that is , clean the data and cache partition , and re-flash the stock rom as indicated by the oem . in sony 's case , the reason , that your so-called cwm is in fact an apk is because , it would p^ and $ off a lot of users if it was installed directly on the recovery partition , . . . the big gotcha . . . yes , there is , for some obscure reason , sony decided to bundle boot and recovery into the one partition , that is where the danger lies with sony handsets , flash it directly into that , its buh-bye to your handset . as for accepting ota updates if bootloader is unlocked , there is some mechanism or checking going on in respect to the ota zip file ( i would guess ) for the presence of locked bootloader hence the warning i mentioned above . use the sony pc companion suite software for windows if you express a desire to go with the official updates from sony . so there you have it , a bit of knowledge and empowerment in understanding the nuances of android when it comes to manufacturers . yeah , i do not understand myself why the two are " merged " into one partition as a result , hence there will be the danger of messing up xperia handsets . what got me questioning about it was , why the . . . . was it being dumped into /system directory which is where the real rom lies in , then it dawned on me the reason , that is why there is a big fat warning and notice about unlocking bootloaders via the sony way . imho , there really should be two partitions - boot and recovery , after all , if that is the case , it would make modding and customizing even easier but maybe due to whatever reasons sony had , they decided to have that combined into one . ( samsung has definitely the two partitions but its not as easy as it sounds but that is a discussion for another time : ) htc is the same as samsung , zte - which i have the blade in my possession has the two hence its popular on modaco due to the ease of hacking and modd-ability ) in fact , you can actually still flash custom roms even with the bootloader locked - that was news to me but i will leave this edited answer for now .
i think there is a reason you are having a hard time finding information about how to relock the bootloader and install the ota : according to this thread you might brick your phone with the ota update . why do you want the ota instead of some custom rom to begin with ? are there any unique features ? i would play it safe if i were you and just go with custom roms in the future as well , mixing it up does not seem to be a good idea . here 's some info on relocking the bootloader anyway , but i would suggest you find and try some roms instead from the xperia neo v android development forum . edit i would like to add that i consider it bad form to downvote my answer , as there was no information available when i posted this answer on whether your bootloader was unlocked or not .
this problem is due to your email server setup . server is setup to delete mails from the server once they are downloaded to your outlook . your android email client only shows mails that are on the server , hence you can not see mails once they are downloaded . you may have an option where you can disable deleting downloaded mails , however my corporate mail server does not allow me to do this and always deletes downloaded mails , so i am not sure about this .
connect a self powered usb hub and try again . usb-otg ports often provide little power that is suitable for one device only , but may already fail for power hungry devices like very fast usb thumb drives , wifi dongles or 2.5in usb hard disk enclosures . your setup very probably draws too much . you can use any 3rd party usb power bank if you need it on-the-go . your hub may have a power input connector already . finding the right cable might be an issue though . here 's some related info , someone asked this for the sgs i9000 which does not provide power at all : usb host mode not working on samsung galaxy s using cyanogenmod
to add to @dan_hulme ' s answer , think about it in terms of use cases . video/still capture on a mobile device has become a huge feature for many users , and a huge selling point for manufacturers . considering the ( relative to 1080p ) lack of 4k content out there , the chance that a pc user will want to play a 4k video on their pc is fairly low . due to the camera-hardware arms race on the mobile market ( see link in comments , since apparently you can not post more than 2 links w/o 10+ rep ) , it very likely that a user will want to capture a 4k video on a mobile device , and if a user is capturing 4k video on a device , they will certainly want to view the video in 4k , right on their device . let 's also look at your machine . your machine is what i would consider low-to-mid-range . it has a budget quad-core processor with a dedicated nvidia video card and a decent amount of ram . high-end video fidelity was clearly not on the manufacturer 's priority list . all of this above explains why your pc might not support 4k while your phone might , and @dan_hulme above explains how they are able to support 4k , but is your smartphone more powerful than your pc ? no . probably not . as the benchmarks in a reply on this thread shows ( link in comment , you do not have to scroll down very far ) . even a core 2 duo dual-core beats an iphone 5s . not to mention a top-of-the-line consumer cpu like the i7 quad-core . and as this article shows ( link in comments ) , chances are , your phone can not actually compete with today 's video card , although it might be able to give an 05-07 card a run for its money . tl ; dr : no , your phone is not faster than your pc .
most smartphones have dedicated video encode and decode hardware . it is specifically designed for that task , and it has a fast connection to the memory , and often the decoded video frames can be accessed directly by the compositor hardware so they do not have to be copied ( or blitted ) into the framebuffer . you would not be surprised that a handheld digital video camera can do 4k video capture : it is specifically designed for that purpose . your smartphone works the same way . most pcs do not have this special hardware , so they have to do video encode and decode with software , on the cpu , or with a special compute shader on the gpu . either way , that is always going to be slower and less power-efficient than having special-purpose hardware .
afaik it is not currently possible . . . check tis forum : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/njde0koxkui
a similar question was posted entitled " software to control mobile phone via bluetooth " over at superuser . com on 11th december 2012 to which i responded : http://superuser.com/questions/517884/software-to-control-mobile-phone-via-bluetooth/517888#517888 my response was this : a program called remote professional from mobileways . de claims to be able to make calls from your pc-mobile . there is a brief article about it entitled remotely control your phone from computer from technize . com a youtube video and link to download the program is also included : http://www.technize.com/remotely-control-your-phone-from-computer/ however this method used a pc rather than an apple mac . it may well be possible that mobileways . de offer a similar program for macs . so in theory what you have asked is perfectly plausible , if they have not developed a program for apple macs , they may do in the near future .
you can lock a particular message in your conversation so you do not accidentally delete that . the check box is for those messages . see following screen-shots - first long tap on the message you want to lock , and select lock . the message should be now locked and a lock icon should appear at the bottom . now when you delete the conversation the message was in , the locked message would not get deleted if the check-box is not selected .
you can lock messages that you want to retain in your phone . iirc long pressing the message will give you the option to lock the message .
yes you can . actually , wiping an ( unrooted ) android device is relatively easy . just go into Settings and look for Backup &amp; reset option . at the very bottom of the options you will see Factory data reset , hit it and you will see some confirmation dialog , go through that and your " new " galaxy nexus will be ready in a couple of minutes ; ) this method will compeletly erase anything stored on the phone 's internal storage , including all google-related data . note that it is a good practice to also erase the sdcard partition alongside the process . some android application uses the sdcard partition to store user data which might be restored even after you wiped the device . good luck ! : )
so you want something like this : appchooser ( source : google play ; click for larger variant ) freely configurable , including the possibility to . . . switch between list and grid hide apps you never use , but still having them available quickly with a single tap sort alphabetically or by last-used then take a look at appchooser pro , available for a single buck . there is also a free version on play if you want to test it first . i went immediately for the payed version a couple of months ago , and never regretted the decision . still you might wish to pick the free version first , as i did not test it on 4.4 ( i am still on 4.0 on my phone ) .
since you have already unlocked your bootloader , you should be able to flash a recovery from fastboot and then use that to root . this will get you root on your stock rom ( but not s-off ) : download clockworkmod recovery for the doubleshot from this link download the superuser/su zip file from this link reboot into fastboot mode . to do this , remove power off the phone , remove the battery , then hold volume down while you re-insert the battery and press power . when the bootloader menu appears , press power again to select " fastboot " . flash the custom recovery image : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/clockworkmod.img . reboot into recovery ( reboot and hold volume down , i believe , otherwise use #3 above to boot into the bootloader then press volume down to select " recovery " and press the power button ) . copy the superuser/su zip file onto your device and install it from recovery . it may be easier to get the zip onto your device if you first reboot normally and then use android 's mass storage feature to just copy it over .
one question : is your bootloader unlocked ? if not that is why revolutionary failed . if your bootloader is locked , you need to use the htc 's unlock bootloader found here , then re-try using the revolutionary root . the clue was in the message which with a bit of google-fu yielded this thread on xda , post #214 and post #215 ( you will have to go back to page 22 on that said thread ) . i am not responsible for any outcome by my posting this answer . read and re-read and make sure you are ready to go ahead and do so .
what you are attempting to do is not rooting , it is called s-off . s-off is a level below root . root is like being the administrator on a windows machine , whereas s-off is like having permission to modify values in the bios . it is complete control . s-off might not be what you need for what you want to do if all you want to do is root your stock rom .
well , i rebooted the phone and it is working fine now , but still not sure why this happens . it happened to me twice and works fine when i reboot the phone . this is not an answer to my question but more like a solution to overcome that
a list with tablets will rapidly became outdated so the best is to provide a reference to 2 sites that will probably get updated at least every once in a while : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_android_devices ( not all specs available you can search for the model name here http://www.gsmarena.com/ to get the specs ) and http://www.google.com/phone ( only us devices i think )
you write that the 8.9" tablet has support for gsm telephony but that it is not activated out of the box - and that suprises and concerns you . well , for many of us , the original 7" galaxy tab is the same : the hardware supports gsm telephony but the north american firmwares have no support for it . presumably this was done at the behest of the n.a. carriers who want users to use the tablet as a second cellular device - not as a replacement for a phone . as a result , i had to root the galaxy tab and load a european firmware on it in order to activate its gsm telephony . once i did this it worked perfectly well as both a phone and a tablet . ( though it does seem rather slow by today 's standards , and it will not be getting ics . ) it sounds like that is the same situation that you would face with the 8.9" tab : the fact that the gsm telephony was not supported out of the box did not mean that it did not work well - but you need to be prepared to get your hands dirty to ' activate ' this functionality yourself .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
if just for your phone - you can simply put files manually via root explorer , reset permissions and reboot .
place you apks in system/app/ framework-res . apk goes into system/framework/ remove those apks which yours ' are replacing . now you can use the kitchen to cook your rom and then flash away : ) make sure that the apks do not have spaces in their filename . they should be flashed without issues .
another alternative is to carry a second battery pack in your carry bag . just swap the battery when you are running out . the disadvantage is that you need to turn off the phone while swapping .
i am not managing to find any iphone-like battery cases for the gnex , but you might look at an external battery pack without the integrated connector , but rather just a bog standard plug for your own cable . i personally have one made by aluratek . they also offer 3 other newer models and in retrospect , i would get one of those as they charge over microusb rather than a proprietary plug . i also use a itty bitty igo keyjuice as the cable for compactness and just velcro'd it onto the above mentioned battery pack so they are always together for use . even the smallest of those packs will net you better than 3x your runtime . another option might be an oversize extended battery , like the one offered by seido . it'll add bulk and prevent you from using any case except their 's , but it'll also come close to doubling your battery capacity even over the stock-size extended battery you have now . i personally have a stock-size extended battery from them in my incredible s and my personal testing seems to bear out their capacity claims .
there might be a number of explanations , first you might have set your handset to ignore 3g networks when connected to a wi-fi connection . to check this , try deactivating the wi-fi and see what happens . if the problem is still there , then check whether use 2g network is enabled , and disable it . try enabling 3g go to applications icon-settings-more settings-mobile networks-mobile data if there is a tick on the mobile data , then its supposed to work . so switch off the wi-fi first and try whether it will work . hope you get to solve this let me know if you do . it might also be a provider problem like stated by some , either check the apn settings with the provider , or try getting a friend to show you the apn settings . you could also try getting a different microsimcard to see whether it will work because that might also be a problem .
it seem like the line provider problem to me . . try to check the setting-more-mobile network-access point name check the setting there . . or download new access point name . . if this not fix the problem . . u need to call the provider line to help u fix the problem . thx
check on xda-developers for your device . search for root in xperia zl/zq forum . ( is not xperia zq also known as xperia zl in other parts ? ) rooting will void your warranty and in very rare cases can also brick your phone . follow all instruction given very carefully . rooting probably will not affect lte for your region .
i have samsung galaxy note ii . in my phone i can configure the content synchronization in : settings / cloud / contents sync there is independent sync setting for pictures and videos .
the program that your phone ask to install is pc companion . you can skip the pc companion installation . if you need to connect in msc mode in settings-> xperia connectivity-> usb connectivity-> usb connection mode-> msc
ifttt . specifically , with the ifttt android app . the android location channel can trigger when you enter ( or exit ) an area you define . simply use one of the metric ton of possible actions ( e . g . , pushover , pushbullet , sms , android notifications , etc . ) with it . ( browse the recipes that use android location for some ideas . )
ask your railway company . or your government . or both . the dutch railways ( ns ) has an app where you can plan train trips , but also get notifications when you need to check in and out and change trains , and realtime information about delays and schedule changes . and since all public transport data is freely available in my country ( and some others ) , there are other apps that can do the exact same . so just search for the names of your transportation comnpanies in the play store , and see what you find . you may be surprised .
automation apps like condi ( free ) or tasker ( $2.99 ) can allow you to configure rules based on specific criteria . i personally have used condi and , though it cannot calculate the time it takes to get to a location like google maps does , it can display a notification/alert when you are within a certain distance of a point ( eg . within 500 meters of your stop ) that you can select using maps . it is also very configurable for other very useful automated behavior .
there are likely two calendar apps on your system . stock android includes an app and google provides one as well , which might be preinstalled on your device , or you may have downloaded it without realizing it . they both look very similar ( which is probably why you thought they were the same when you held on them for the app info screen ) . check in your app drawer . the stock android calendar is a green calendar icon , and the google one is blue . then disable notifications for one of them . you can always click on the roll-up notifications and when that app opens , go into the settings and disable notifications . then go to your app drawer and check both icons ( both are labeled calendar ) see which app has notifications disabled . once you determine what app it is , if it is the google calendar , you could just uninstall it , or if it is the built-in one , you can disable it via settings -> apps -> all -> calendar -> disable .
if you use the calendar app that i do ( which i believe is the stock android calendar app that has a pink icon ) , click the icon to open the app , click settings then mine has a " set alerts and notifications " where i can select from 3 options : ( 1 ) alert , ( 2 ) status bar notification , or ( 3 ) off . i use the stock calendar which uses my google calendar and i also use nudnik reminders app . so all three of those apps have settings for notifications that i have to consider . hope this helps !
if you are using the blue google calendar and want to stop getting 2 notifications do as i do : i went into the stock android calendar ( pink ) and in settings checked the play notification sound box , picked my notification sound and then unchecked every other box for these settings . then i went to the blue google calendar and general settings . in notifications and reminders i checked the notifications box , picked my sound so that it is the same one as the stock calendar one i chose earlier and decided to check the box to vibrate and i checked pop-up box . then i unchecked the the main notifications box leaving the other boxes checked but greyed out . if you leave the main notification box checked as well you will get 2 pop-ups !
i can confirm that this is normal behaviour for the default ( blue ) google calendar on the nexus 4 - just the 1 app . having tried a few tests of my own . . . the multiple " roll-up " events appear to be events for which you have already received a notification , but have not explicitly acknowledged or " dismissed " it - in which case the notification remains in the notification area and forms this group when the next notification occurs . in the screenshot above , a notification has just occurred for " test3" , while notifications have already occurred for " test1" and " test2" , but i did not acknowledge/dismiss them . i could , for instance , tap on the " roll-up " and dismiss " test2" - it will then be removed from the notification area . the only way to stop this roll-up of events is to either : dismiss the notification as it occurs . do not set a notification for these events .
there is a bit tricky method suggested by one of xda members . rooting is required . download and install a terminal emulator on your android tablet . run the emulator and enter the following commands : dhcpcd usb1 setprop net . dns1 8.8.8.8 the android phone from which net connection is to be sourced must be connected via usb cable and on that phone enable usb tether . now you can access internet on your android tablet using your android phone as a usb modem !
i can trim to two clicks : 1 for full backup to local storage and another for dropbox sync . for full backup to local storage : 1 . tap and hold on empty home screen area . choose widgets . 2 . from pop-up list , tap titanium backup ( actions ) . again , tap action . 3 . on next screen , choose backup all user apps + system data and tap create widget button . 4 . done ! now , all you have to do is to tap this widget from your home screen . for full sync to dropbox : 1 . make sure you have already enabled and configured dropbox sync from menu ~> preferences . 2 . from preferences , tap dropbox settings and then labels to synchronize . check synchronize everything checkbox and tap ok . 3 . done ! now , all you need is to open app and tap sync to dropbox now ! button at bottom from overview tab . . main method for full backup to local storage ( to shoot out your confusion ) : 1 . tap backup/restore tab . 2 . tap click to edit filters just below tab bar ( right-side ) . make sure all radio buttons are set to all and there is no label are selected ( if you have labels ) . tap apply button on top-right . 3 . hit physical menu button and choose batch . 4 . on next screen , tap run button left to backup all user apps + system data . tap run the batch operation button on top . go really for a sleep : setup and enable a full backup schedule profile from schedules tab . it will be enough if you just enable the two default schedule profiles . you can change its backup frequency after tapping edit button . so , in the last , you just need 1 click : 0 for full backup and 1 for dropbox sync ! : ) what about 0 clicks ? ? install dropsync and link tb 's backup directory to a folder in dropbox ( free version supports 1 directory linking which is enough for this ) . it'll sync backups with dropbox automatically ( make sure Auto Sync is check in settings ) . so , you do not need even that one click . . .
as of version 4.8.2 you can automatically synchronise to dropbox ( or box .net) with each scheduled backup : go to schedules in the main menu select a schedule or create a new one fiddle with the time settings to your heart 's content select " sync to dropbox " in the " when finished:" combo box at the bottom . could also be a good idea to adjust the " connectivity modes " to synchronise over wi-fi only in the settings to avoid unnecessary data charges ( if applicable ) .
as can be seen in this video from the google i/o conference , in jelly bean applications can no longer read the system log for other applications , they can only read their own log . this has broken most ( all ? ) system log readers , here 's a blog post from a developer of such an application talking about how it has affected his application . the only way to have an app read other apps system log entries when using jelly bean is to root the phone . although other apps can not read the log files it is apparently possible to do it from the pc , try giving logshark a go .
the easiest most simple way that will give you definitive results is to remove all apps and install them one at a time until you install one that starts your problem . if you just installed an app recently and think it may be questionable , uninstall it and see if your problem is gone . this in all honesty is a lengthy process .
option 1: go to device manager in windows and delete anything having to do with your phone ( lg , google , android etc ) plug in your phone , the drivers should install automatically option 2: download airdroid on your phone . . . . you can transfer files over wifi
go to settings then storage click the 3 dots in the top right hand corner click usb computer connection choose one of the 2 options
it should work with maps ( + ) ( or its ad-financed free version maps ( - ) offline navigation ) . this app was developed for exactly this purpose ( even before google labs introduced the " pre-caching " feature ) . i never tried it myself , but the comments look promising as well . maps ( + ) ( source : google playstore ; click image to enlarge )
nope - there is no way at this time of writing to download maps for google maps other than using google maps itself . if it denies downloading due to selection of large area , there is no way to do it other then using another app . if you would like to use a different mapping app , still using google 's offline maps or other maps like openstreetmap , you may try using trekbuddy . to know more about it , you can read about it from its wiki page and/or see these questions : how to have my phone guide me through a specific route how to get maps for off-line usage ? how to import gps coordinates track for using offline
although the sony xperia tipo is listed by freexperia as a supported device , the tipo dual is not . it is not clear from the site , so it may simply be that ( the unofficial port of ) cyanogenmod can not access the sim cards in that device .
use ideal text enlarger . works without need for root . but not all apps work with it and overly large fonts make the interface more difficult . i am looking for a similar solution , but in terms of accessibility , the ipad 's triple finger gesture to zoom and magnify any part of the screen in any app is unmatchable in android as yet .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
you have said that you partitioned before installing link2sd but not before installing data2sd . data2sd also requires extra partition just like link2sd . the reason link2sd being not effective is because it moves all but data to sd-card . if any of your app uses huge data it will fill your internal space quickly . try going to settings -> apps -> sort by data size and see which apps are on top and try clearing their data . this will free some space for some time but also clear that particular app 's data . as you have pointed out installing dalvik cache to sd would be best . in my custom rom i have to open terminal and type a2sd install and supply option y , n , y . most probably this will work with your rom as well .
i would check what is taking up so much of the internal memory . i use sd maid app , and use these functions : corpsefinder , systemcleaner , appcleaner , duplicates , biggest files . when i could not install google maps after reflashing my cm10.1 with the latest nightly , i used the biggest files and delete some files i would downloaded before ( other nightlies that i have saved ) . i also deleted some files that were no longer being used . when i was done , i was able to install google maps .
yes , you can now install the stock android keyboard from the play store - it is called google keyboard .
there is no official way of installing the default keyboard if it is not installed by the manufacturer . however , there may be unofficial ways using files stripped from other devices or compiled from aosp . there are some keyboards on google play , see for example keyboard from android 2.3 , which claims to be like the default keyboard from android 2.3 . another way of getting the default keyboard may be installing another rom . i think hardware makers would install their own keyboards if they think that they are superior to the default one , for example because they better work on the screen size of a device .
you could achieve this in two ways : have titanium create an update.zip with the wanted data . this you could then simply flash , and you are done titanium also supports a kind of " tags": setup a filter matching all the stuff you want , and save the selection as a tag ( or tag the wanted items manually ) . then select by tag and backup . make sure to have titanium sync its settings to your sdcard . after the rom upgrade , first re-install tb ( which then syncs with its settings from the sdcard ) , select the items by tag , and restore .
i do not think so . but depends of the application , if it is open source you can submit a patch or ask for bug fix/new feature .
i know i may not be understanding your question the way you intend it but bryan denny just pointed out androidaudiohacks . com which i believe will solve your problem but not mine ( because it only works on htc phones ) . via bryan 's answer to another similar question
the same thing had happened to my n7 . here 's what worked for me . let your device stay in that state for as long as the battery lasts , i.e. wait till the battery is dead . after that is done , power on the devise by holding the two volume buttons and then connect the charger or connect to a computer . use your volume buttons to navigate to START and click on the power button that should bring it back to life Edit here is a photo of the boot loader i found on google which shows the Start
flashing baseband via odin lost my imei and phone number and connectivity . i have fixed this by flashing modem via cwm . after that the disconnections have seemed to stop . also another problem got solved - before i could not copy +200mb file from pc to android via samba fileserver - something disconnected the process every time . now i can copy 300mb file without disconnections . i will wait for a day or two and try to mess with wi-fi settings and let you know if the problem is really solved . izzy : i am sure my internet was going through wi-fi . now the logs are different than before flashing modem ( or replacing kernel , although kernel did not solve the problem ) . here is what i get if i check what you suggested :
i have solved the problem by flashing modem ( aka baseband aka radio ) only through cwm / recovery mode . this way i have kept all my settings and apk 's and rom and kernel . the files i have used ( for sgs i9000 ) can be found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1158783 you have to choose appropriate modem according to your phone/location/operator . perhaps it needs to be done twice or with correct modem ( i suggest trying few times ) . my actual procedure ( i do not suggest repeating it ) was : flashing several tar . md5 modem files several times via odin which did not work and i have lost my imei and phone number and signal . later i have restored backed up /efs folder bud did not help with imei . then i flashed zip modem files over cwm in recovery mode which solved both problems . personally i have tried i9000xxjvu and i9000xwjw1 and both worked . after updating rom with latest nightlies and later changing the kernel i notice that baseband version does not change . this is probably why i could not solve the problem by changing roms and kernels before . i read somewhere that modem does not affect wi-fi , but obviously it does to some degree .
ok , so it is quite obvious that your phone is receiving 3g service ( likely edge/umts ) , not just the 2g gprs service . gprs is simply not capable of the speeds you are getting . since you have called the carrier and had them check , it is their problem . i would say just go with it and enjoy the free service . do not let them charge you for it if they figure it out later , since you did try to make them aware . if you are worried about it just call again and make the situation really clear .
in short : both llama and tasker have the wifi network connected/disconnected state where you may trigger tasks/actions . tasker also has a wifi near state so that you do not have to be connected to a network for a task to trigger , whereas llama does not .
in tasker create a new State based context and choose Net as state category . then choose Wifi Near as net action : this will bring a screen where you can input data about the wifi access point you are interested in . if you are near the desired wifi access point then you could just press the scan button ( the button with lens symbol at left end of the text SSID ) . this scans the near by access points and lists its details . simply select the one which you are interested in . now you are good to go to add an entry task and exit task to whatever you want .
do you use a nexus 4 ? this should not be happening with your phone as nexus 4 is quite a fast one . it happens with slow phones especially when you have battery saving apps installed . try formatting your phone and deleting apps you do not need .
solved this by installing image 2 wallpaper . one would expect such basic features out of the box . .
you may try wallpaper changer from " j4velin development " . i hope this may do the trick for you . you can also customize the desktop by rotating a bunch of wallpapers . this app automatically adjust the background in the best possible way . i know you found out your own way . but if you are interested , give it a try via this link
it sounds like the brightness control in the hardware is broken . perhaps when the mechanic installed it he did not manage to connect the ribbon cable correctly . there is no way an app can work around such a hardware problem . you should return your phone to the mechanic and ask him to actually fix it this time .
if you are able to transfer the split files from your pc to your android device , which most probably will , you can use this app to join the files . also make sure you split the file using 7zip on your pc . hope this helps
a typical a-gps-enabled receiver will use a data connection ( internet or other ) to contact the assistance server for agps information . if it also has functioning autonomous gps , it may use standalone gps , which is sometimes slower on time to first fix , but does not depend on the network , and therefore can work beyond network range , and without incurring data usage fees . some a-gps devices do not have the option of falling back to standalone or autonomous gps .
my nexus ran the battery flat and would not restart , although i did not have the backlight issue that you mention . there are a number of tricks suggested at : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2668668?hl=en which involve powering on and pressing volume buttons . this worked for me and the nexus now behaves as well as it ever did .
the problem is that the device was stuck in fastboot . i had to use adb to get into the bootloader , and change to normal boot from there . now , everything works . i assume he let the device run out of power while updating , as it completed updating once it was out of fastboot . thanks for all the help you gave me . you may not have solved my problem , but i still appreciate it .
you do not need to back up media files or app data . they are in device 's internal storage . if you are performing a factory reset these datas wont be erased unless you select Erase Internal Storage when performing a factory reset . if you still need to backup the media files or app data , connect your xperia s to a pc and backup the files in the pc .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
i have just tried a normal microsoft usb mouse on my asus eee pad transformer running android 3.1 . it works just fine both in pre-installed applications ( i tried the browser ) and in third-party applications that i am pretty sure have no dedicated support ( they are not even adapted to 3.0 yet ) . and as @patrick noted , pretty much all usb mice and keyboards support the usb hid protocol , so you will not need specific per-mouse drivers .
you reset your phone means there will be no apps in that . to find out what is occupying your phone memory goto settings -> manage application or settings-> storage option to find out what is occupying space in your device . another way : if you have any file manager application installed in your phone go to internal storage and find out the things which occupying space in your phone . it may be any files such pictures or videos .
it depends . some phone manufacturers adds the feature of moving apps to sd card in some of their models but most of them does not have this feature by default . although you can change that manually by rooting your phone and using an app called ' app2sd ' on any version of android .
if you add an additional google account , android will ask you which account to use when there is ambiguity . from the main screen of most google apps ( including play store ) , you can tap the upper left corner of the app , and from the slideout menu touch your email address ( which will be at the top of the slideout menu ) , and then choose another address associated with the fun to use the app as that account .
the first answer is one way to do it , just make sure in settings under sync , that you remove the check box for gmail and any other services you are not going to use from that account . another way which i have not tested myself as far as retaining apps but should work is to log into your gmail account from a browser and go to settings and there is an option to set up alias gmail accounts under your main account .
yes you can , you will need to create a different " calendar " ( probably " tag " would be a better name , but that is google 's terms for it ) . creating a calendar ( do this from the desktop , i did not found a way to do it from android 's calendar app ; do anyone know ? ) : go to http://www.google.com/calendar . look for the " my calendars " box on the left , click on " add " fill in the information , and click create calendar . you can change the color later from " my calendars " box , by clicking on the triangular button . adding events to calendar ( can be done from android ) : on the " create new event " view , choose the calendar you have just made from " calendar " combobox .
after following lie 's steps to create a new calendar in google calendar , you will have to add it to the calendar app : open the calendar app menu > my calendars menu > add calendars select the calendar you just added lie mentioned this in a comment , but i do not have enough rep to respond . add calendar is for adding calendars to the app that are not in the my calendars list already . it will not let you add new calendars to google calendar . ( the above is true on my xt720 running eclair-2.1 . )
check this link . install the su binaries from here than update to latest version . hope this helps .
you should be able to download the latest supersu from chainfire . push that to your nexus 7 using adb push and install it from your custom recovery . i am guessing you have that already ?
just tap and hold the point of interest on the map , and then tap the location when it pops up . then select what is nearby ? .
link to stock browser apk the link contains the apk for the stock browser . alternatively , as you have chosen you can build the stock browser from source also . how to build stock browser from source code , stackoverflow generally you can also use the avd for testing the browser , but not if you need multi touch and other ' phone ' related functionality . chrome is now the stock browser for nexus devices , and most oems ( manufacturers ) include their own version of the browser .
try this 1 . settings > tap home screen mode > select standard mode 2 . tap apply and reboot .
if you can remember that you had used ( does not matter which ) a google account on your lost note2 , you could go to accounts page of the play store in a computer . you can see the devices that are attached with the account with its registered and last used date . since you have multiple google accounts ( that is what i understood from your question ) you have try logging in with each and try the above said in a computer . with the last used and registered date you can identify which account was last used in your lost note2 . if you are confident that the lost phone is still switched on and connected to internet , you use androidlost to get into the process of identifying it or manage your stuffs .
i know it is too late , but here is a quick tip you can follow in case you lose it again and still not remember which account you used : get all your google accounts ( all you can remember ) , then try logging in with all of them one by one in this site : http://www.google.com/android/devicemanager one of your accounts will locate your phone if it is still on and is connected to the internet .
first , you need a " dyndns " account , so from outside , you can connect to your home network without knowing the ( daily changing ) public ip . then , you install ssh on the nas ( i guess you will use linux , e.g. ubuntu server lts ) . i would recommend forwarding another port to ssh , like 12345 , in order to stop at least basic , automated scans from finding your ssh server . as client , i would recommend es file explorer . connect to your nas by sftp . it is using strong encryption .
uhhh , you are going about this the wrong way . you do not adb push the flash image onto the handset itself then adb shell into it and flash from there . the two reasons being is that from the adb shell it cannot " see " the recovery partition and does not know anything about it ! there is limited space within the /data mount point which could have contributed to the endless stalling . . . the correct way to do this is from the pc side , put the handset into fast-boot mode or boot-loader mode , plug in the cable into handset and use the fastboot flash recovery recovery.img then reboot the handset via fastboot reboot , holding down the volume down key to get into recovery mode . the windows equivalent of the fastboot command would be fastboot-windows iirc .
there is no direct relation between the chrome mobile and any firefox version . what you can do , is to synchronize the information from your chrome mobile to the chrome desktop version , and then , using a desktop application , pass the bookmarks for any other browser . xmarks is a free bookmark sync application that supports among others , synchronization between google chrome and mozilla firefox : install xmarks on each computer you use , and it seamlessly integrates with your web browser and keeps your bookmarks safely backed up and in sync . xmarks will sync across browsers too . today we support firefox , chrome , internet explorer , and safari ( mac os ) . additionally , you can go premium and benefit from the android application to ease the process : premium features overview xmarks on android the xmarks mobile app for android is available in the google play store . you can also install via lastpass.com/xmarks.apk it lets xmarks premium users access all their desktop bookmarks and open tabs on their device . supports google android 1.5+ xmarks for premium customers by lastpass available from google play store . bookmark sync and web discovery application that will allow you to carry your xmarks ( formerly foxmarks ) data around with you . sync bookmarks with android browser add , update , and delete bookmarks view open remote tabs as for the remaining browser capabilities , like saved passwords , afaik you can only pass them to the google chrome desktop version .
i have an siii on ics and when i add an event to the calendar i have a " privacy " option which allows me to choose default , private , or public , however i sync my calendar with google calendar and not with exchange .
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
it is not very uncommon for cyanogen to have some problem with battery status reading . things you can try : turn off the phone and take off the battery for a while ; let the battery fully drain and then reset the battery calibration on clockwork recovery ; try an app like this . i am not sure why , but when i changed my battery visualization to a percentage view instead of the default ( in the cyanogen configuratons ) , the battery lectures of my smartphone started to give me wrong readings . when i switched back , it got back to normal after a fully recharging .
yes , instacamera , made in new zealand . . . !
to read rtf files you basically just need and app that supports that file format . here 's a good one that additionally supports many other document types : cool reader by vadim lopatin available from google play store . reading books in epub , fb2 , txt , doc , rtf , html , chm , tcr , pdb , pml formats . ebook reader . supports epub ( non-drm ) , fb2 , doc , txt , rtf , html , chm , tcr , pdb , prc , mobi ( non-drm ) , pml formats .
on android , the best rtf editor i have found sofar is officesuite , which i use in conjunction with foldersync , in case no wifi is available , i can then edit the rtf on the lokal drive of the tablet and then sync with whatever cloud drive you are using .
thinkfree office mobile android office officesuite pro 6 all these claim to allow editing of rtf files .
i am using apabi reader for documents reading . this app is great for asia sepecific languages .
andropenoffice is a good reader and has potential to develop into a good editor . cloudon may a good alternative but i have not been able to try it yet .
jota text editor : a small program , not like the huge office suites . i have tested it and seems to be working : i created a . rtf file from jota on android , sent to a windows pc , and wordpad opened it ok . issue detected : seems not to open ( at least correctly ) . rtf files created on windows by using wordpad ( if someone knows how to correct it , please report ) . at least you can write your . rtf from scratch on your android device .
after you have enabled encrypted storage , the password is the same as your lock screen password .
you need to get this information from your university . ask the it department to walk you through it or just give you the necessary information . from what you have said : email accounts are provided by microsoft . seems to me they are using exchange in a windows domain ( i could be wrong ) . therefore , you will need a server link , domain name , username , and password . also , on a separate note , you should do some research on how email works and email protocols ( pop3 , imap , smtp , exchange , gmail , and so on ) . here 's a helpful link : email protocols : pop , imap and mapi
yes you cannot change it unless you have root access . but you can disable it if you do not like it . go to settings => sounds => deselect the Touch Sounds option . just in case you have root access , go to /System/media/audio/ui/ and replace the file named touch.ogg or tick.ogg or effec_tick.ogg or the one with a similar name .
from the commentary , it appears that you are having install problems , that is , out of internal storage , not ram problems . assuming that is so , then no , there is not any real fix - you can not increase the internal storage of the device , you can only add a bigger sd card ( external storage ) and move apps to it . the best you can do is to borrow the device regularly and push apps off to the sd card before things start to go wrong .
sounds like you are very confused about ram and storage differences . this article should help you out , this is a reference to pc 's but applies to android devices also . http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-the-difference-between-ram-and-memory.htm in layman 's terms ram is a kind of temporary storage that apps are running their data from as it is fast , however storage is the permanent storage of your apps . why does your memory/ram run low ? likely because you have multiple apps open in the background , consuming ram , which causes the foreground app to run out . or it could even be that the app needs more ram than your device can provide , it is a little dated after all , if you were wanting to play all the latest games on it . why does your storage run low ? simply because there is too much stuff installed , or their could be a specific culprit with a large amount of cache/app data . check this through the applications manager in your settings .
out of memory errors occur when the device runs out of ram - is this what you are talking about ? if so , then the easiest way , if rooted , is to install auto memory manager from google play , and lower the values , so it does not kill apps as much . if you mean the storage keeps on running out , then the only way to solve this is to either : uninstall the most memory consuming apps . move some apps to the sd card . please be aware that the internal sd card and the /data partition ( where apps are installed ) are different , and only ~1-2gb will be mounted to the /data partition . you can solve this by upgrading to ics however - which may be the better option , if your device supports it .
this sounds an awful lot like my htc incredible 's /data/data issue , an issue common to at least that phone if not other htcs ; that is , that the phone reports being out of memory/storage space ( not ram , as you know ) even when everything you can see says there is plenty left . they key is in the partitions . when you look at the storage space left on your device in System &gt; Storage you are being shown the space left internally ( the /data/apps partition where the . apk files are ) and on your sd card ( the /mnt/sdcard or /mnt/emmc partition where your music and photos are ) . this neglects to show you the /data/data partition , however . that partition is where your apps ' data , settings , and user information is stored . i am guessing this is partition that is full and is the reason you are getting notifications about low storage space . unfortunately you will not be able to confirm this without root because access to this partition requires it . why android/htc/whoever would make it so confusing and difficult is totally beyond me . when i rooted and investigated , i found the /data/data partition on my incredible to be laughably small and completely full , explaining why i constantly ran into errors . moving apps to sd helped , as did ritually clearing data from some of the big ones ( facebook was the biggest if i remember correctly ) but that was a huge chore . in the end i just had to severely limit the number of apps i had on the phone at any one time .
if you really do that often , compile/install image magic and use a script . https://github.com/lilac/android-imagemagick you will dread the though of going back to the lame algo in those apps .
there is a fairly new app called perfectly clear which allows you to select multiple images and apply corrections to all of them at once in batch . you could also set a preset and apply the enhancements the same way for all images . fair warning , for the more advanced features they have in-app purchases .
have you tried a sideload ? i found i could not do anything after loading an initial release of the ubuntu for phones os and a sideload revived my galaxy nexus .
the sim card is not capable of managing complex records . due to its limited storage , it only holds one phone number per contact , and also misses other details . so when your " old phone " allowed for multiple phone numbers with one contact while storing the data on sim , it must somehow have used multiple contacts , and displayed them in a kind of " merge view " ( had it used some own format to achieve this , your sim contacts would have become incompatible with other devices , so that approach is unlikely ) . while that would be doable on android as well , it is not a standard for good reasons : how to tell which contacts to merge ? by their name ? there might be multiple " john smith " entries , not necessarily pointing to the very same person . as long as there is no standard defined , implementations might differ and thus leading to different results – which is the most likely reason it is not done at all .
unfortunately , you really need root for this . from clocksync , google themselves have mentioned this : hi , it is by design that applications can not change the time . there are many subtle aspects of security that can rely on the current time , such as certificate expiration , license management , etc . we do not want to allow third party applications to globally disrupt the system in this way .
most likely it is a difference in the trrs layout of the headset . for example , i have two " similar " headsets , one that came with samsung galaxy s and another that came with samsung galaxy tab 10.1 . even though they look similar to the naked eye , if i use the galaxy s one with my tab , i only get mono sound due to a minor difference in the trrs layout . sometimes i can remedy this by pulling the jack a little out of the plug , but it is very tricky to keep it in the correct position . anyway , you should test the jack with different headsets to verify that there is no physical damage to the jack .
starting with kitkat , you can make one app the default sms app . by default , on a device with google apps , that is hangouts , but you can install as many sms apps as you like . if they have been developed/updated for kitkat , they should be fitted to be used as " default sms app " . of course , if you do not need one of the pre-installed apps , or do not want to use it at all , you can go to settings→apps and see whether it can be disabled ( some pre-installed bloatware is protected against this ) .
s2e moves the whole applicator folder to your ext partition . if you want to move specific applications you need to use something else . something else in this case can be link2sd . you can pick apps and even data to move .
it looks to me you need the usb driver on your pc . search huawei site for " usb driver " . also set " usb debug " on ( on your phone , that is . i do not know if this alone would solve your problem , though ) .
my phone is amoi n828 and i have a similar problem . my workaround is disable the usb debugging : ) then reconnect your phone to the computer : ) hope this help .
install Sony Pc companion . go to folder in which flashtool is installed mostly C:/Flashtool . you will find drivers folder in which you will find Driver.exe click it select the driver for your device click install . windows will give you error select Trust the vendor . it is better to turn off your antivirus . once installed enable usb debugging mode and connect
given that mcafee himself ( who has had nothing to do with the software for years after selling it to intel ) describes the product as " the worst software on the planet " , i would take the refund and be grateful at dodging that bullet . i will not recommend a particular one , but you could buy six copies of a competing android security product for what a year 's subscription to mcafee live safe costs .
from my own experiences , they do not allow this . when i am in the us with my australian google play account [ and australian credit card ] , i am unable to make any purchases from the play store . the reason being the us play store refuses my card details due to it is australian address . this may vary from region to region . but generally for the us and uk [ not only google play ] , they enforce regional restrictions in a more strict manner due to licensing restrictions of the multimedia content , ie : music and movies .
as far as i know google does not allow the use of international cards ( at the moment ) . i also heard from some other people ( and t0mm13b acknowledges it too apparently ) that the play store looks at your current sim card to know your home country . so maybe if you could get your hands on a german sim card ( maybe an old one that does not really work anymore ) , you can still pay for applications . or you can have a look for some cheap credit card in the uk .
it does not look good i am afraid . you would need to be able to see ' something ' relating to the phone from a ' lsusb ' command to be able to use odin to recover your device without cracking it open . you have probably already seen this , but it looks like the jtagbox is your best bet . good luck !
i saw this exact same issue on my motorol droid v1 ( same hardware i believe ) . with android 2.0 , 2.1 , and 2.1 update 1 my phone would sometimes report the battery completely drained just a few minutes after unplugging it . i have not seen this issue again since the 2.2 update . before the update the way i would get the phone to display the proper charge level was to plug in the usb charger for just a moment . as soon as the phone saw that it was charging the charge level immediately displayed correctly .
some custom recovery images have a command to clear the battery cache , this has fixed similar problems on different phones for me .
although not generally recommended for li-ion batteries , i believe a full discharge and recharge cycle will also clear these statistics .
i think uninstalling angry birds and then reinstalling it should fix the problem .
that means something 's wrong with the package setup . for your reference , here are a few links with more detailed information : android duplicate provider authority - stack overflow android duplicate provider authority problem - stack overflow angry birds seasons summer pignic now available | angrybirdsnest ( search for " duplicate provider " on this page , should appear around the middle ) duplicate provider authority error when installing k-9 mail - google groups recommendation : contact developer ( for security reasons both developers , in case somebody faked the signature ) . it is most likely a copy-and-paste error during the packaging process , so the developer might release a fixed update soon .
the least tricky way is : take your 2gb card out of the device , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your computer copy all contents from the card to an empty directory on your computer safely remove the card reader , replace the 2gb card by the newer , bigger one , and attach that to the computer copy the contents of the directory from step 2 . to the new card safely remove that card again , and place it into your android device when in doubt about the hidden stuff , use linux for the copy process . you can even boot it from a livecd . from a terminal command , use cp -R /path/to/source/* /path/to/target . on the other hand , if using windows and you can see the files/directories starting with a dot ( watch out e.g. for the .android_secure directory ) , they should be copied along fine . see also : how do i switch my android device 's sd card without causing problems ? changing sd card just a simple copy and paste app2sd - changing the sd card how to upgrade / swap sd card without losing data and installed apps ?
as gathrawn already indicated , the answer to your question is covered by how to backup an android device ? . as far as the kernel is concerned , two of the answers apply : using adb pull to do a file system copy as described in this answer create a nandroid backup from within your custom recovery as detailled in this answer both variants require your device to be rooted , and for the nandroid backup you will need to have a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod ) installed .
i am having precisely the same issue . i was comfortably getting 18ish hours , and now roughly 9 . android os was at somewhere around 75% usage , where normally it rests cozily below display usage . i have swapped in my spare battery and things appear marginally better , but i am not so sure just yet . i am pondering the possibility that a hard power off might have helped also ( vs . a regular reboot ) check out this article also , it seems very familiar and his was a faulty antenna .
the solution : ok here is the deal . . . i researched this as it happened to me just that way a few days ago . . . . but first , some background . i bought the samsung galaxy 3 from radio shack-my carrier is sprint . the device has not been rooted . had pretty good luck with the samsung epic ( galaxy s ) . installed : juice defender pro-almost doubled my battery life until . . . . 4 days ago , i awoke at about 6 am to see that the battery had been charged , so i disconnected the charger . went back to sleep , and about 8am , was horrified to see that the battery had somehow drained to 23% . . . it had drained 3/4 of its capacity in just under 2 hours ! well that aint happening . after some very tedious research , i was left with a few possibilities : 1 ) bad battery or device ( no kidding ) ( 2 ) make some setting changes ( i did that . . . i set my display to minimum and not to auto , and made a few other changes ) but the thing that did the trick was uninstalling some apps that i just installed . once that was done , the phone ran fine . the problem is that some applications , especially third party ones , will not always work properly , and/or can drain the battery . the only way to know for sure is to uninstall them . . . wait to see if it helps , and if it does , then install them again , and see if the problem returns . i elected to not reinstall the applications . i figure that i can try others , and today , i only install one app at a time , and if the phone behaves properly , then it stays . there are many things one can do to extend battery life . i love juice defender pro . it does what it says it will do , and was worth every dime i paid . there are other things you can do like use airplane mode when listening to mp3 's . i went on a motorcycle ride , listened to music for 3 hours , and only used about 8% of my battery life to do it . anyway , i hope this helps . try getting rid of apps that were most recently installed before the issue occurred . it was the solution 's for me .
are any apps showing suspiciously high cpu use ? you can check with seepu , or with ' top ' command at the terminal or adb-shell .
as i stated in the comments , version 2.3.4 is the latest version for phones . versions 3.0 , 3.1 , and 3.2 are all for tablet devices . version 4.0 will be released on the galaxy nexus sometime this month . version 4.0 ( code named ice cream sandwich ) was designed to run on both phones and tablets which may clear up the confusion surrounding the numbered releases . though google controls the android operating system and when it gets released , it is up to the manufacturers to decide whether to put it on their devices . some companies , like htc and motorola , actually rewrite pieces of android with their own special features , like htc sense and motorola blur . the companies have the choice to push out an update or not . some of those companies have come out with plans to update their phones to 4.0 . zte has not announced ( as of a couple weeks ago ) any plans to upgrade their phones to 4.0 but there is no doubts they will not . the second option is to wait until google releases the code for 4.0 . once they do this , the android community ( like xda ) will work on a rom of the operating system which you would then be able to install on your device manually . doing so is not an easy process and involves dedication and a free weekend . if you consider this route , you should also do a little research to make sure doing so will not " brick " your phone or cause side effects with your service provider . however , it will provide the most clean and pure android experience you can get . edit : as @eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , google did release a version of gingerbread numbered 2.3.7 but it is only to support there google wallet product which at this time is only supported on nexus devices or devices with nfc . if you had like to build this version yourself and install it on your device , you can download the android source code and build it yourself . there are instructions on how to do this at the site . however , i would strongly recommend waiting until 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) is released . for documentary purposes , i will update this answer upon release of 4.0 .
i would suggest switching to an alternative mail app -- k-9 mail probably is a good choice . i use it for about 2 years now with a mail server having an " untrusted " ( self-signed ) certificate , and never experienced what you describe -- so this should solve your issue .
go to System preferences &gt; Users &amp; groups choose your user select login items in the list , select android file transfer agent and remove it using the button with a - on it . now , you are free :d
open activity monitor , select a process Android File Transfer Agent , click Quit Process . 　　
as sparx said , depending on how you rooted , you can " unroot " with an app if you only rooted your device and did nothing else . if you modified android , by say , removing some bloatware , or flashed another rom on your device , then you will need to use something like kies , odin or heimdall to flash back the stock rom . flashing back the stock rom can replace all traces of any software modification that you have done to the device . this can include the os , boot , and kernel . i have never used kies so i can not speak about how good that works . kies is the " official " update tool for the devices . i have used odin in the past . it is a samsung product , but it is basically a leaked software that is used internally . heimdall is an open source alternative to odin that works on other platforms besides windows . it uses the same protocols that odin uses . if you do go any of the " flashing stock " routes , try to search for someone giving instructions exactly how to do it . the community is very large , and someone has already done it . if you look , you can find their step by step instructions that you can follow .
from the steps above , i think you already flash a clockworkmod recovery ( boot . img ) hold volume down until the recovery shows up use the volume keys to select mount select mount usb storage connect your phone to your pc copy the cm10 zip file to your phone’s internal sd card eject phone from pc and unmount usb storage select wipe data/factory reset > yes . select install zip from sd card > choose zip from sd card > select the cm10_endeavoru-ota-eng . noeri-028 . zip file > yes . select go back > reboot system now .
you could try repackaging the application . i once installed some edited version of a game and the result was two games . if remember good , package names were not the same .
you can not do this . each android application has a package name , which effectively defines the java/dalvik namespace that its classes occupy . you cannot have two packages of the same name installed because it would create overlapping namespaces , which is why it always replaces the old one when you install a new one . the only way you could feasibly do this is if you were able to get the source for the app and change all of the package definitions .
it can be done , but not simple for the reasons eldarerathis mentioned . you need apktool . refer to this guide on how to use it . and this on signing the apk after you are done . you need to modify the androidmanifest . xml file . find the line that looks like this : manifest package="com.example.app"  and change it to something like : "com.example.app.foo"  after you are finished , recompile then resign . to restore your data , try the following via adb : adb rm /data/data/com.example.app.foo adb push /data/data/com.example.app /data/data/com.example.app.foo  where com.example.app is the package name of the original and com.example.app.foo is the modified . there is always a slight chance that the app will break , or depending on the way the app is structured you may receive a dialog every time you change the screen prompting you to choose which app you want to launch , but it is definitely worth a try if you want it badly enough . of course , the two apps will not share the same settings and data .
sometimes , there are some references in executable library ( .so ) , and changing package name ( also smali -> classes . dex ) does not help either . in simple cases look for apkeditor .
the serendipity rom only contains camera . apk and camerafirmware . apk . i would think that the version you are trying to copy over is being renamed by the system on reboot and the original camera . apk is being restored . what i would try : get the non-cwm version of the camera . apk and put it on your sd card on your phone , use root explorer or similar to mount /system/app/ as rw rename /system/app/Camera.apk to camera . bak or something copy in the new apk from the sd card remount /system/app/ as ro , you may want to make sure /system/ is ro as well try to use the camera . if it works , reboot and see if it still works .
glad your problem is resolved . you can also try an app like airdroid or es file explorer which will allow you to transfer files using wifi .
i faced the same problem , but i launched filezilla from terminal using sudo: sudo filezilla  it works fine .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
direct editing of pdf content is something hard to achieve . as far as i know , the only solution for this is qoppa pdf notes . however : bookmarks ( create and edit ) and annotations ( also create and edit ) are possible . the best ebook-reader on android , also known as moon+ reader pro , supports this not only for pdf ( pro only ! ) -- but also for epub and other formats ( pro and free ) . another popular solution ( pdf only ) is ezpdf . for more solutions , you might consult the playstore , and check with the descriptions . the keywords are " bookmark " and " annotation " . another q and a here which might prove interesting to you is : is there any software for tablets to edit pdf or ps -files ?
i use netflix on my samsung galaxy s vibrant with cyanogenmod 7 and it works just fine . now , that does not mean in the future , nextflix could not update their app to not support these devices/rom but it does work now .
while the permission might make sense , the explanation does not at all . to my knowledge , READ_PHONE_STATE has nothing at all to do with a firewall or networking . it is a read permission ( so what could that have to do with passing a firewall ? ) , giving access to your imei/imsi and phone number lets the app figure out whether a call is in progress if a call is in progress , gives access to the phone number of the remote device i bet the app has the INTERNET permission as well ( confirmed as per google play link you provided ) . the app is free of charge . minimum android version is 2.0 , so READ_PHONE_STATE was not forced on it ( it is enforced for android versions up to 1.6 ) . so i rather assume it carries some ad module which requires this permission : the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE is very common to those ( it needs to obtain the ad information , and most likely uses your imei to identify you -- in a positive sense , to see what ads have already been shown ; but of course it could as well be used otherwise ) . if you have already installed that app , you can verify this using e.g. lookout ad network detector or trustgo ad detector . you could also check with addons detector to see if it carries any other module piggie-back ( e . g . for analytics , which again would explain READ_PHONE_STATE to identify your device ) . second thought : why would that app need to get through the phone 's firewall ( if there were any ) ? is not it supposed to do connections to the outside ? if that would require anything else but the INTERNET permission , what should the INTERNET permission stand for ?
this question gets asked a lot about linux in general . mtp from the default repos will work in mint , no problem . i have written a tutorial on how to get mtp devices recognized under ubuntu , but it is the same for mint : install mtp : sudo apt-get install mtpfs create a directory to mount your device : sudo mkdir /media/mtpdevice ( call the directory whatever you like ) sudo chmod 775 /media/mtpdevice sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/mtpdevice plug in you phone and use mtp tools to determine the vid and pid ( or , if those do not appear in the output , idvendor and idproduct ) : mtp-detect add a rule to udev to handle your phone : gksu gedit /etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules text to add : ( substitue vid and pid for "" and "" ) SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="&lt;vendorId&gt;", ATTR{idProduct}=="&lt;productId&gt;", MODE="0666"  restart udev : sudo service udev restart you may also need to reboot , depending . this works on my linux mint 15 + mate box . note : if you have your device locked ( eg , which a swipe code or pin ) , you’ll need to unlock it before your sd card ( s ) can be recognized by mtp and have it mount them for you to access locally .
this is probably largely a preference thing , but a couple of things i can think of off the top of my head : the built-in tethering may only be usable with an extra fee on top of a normal data plan , whereas third-party apps with work regardless . i am not really privvy to at and t 's plans these days , so i can not say for sure in your specific situation . this mostly only applies to stock roms , as a non-stock rom usually also subverts any kind of tethering fee ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) . many third-party tethering apps will give you a display of data in/out when running so you can keep track of your data usage . some also display battery level and temperature . the built-in wireless tethering provides wep/wpa encryption and the like , but some third-party apps support additional security such as mac address filtering and the like . not all devices are supported by all third-party apps , but the stock tethering should obviously work on your device if it is enabled in the settings . third-party apps may in some cases require a custom kernel in order to function the way you would expect ( in infrastructure mode ) and will create an ad-hoc connection on unsupported devices/kernels ( not really ideal ) . the built-in tethering may have better widget integration . on cyanogenmod roms , for example , you can enable/disable the wireless hotspot from the power control widget , whereas you had need a separate one for a third-party tethering app . if you do not need the " power " tools and such then the stock tethering should function fine . i have generally used that on my evo and i certainly have no complaints about stability or speed as compared to other apps i have tried . from that standpoint i have not noticed any real difference .
yes , there is a way to do it , use cyanogenmod 's github - for reference - this applies across the board whether with aosp , caf , cm , aokp , its found in frameworks/base/data .
if you do not need them anymore , then you should be able to delete them . i am not familiar with zinio , but is there a way to safely delete the magazines within the application ? i would try that first . deleting these files may cause app instability if it is expecting them to be there ( when they are not ) . try moving them somewhere else ( do not delete them just yet ) and see how the application behaves with them " missing/moved " .
no ! no ! no ! do not you dare ! your phone does not know your password . when you log in it is issued an ( oath ? ) authentication token so it does not have to deal with passwords . this is not an omission , they did not just forget that someone might want to change their password , i am 100% sure that this was intentional . the moment you start dealing with passwords for a second more than absolutely necessary you are doing it wrong . this would be security hole the size of the marina trench . you had either have to : store the password on the device let users who do not know the password change it . if you are considering the first one you might as well tell as your password now - it is so bad i can not even find words to explain it . the second one is just as dangerous . rooted users ( and thus apps ) can access your authentication tokens . but that is alright since they are easily revoked and they can not access your authentication settings . now , if you allow users to change passwords using anything other than the web interface and let them not have to enter their password you have the aforementioned hole in your system . one can write a malware that changes your password . so be a good lad and use your browser .
not a perfect solution but you can change your password by opening you google account/gmail on your phone browser .
it is not possible at this time . should it be ? i think so but like a lot of features that i think google should implement , they do not necessarily agree .
it is entirely possible for a malicious app to become available through it . however , the same can be said for any other software distribution system . the app store is not immune to sneaky devs either . never assume that any software distributor offers 100% safe software . whether you are using windows , osx , ios , android , linux , unix , freebsd , or any os , the only person who should be responsible for your security is you , yourself . when installing software , make sure that you trust the vendor and the app itself , regardless of how much you trust the supplier . if you trust rovio , then angry birds is going to be just as safe on ios as it is on android , or any other platform it is available on .
we do not compare apples with peaches . but it is always a good idea to be careful what you install . true , google play is to be considered one of the safest sources for android apps . still , some malware sneaks in every now and then . so you should use some common sense before hitting the " install " button . things to look at include ( but might not be restricted to ) : what permissions are required ? though not always easy to decide , there are some things which can count as indicators – e.g. taking a simple calculator app , it certainly does not need access to your contacts , calendars , system settings , etc . how is it rated ? i am not talking about " naked numbers " , but check the comments . they might give you useful hints on whether it is safe to install . also , an app installed several thousands of times with no traces of maliciousness in the comments should be considerably safer than an app with almost no installs and no comments . should it be a very popular app , but only has few installs ? that is in most cases a clear indicator for malware , hiding behind a popular name . better keep your hands off those . aside of that : in case you are still unsure , pick a good forum and ask . another good idea is to check other apps from the same developer ( just follow the link on his name ) , and use above criteria on them .
there may be malicious apps on google play , but google will detect them , remove them and issue a remote uninstall command that will remove it from your device . there may be malicious apps , but they will be gone within a day .
anyone who has any experience programming and working on both android and ios apps can tell you that there are most certainly malicious apps on the play store . here 's the deal : in order to publish your app to apple 's app store you have to submit it to apple for review . oh , and you also have to pay them $99 per year and jump through some other hoops . either way , apple goes through your app 's code line by line ( or at least that is what they claim ) and verify there is not malicious code . as a lot of devs can tell you , it is not hard to get an app rejected and not all that uncommon to have to resubmit . the end result is that the apple app store is about as safe as it gets . not perfect , but as far as safety it does not get much safer . now , if i develop and app for android i can basically just upload it to the play store . i will need to create a developer account , but that is all i have to do . if my app contains known viruses or malware google will eventually catch it and remove it from the app store . the important thing to keep in mind about android is that it really is closer to windows in that you can easily mess around and download an app or apps that can steal your personal information , slow your system down due to poor design or ads , and any number of other things . my best advice is to pay very close attention to an apps permissions and if in doubt just do not install it . also , even if you do not usually read reviews on ios devices , i would recommend that you at least take a look at the reviews for any lesser known android app you are considering installing . you can find out pretty quickly if the app has been causing other users problems with their devices . for this reason , i would not recommend just indiscriminately downloading every single app that looks interesting on android . you really should be savvy enough to pay attention and protect yourself . in addition to programming i have also worked for a few years in the mobile industry and i can tell that i hated to see older users get androids because they would end up with so much crap on their phone and then wonder why it did not work the way they wanted . if this is you , then you maybe you should go with apple . if you do not mind paying attention to what you are doing then android will treat you very well ! hope this helps .
it is possible for there to be malicious apps on google play . however , there are a number of things that you can do to protect yourself : check the permissions that an app requests when installing . if it looks excessive for what the app does , then you can email the developer and ask why they need the permissions they ask for . most developers should be happy to do this , although it may take a while to get a response . look at the amount of downloads and reviews . if it does not have many downloads then be more cautious . it does not however , mean that the app is malicious , just that you need to check more yourself . if it has a lot of 1-2 star reviews then i would probably stay clear as well . if it is a popular app ( such as need for speed , riptide gp etc . ) that is normally a paid for app , but you find a free version then be very careful . a common tactic by malware authors is to pose as popular apps but actually they install malware on your device . essentially you have to use common sense . if in doubt do not install the app . google does have a system called bouncer which scans all apps uploaded to the play store which has reduced the amount of malicous apps but it is not 100% guaranteed .
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
its the data option you need to dial ##data# and touch edit then enter your 6 digit msl codeyou get from your carrier . then touch more then touch hdr/1x selection . from there you chose your preferred method it probably was on evdo only but check cdma or cdma lte if you get 4g . now you touch back button til you asked to recycle phone after that you should see signal bar once restarted . hope this helps .
this is usually because you have very low signal ( ie no bars ) but are still connected to the network . does it ever show any signal bars or is it just when you are in certain locations ? can you provide a screenshot of the status page ( go to settings > about > status ) which shows the signal strength ? this might help to see how much signal you have . edit : your signal strength values look way off . . . on my nexus 4 ( and all other android devices i have owned ) these values are more like -85dbm 14asu did you flash a new radio when you went to cyanogenmod ? i would suggest looking for the latest radio available for your device ( probably start on xda ) and see if that makes any difference .
from xda : just swipe the message box down to open the messaging app directly , same for missed calls . i think the message box here refers to a transparent message box that appears when you click on the message in the lockscreen .
there is also android remote computer over android that can control your pc via your smartphone ( mouse , keyboard ) free and without ads .
if you take a look at the air browse feature under air gestures , you will see that it is limited only to the following applications : gallery internet music player music on lock screen s memo so no , you can not use it for presentations .
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
there is an app for , well , turning off the sound on shutdown and then back on at startup . as i have got tasker i no longer use it , but you are looking for silent boot by anton weber .
the only way i found to silence it was to have the phone on vibrate when it reboots . does not seem to play any sounds when it comes back up then .
not that i have found . it is just different names for the same phone . ( a pretty standard marketing practice . ) some more info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_dream
i got it to work by going to the bluetooth settings screen , then holding down the bluetooth button on the back of my keyboard for about 5-10 seconds . after that , the keyboard showed up on the available devices and it allowed me to pair it with my tab 2 .
quick answer : /storage/emulated/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  details : unless possibly exploring the file-system with root permissions , the primary user cannot copy the files around . it is easiest for the restricted user to use a file explorer or some wifi uploader , like airdroid , to upload the needed files from his or her account . i will experiment and report more later , but for now , use airdroid or similar from the restricted account to upload the needed files .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
i had a similar problem with subway surfers . i finally found that profile data was under : /data/user/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  hope this helps .
yes , most manufacturers ( afaik including htc , as i had this experience with my evo 4g ) will have the ota update break if the device is rooted . this may have changed , but to my knowledge , ota will not work after root . however , devices can be unrooted , however , some are easier than others , and the process is different for most devices . please note that most unrooting methods require a full wipe . thus is the nature . however , if i can give you a bit of personal advice , custom roms can usually give you the features of an ota update and much , much more ; )
as other said , you just can not . because , every new version of android comes with its ' new feature written within its ' package ( which we know as firmware ) so , if you want to have those there is no way . but , still , you can have some taste of newer version of android on your old one by replacing your stock application with 3rd party application . in some cases , those applications are way better then the stock one . for example you can use a 3rd party dialer and sms app replacing the stock one . how to ? well off-course you have to be rooted . then use any app that can uninstall system app and make any 3rd party app as system app . in my case i depend on link2sd to do this job . this is the only way you can get the flavor of newly release features on your old stock firmware ( android version ) . hope that helps .
short answer : no ! that would cause the handset to boot-loop or cause f/c ( force close ) as ice cream sandwich and later , their apps are relying on the v4 . x framework . by bringing it across to gingerbread could spell disaster and " weird " issues with the handset . however , bringing across gingerbread 2.3 . x apps across to ice cream sandwich should work , ( paradox ahead . . . ) as ics upwards would have compatibility layer within their framework for running apps that target below ics ! hope this part makes sense !
looks like you found a null pointer dereference in dexopt . you should report this on the official android bug tracker , though you may find it is already fixed in a newer version . as for your immediate problem , you might have to boot into recovery and do a factory-reset from there .
please note : it is advised to follow this method only if you know what is root and agree that you are doing this at your own risk . i do not hold credit for this technique as this method has been taken from here and 100% credit goes to the respective author . requirements : a rooted android phone . busybox installed on your device . cygwin installed to [ c:\cygwin ] with pv and util-linux from the repo . make sure to open cygwin once to make sure that the /bin folder is created . also , i made a folder at [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] to put the exported . raw file . netcat ( download the zip file and extract nc . exe to [ c:\cygwin\bin ] ) . adb ( make sure adb . exe is in your path ) . enable usb debugging in your device . for android 4.0 and above do it from : settings > developer options > usb debugging . for android 2.3 and below do it from : settings > application > development > usb debugging . vhd tool put the vhdtool . exe file in [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] . piriform recuva or your favorite data recovery tool , ( it appears recuva only finds the more common file types like images , videos , etc . those were the file types in which i was interested . if you are after more exotic file types perhaps you might share the software you used ) . the process in short : this has been tested on samsung galaxy nexus though this should work for any phone with internal memory . we will be using a windows 7 machine to : back up the entire internal memory partition to your computer as a single , massive . raw file , convert the . raw file output to a vhd , mount the vhd as a disk in disk manager , scan the attached vhd volume for files that have been deleted and recover them . actual work to do : it is recommended that you choose to recover your entire memory block instead of just the data partition . in this case that is mmcblk0 . for our purpose here we are seeking to recover the userdata partition : /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 turn on your phone . connect the phone in adb mode . unlock the screen . open a cygwin terminal and enter ( this assumes your busybox installation is at [ /system/bin/busybox ] . it may be at [ /system/xbin/busybox ] ) : adb forward tcp:5555 tcp:5555 adb shell /system/bin/busybox nc -l -p 5555 -e /system/bin/busybox dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p12 open another cygwin terminal and enter : adb forward tcp:5555 tcp:5555 cd /nexus nc 127.0.0.1 5555 | pv -i 0.5 > mmcblk0p12 . raw for 16gb or 32gb internal memory this process is going to take 2 to 3+ hours respectively . we need to convert the . raw file to a virtual hard drive . vhdtool . exe basically just puts a vhd footer on the end of the . raw file . open a windows command prompt , go to [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] , and type : vhdtool . exe /convert mmcblk0p12 . raw now we need to mount the vhd in windows . select the start button--> right-click computer--> select manage . select storage--> disk management . in the menu select action--> attach vhd . for location enter [ c:\cygwin\nexus\mmcblk0p12 . raw ] and select the ok button . right-click on the name ( e . g . " disk 1" ) to the left of the unallocated space and select initialize disk . select the gpt ( guid partition table ) radio button and select the ok button . right-click on the unallocated space and select new simple volume . . . in the wizard select next> , leave the default for the volume size , select next> , select a drive letter ( e . g . k ) , select next> , make sure to select the ' do not format this volume ' radio button , select next> , select finish . a box will pop up asking you to format the drive . you do not want to format the drive at this time . right-click on the raw space and select format . . . make sure to change the file system to fat32 . set the allocation unit size dropdown to ' default . ' make sure that the perform a quick format checkbox is checked . you do not want to overwrite the entire new drive with all zeroes ( 0 's ) and destroy your data . quick format means that it will only attempt to destroy the index for the drive by establishing a new index . without this box checked the windows operating system will write zeroes ( 0 's ) across the entire volume , potentially destroying your data . select the ok button . a box will pop up saying that formatting this volume will erase all data on it . that would be doubly true if you actually did not check the ' perform a quick format ' checkbox . double check that you actually did check the box and select the ok button . ( do not worry . this essentially leaves the volume in the exact same state that your phone 's internal memory is living in right now : there is data on the drive . . . you just can not see it . it is coming back , i promise ! ) open the recuva application . in the wizard select the ' next > ' button . select the ' other ' radio button and select next > . select the ' in a specific location ' radio button and enter : k:\ ( assuming k is the drive letter you chose . . . ) select the next > button . select the enable deep scan checkbox . this is the magical setting that finds files that have been deleted . . . but not really deleted . select the start button . finally the application may take about an hour to do the ' deep scan . ' it is time for more laps around the house ! once the application has returned its results you can choose which files to recover using the checkboxes . select the ' recover . . . ' button and choose the location to which you wish to output your files . old answer : it was about restoring files via yodot android data recovery software . this does not work for nexus 4 or any such devices which use mtp for managing files on pc .
this is how i would fix the problem on a galaxy s4 . open up the following menus in your phone ( with the s5 , they may be slightly different ) : settings accounts email settings primary account sync settings size to retrieve emails within this menu , you should be able to adjust the settings ( on your phone ) for " size to retrieve emails " and " while roaming " . make sure both of these settings are set to download more than " just headers " .
this is likely a bug introduced in one of the latest updates to galaxy s5 . the functionality was working before for my phone : emails downloaded and you could set the size , but it stopped working during the summer ( and i remember there was a system update downloaded ) . i am also using exchange email on my galaxy s5 and see the same symptoms ( headers only downloaded , cannot change setting from headers only ) . i have a second imap account configured , and that works normally ( you can change the settings and message body is downloaded ) . unfortunately i have not found a fix to this bug .
there is no easy way to control the mentioned scenario , since you may get away from your phone , leaving behind the device used to alert you . i have been playing around with an app , that basically runs a task when a certain action occurs within your phone . the test i performed , was having my phone playing a really loud sound if my phone gets disconnected from the bluetooth earpiece . it works , i go away from my phone and as soon as the bluetooth gets out of range , the phone starts to play the music . i hear the music and remind myself that my phone was left behind . of course that if you use dragon v2 bluetooth headset , it will only get out of range after 100 meters , which is roughly 10 times more distance than a regular bluetooth earpiece . : ) tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
sure you can remove the official facebook app in fact i also uninstalled it by resetting to factory setting and wipe user data . and then i link facebook account to accounts and sync . it works perfect for me .
have you tried haxsync ? i use it to sync high-res profile pictures to my contacts , but i also use the facebook sync , so i do not know which one syncs the phone numbers and emails .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
i had the same problem . turn off your phone and then press both the power button and the volume down button at the same time and it will do a factory reset .
i ended up being too reluctant to downgrade again ! apparently lg have finally released an australian update so i just downloaded a stock p990 froyo rom , installed it via cwm , wiped data and cache , and everything works fine now ! it even fixed a bunch of issues i was having with usb drivers .
after restoring your backup of the original firmware , in recovery select Wipe Data/Factory Reset  this way you have the original firmware ( except for the recovery partition ) but without any user data .
i have experienced this problem myself . when you install cyanogenmod it changes the filesystem type to ext4 . however , your stock 2x backup almost definitely used the ext3 filesystem . if you want to revert to a stock rom on the 2x after trying cyanogenmod then the following tool can convert your filesystem type back to ext3: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1021549 just download the zip and apply it like a normal rom in nandroid or clockworkmod . once it is done just restore your backup as normal .
luckily rooting the motorola defy is pretty simple and does not require any extraneous measures . please see this link for a tutorial on how to root and install a custom recovery ( ie . clockworkmod ) on your motorola defy . as far as installing an ics rom , after doing some research it appears there is not a fully functional rom available yet . however , if you are willing to give up a feature or two , you may be able to get a stable release running on your phone . please refer to the xda wiki page specifically for the ics development status on the motorola defy for more information about the project .
turn the ringer volume to zero/set to not even vibrate . this is slightly facetious answer , as the user will still hear the ring , and have to wait for voice mail to pick up , so it is probably not the ideal solution ; but it is what i do when i am in a movie or church or something .
if you use google voice , there is a simple " do not disturb " option .
Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks  or Settings -&gt; Wireless Controls -&gt; Mobile Network Settings -&gt; Mode of Operation  there should be a " data only " , " evdo only " , or similar option in there , depending on your phone . my t-mobile vibrant does not have this option , for example , but the htc hero does . another possibility is : Settings -&gt; Call settings -&gt; Voice call  there should be " call forwarding " or " call barring " options there that might do it , though they are greyed out for me .
settings -> call -> call forwarding -> always forward -> your voicemail number every phone i have ever seen has that option .
if you do not have the option matthew read suggested , you could use a call blocking app . most of them have an option to block all calls .
i know that chrome for android ( not the android stock browser ) does have websocket support , and you can set a default homepage , not sure about fullscreen mode though .
i know that dolphin was a web browser specifically designed for the android platform . it was so successful it was then introduced for ios devices . i do not know if it will accomplish your needs , but if it can not then . . . you can get it from google play store . alternatively you may like to try maxathon cloud based browser http://www.maxthon.com/
all you need is an app locker app . there are many app lockers in play store . just , search . i would recommend smart app protector ( i use its pro version which is great ) . use it to lock google docs app .
summing up the solution from above comments : fixing up the possibly broken build.prop file you do not need to mount your sdcard to revert your changes . if you can boot into recovery , and access the device via adb shell , you can do so and replace your edited build.prop file with the backup copy you have created ( using the cp command ) , thus restoring the state of before your edit . example , assuming you have named your backup build.prop.bak and placed it in the same place as the original : keep in mind the file ends with " prop " , which is short-hand for " properties " -- not " prob " as short-hand for " probabilities : ) if it still not boots : uninstall the last app installed as the first part did not solve the problem here , it might be the app installed ( facebook home in our case ) is causing trouble on the device it was not intended for . so let 's kick it out . boot into recovery again , get your adb ready , and # uninstall the app # adb shell pm uninstall &lt;package_name&gt; adb shell pm uninstall com.facebook.home # reboot the device adb reboot  this finally solved it . as a factory-reset was done , how was the app able to survive that ? this was an after-thought to the entire issue . a possible explanation lies in the fact that the factory-reset complained about the sdcard not being able to mount . so if parts of the app got installed to the card , they might have survived there . unlikely as this is ( after all , apps on sdcard should not be able to cause boot issues , as the card is mounted only after boot_completed ) , i see no other explanation ( comments welcome , i can include them here if wished for ) . this lead to another question : should i remove the external sd card to protect it from factory reset ? normally , a factory reset should not touch the external sdcard . but " better safe than sorry": if it should not be touched normally , it should not matter whether it is in the device or not , so it should not hurt to remove it before the factory reset . however : if you use ( d ) app2sd , there is a special directory called .android_secure on the sdcard holding the ( encrypted ) parts of the " moved apps " . after a factory reset . the system does not know of them -- so when re-installing such an app , it might lead to problems . thus when removing the card before doing a factory reset , make sure to remove the .android_secure directory from the card ( using a card reader and your computer ) before re-inserting it again .
it would depend on the device . some devices have/had some real serious issues with their gps . the galaxy s is one of them . it can take 10 seconds for it to get a gps lock or it could take a minute ( or even more ) . if you never have any issues with your device , then i would not recommend running an application like this . if you can get a gps lock within a few seconds or so and it is accurate , then i would say just leave it alone .
no idea what that app does . if your gps is not locking as fast as you like , one option is to redownload the gps assistance data . an app like " gps status " can do this for you . here 's a qr code for it .
no . if you do not uninstall the existing app , and you use adb install to install the new apk , the existing app data will be preserved . note that you can only do this if the package names match and the old and new apks are signed with the same developer certificate : if the package names do not match , then both versions will be installed side-by-side , and the new one will not have access to the old one 's data . this might happen if the developer has slightly different variants for the app depending on the distribution channel ( e . g . a variant for google play , and another for direct apk download ) . if the signatures do not match , then installation will fail with an error message telling you that is what went wrong . the only way to fix that is to use an apk signed by the original developer .
press the menu button and see if anything happens . count . if you are looking for a programmatic answer , you should be asking on stackoverflow .
well , since no one answered , i will answer with what i eventually figured out . i just installed a new music player , because i hate samsung 's . i used widgetlocker to put widgets on my lockscreen , and phantom music control to get a better-looking widget to put on my lockscreen .
you can use droid@screen to see the screen on a computer . since you have stock ics , droid@screen should be enough to boot into stock , remove the cm10 install and/or do a factory reset .
q : is there a workaround ? a : open a link from the gmail app ( goes into chrome ) , open a new tab and leave it empty , then go back to gmail and click another link , it does not replace the first one in chrome . you end up with two non-empty tabs open . is that a satisfactory workaround ?
there is not a way on the stock calendar app . however you can do this by using two different calendar apps .
go to settings> accounts> google> location settings and turn " let google apps access your location " on .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
with the stock firmware and without root you can’t accomplish what you want . to backup your entire phone you need complete access to the phone rom memory to copy all of its contents , and for that you need root access . i have a htc desire and what i’ve done is use unrevocked to gain root access to the phone and change the android recovery of the phone for one that includes tools to do “nandroid” backups , among other things like install rom from compressed files on the sd card . the process is simple and fast and in a few minutes you will have a phone with root access and a recovery system that give you plenty of new tools .
root should not erase any phone data . how do you expect to back up the entire device with only user permissions ? you need root permissions , in the absence of a system-level tool built into the os or bootloader or a pc-side tool for directly accessing the phone storage ( both are very unlikely ) . update : there is now os-supported backup which an app like helium can use to back things up without root . clockworkmod / nandroid is definitely not g1-only , there are dozens if not hundreds of supported devices . it is definitely the best way to back everything up . i recommend checking out xda 's x10 mini general forum and possibly the android development forum also ; read all the sticky threads , they should give you a good overview of all this . you can do the same for the desire .
if you just want you local ip address . then go to terminal emulator and type netcfg . you will see list of interfaces with their ip addresses ( if they are up ) .
connect it to wifi or ethernet via cable . at router or dhcp server settings reserve ip address for android . now you has network and known ip address for your android device . p.s. if you do not have router and directly connected to internet via cable - you can emulate wifi router on your pc ( not all adapters supported ) .
i know this app on the google play : wireless headphone that does exactly what you want . you need a 3.5mm-to-3.5mm audio cable and connect your tv 's headphone output to your laptop microphone input . and then you can listen to the audio on your android phone .
i had the same problem ( after the latest update to dropbox 2.3.8 , the other day ) , however i had 8gb memory left ( and some 600mb internal ) . i had to uninstall the whole app to make dropbox work again . with the following steps : clear cache and remove data uninstall the app restart the phone reinstall the app files can be opened again . . . i also tried to locate the " com . dropbox . android"-folder per the information at the following page ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nexus7/comments/19i7bs/dropbox_permanent_failure/ ) , but that was after i had uninstalled the application and i could not find the folder ( which seems logic ) . i am running a htc desire z with android os 2.3.3 . hope this helps !
i had the same problem . it was solved after i unlinked my device from dropbox ( in dropbox settings ) and then re-linked it .
i had the same message but discovered it was because i was connected to a secure wifi network which did not like me accessing files from the dropbox app on my htc one . solution : disconnected from the wifi and used my 3g on my phone .
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
i resolved this issue by reinstalling the app , but now that i think about it , this might have been caused by the fact that i had changed my password ( using the web interface ) but never told by phone app the new password .
after doing some additional research i finally came across a youtube video on how to bypass a samsung galaxy s continuum activation screen . the steps outlined in the video are very simple : from the activation screen select emergency call . enter the following *#83786633 which will disappear when you press the last 3 a toast with the text Softkey is enabled will appear then press the home button
install a stock or a custom rom that best fits your need from , e.g. , samobile or xda . this way you can select the android version and its flavor .
not that i am aware of . presumably you could create an application that listened to the mic all the time and triggered it ( voice search ) on a certain phrase , but as voice to text is done " in the cloud " it would require a huge amount of data to go back and forth to accomplish this . one shudders to think of the implications on non-unlimited data plans , not to mention what it would do to your battery life . many phones launch voice serach when you press the button on a bluetooth headset . ymmv , try connecting a bluetooth headset and see what happens when you press the button . another forum thread about launching search from a headset
if your phone has hard keys you can start void by holding down the search key ( do not have to touch the screen ) .
regardless of an android device being a phone or tablet , i believe , that to make use of the core google apps you will need to tie directly to a google account . i am user of a moto xoom ( wifi only ) and this is absolutely true . so i would suggest adding a google account with the device ( settigns - accounts and sync ) .
in short , you have a non-google-approved device . that is why there are no google apps on it . and you can not download from the market unless you have the market installed on your device . there are ways to get the market on your device anyways , though . ( see this question ) . however , none of those ways will have a " reputable link " for you to download . you are going outside google and possibly the law , depending on your jurisdiction .
looks like this is a very common problem , and i guess the google guys are on it , but so far , no solution . i bought an archos tablet and for two days i have been trying to download and install a good browser . i tried every single solution i found in every single forum on line ( believe me when i say that it is a very common problem ! ! ! ) . no luck . what worked for me was quite simple : i found a website where you can download the same apps and they actually can be downloaded . you do not even need to create an account ! ! try it : http://www.freewarelovers.com/android . maybe you will find what you want . i did . good luck !
other folks here have suggested that the issue may be with your sim card : recipients complain they receive text message from me with a half hour delay i was having a similar problem which was resolved when i reset my phone to factory settings ( for other reasons ) . it might be worth asking your carrier for a new sim , though . ps . this user asked about sms receipt delays -- a different but related question .
in case anybody else is having the issue still , my phone recently picked up the gingerbread release . this appears to have resolved the problem .
unless you have apps installed on the sd card , nothing on it should be permanent/critical . any app that always relies on sd data being present is written badly . there may be some data you want to keep backed up , but that is up to you . it is impossible to say what will happen if you format the card and stick it back in empty , since it depends on every individual app . but generally speaking the apps should continue as if they had never written anything to the card in the first place . if an app misbehaves then clearing the data should fix it .
nfc disovery events that indicate only a certain tag technology ( or even only the presence of any tag ) are usually too broad to be bound to just one app . it seems that the android team therefore decided that it should not be possible for one app/activity to take precedence for such an unspecific event . as a consequence , the only way how this mandatory intent chooser can be avoided is if an ndef formatted tag is used and if the app 's developer registered the app/activity for a more specific ndef intent ( e . g . a uri , an nfc forum external type or a mime type ) .
this is because there can be no default handler for all nfc intents . you had have to create a mimetype for your nfc tag and use that mimetype as the data field for the intent filter . however , this site does not deal with developer issues , so you had be better off on stackexchange , for example here .
someone , or something has set defaults for the application ( s ) , and this default was set as soon as someone or something set it by either internally , or by hitting the button " always . " , in this case you will have to go to your app drawer , go into settings and find your application manager . in this case , you will want to go to the application that does not have the option . find it , click it , go down and hit " clear defaults . " , now , hit the home button , find the application you are wanting to run and voila ! the action menu should set itself back . if it does not , find the application that is automatically running upon startup of that specific object , and hit clear defaults . thank-you , fxapoc .
that is because this is a stock android feature . to accomplish the result you want you will need some kind of third party software i geuss . there are lots available in the play store .
according to the list of officially supported and unofficially ported devices , no . also , read more at this sticky post by cyanogenmod moderators .
from your home screen , under Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Accounts&amp;sync-&gt;Facebook you can uncheck Contacts . obviously , this will stop your phone contacts from syncing to facebook , but after you get the list the first time , the only thing that really updates is the pictures , so disabling it should take care of it : )
robot view can do this .
i am not familiar with a setting in android to mix both channels but perhaps this stereo to mono adapter could help .
there are few ways you can reset your android phone without losing anything . backup most your stuff on your sd card , and synchronize your phone with a gmail account so you will not lose any contacts . if you do not want to do that , there is an app called my backup pro that can do the same job . you can read more about how to ensure you do not lose any important information with a factory reset here .
if you do a factory reset , your sd card will not be touched . your pics , etc will all stay put . if you have selected your google account as the default way to store your contacts , they will all repopulated from google after you set up your phone . if you want to be sure you are saving settings , etc . download titanium backup from the google playstore and do a full backup . after you have reset your phone , reinstall ti and then do a restore from back up . super simple !
resetting your phone to factory settings will clear all the data on your phone memory , that is your contacts , calendars , applications downloaded from android market . factory resetting can be done in settings ( navigation : settings -> privacy settings -> factory data reset ) data backup can be done in settings ( navigation : settings -> privacy settings -> backup my data ) . backup data can be restored after resetting . certain applications give the option of data backup , if you have installed any apps from market , check for the option . data backup can also be done using the software cd provided with the phone . your photos , audio mp3s , and videos will usually reside in sd card and will not be erased . but its better you take out the memory card , and then go ahead resetting .
there is an app my backup pro which you could use . from the description it allows you to : backup ( with schedule option ) to our online secure servers , or sd card , your applications , photos , music , videos , contacts , call log , browser bookmarks , sms ( text messages ) , mms ( message attachments ) , calendar , system settings , home screens ( including shortcut positions ) , alarms , dictionary , music playlists , apns , and more . . . you can read more about it here .
that logo in the background is the recovery mode , it looks like as if recovery binary died for some unknown reason , perhaps the update . zip is corrupted and it could not be parsed . might be worth a shot to use dsixda kitchen , to convert that update zip to a flashable zip that can be flashed , not using recovery 's update menu option , but choosing the file manually . but judging the youtubey , it looks recovery got b0rk3d up , you did not state if the handset is still able to boot normally in your posting ?
this is a known bug in the nexus s ' 4.0.3 firmware when you apply the i9020 update . zip to the i9023 model . background : the i9020 sports a self-illuminating amoled while the i9023 has a traditional lcd with a backlight . the recovery fails to switch on the backlight and the screen goes black . you probably downloaded the update . zip from google and did not use the official update method , right ? in short : the screen backlight of the i9023 model is off in recovery mode due to that bug but everything else just works here 's a thread on xda that covers just this . possible solutions to fix it : use a strong led flashlight and illuminate the lcd just for the installation of the 4.0.4 , see images below ( both show the same homescreen , except the left has a switched off backlight ) unlock your nexus s and install a working custom recovery ( guide )
one way is to ask the developer via the contact information provided in the application 's google play page . where an application or game has a free- or paid-version , you could just try the free version . unless it is stated in the description that the paid version actually supports higher resolutions , it is usually a safe assumption that if the free version looks a certain way , the paid version will look similar . a final way is to simply buy the application and try it within the 15 minute refund period . if you are not pleased with the way the application or game is formatted for your screen , simply refund it . keep in mind , though , that you are only allowed to refund an app once . if you re-install it after refunding , you will no longer have the option to refund and will be billed immediately .
while not universally accurate , the easiest way to tell is to find apps with " hd " in the title ; this is almost universally meant to mean " tablet optimized " . this is most commonly done with games . hopefully in the future the market is sorted better and apps are developed better for tablets , but there currently is no sorting/filtering option or easy way to check if something is tablet optimized or not . the amazon app store is also a good place to look ; all those apps are vetted to work well on the 7 inch kindle fire . not the same size as the tf prime but you can be sure they are not only designed for phones .
unfortunately at the moment is not possible filter the market by device resolution and maybe it will be never done , because google does not test all apps and it relies on what publisher says . in addition could be not only a problem of resolution , sometimes the tegra 2/3 chips are not still well supported by apps developer , or the problem could be related to ics too . i have an asus transformer ( 1280x800 ) and here are the rules that i try to follow before spending money on market : as already suggested , if there is a free version of an app i try it first to check if is fully compatible with my tablet ; i always read the recent changelog to see if there are fixes especially targeted to ics or tablets/hd devices ; i check the user reviews through google play website , so i can use my device filter to check reviews related to it : in addition , if i look for tablets-ready apps , i check the page featured android apps for tablets ; you can do similar research through website dedicated to app reviews that support tablet filtering ( like , for example , androidtapp ) hope it helps !
so you are asking about a native android x server ? that is the only article on a native x11 i found so far . all others seem to work with vnc somehow . not sure how the current state of the linked project is , as i could find no additional information ( yet ) .
just a note to help someone else with this on a samsung s5 lte could not be downloaded due to an error . ( 403 ) everything was going great with my brand new s5 , until i turned on the download turbo . note , prior to turning on the booster , i was installing apps successfully over a wifi connection . i turned on download booster hoping to install apps from previous phone quicker . natural enough thing to do when you have 30 apps to get through , would not you think ? all of a sudden i could not download anything from google the play store . oddly , the galaxystore ( a wierd extra play store that comes with galaxy phones ) worked , but most of my apps were not there , and those that were did not know i had purchased them . after perusing the web , and resetting things and changing google accounts , etc . , i finally tried turning of my wifi connection , and switching to only 4g mobile data . of course the s5 's download booster was off now . as if by magic , everything in google play store started working again ! okay , so maybe something in the download booster tries to make multiple connections to the google play store server , and it does not like that . so i turned off download booster , and turned on the wifi , and turned off the 4g mobile data connection . back to plain wifi , as per the data connectivity configuration that was working in the beginning . . . alas , google play store would not work again ( same error ) , even with only wifi on now . back to 4g , switch off wifi , everything works on google play store again . consternation ! in summary : if you have an s5 and you turn on the samsung 4g + wifi booster and connect to google play store , kiss your connectivity to google play store via wifi goodbye forever . you can still connect with just 4g mobile data ( as long as wifi is off ) . it is almost as if the google play store server remembers indefinitely that you once tried to connect with wifi and 4g together , and forbids your wifi connectivity henceforth .
download . apk file of google play from here . if your device has the option , first select ' uninstall updates ' from your app manager for google play app . then install this . apk file and then try using it . ( you should also remove your google acc before uninstall/install ) . let me know if this worked !
it seems there is a problem with google play . please take a look at the issue tracker .
remove google play store from the multitasking menu and try again
got it ! ! ( just had the same problem after updating from 4.3.2 to 4.4.2 ) go to settings - apps - all - and open google play store click on " force stop " then " clear data " then " clear cache " go back to settings - accounts - and remove account and add it back again ( available for kk ) or change it to the same actual password open market place and install a brand new app ( never used before ) and then install and update every thing you need : ) i9100 - cm11 kk 4.4.2 gapps- kk- 20140105
you can try this tool called framaroot . the author confirmed that it worked for lg optimus l7 ii variant ( p710/p713/p714/p715 ) . the process is straightforward .
kingo android root . it is an installer for windows . just plug-in your phone with the usb cable and run the wizard . framaroot did not work for me . so , i tried that one .
i believe this is a " feature " of the new jelly bean camera . you probably will not be able to change it without resorting to using another camera app ( like camera zoom fx ) or installing a custom rom .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
have you tried these : adb shell getprop ro.product.device adb shell getprop ro.product.model adb shell getprop ro.product.name  edit : upon re-reading the question , it seems that my suggestion is not applicable . i trust that you have a stock recovery ? if so , connect it to pc while in recovery mode and do the following over adb : adb shell cat default.prop  if default.prop still does not give you what you want , i am really sorry but i can not think of any other solution than to look for a stock firmware .
android 4.2.2 already contains the advanced copy/cut/paste functions . calling it up is intuitive too - just long press on a word , then use the field edge indicator gadgets to select the text you want to cut . then on top you will see some icons representing specific functions . there will be a copy one ( number 4 in the image above ) , a paste one ( number 5 ) , and a cut icon too ( number 3 ) . pasting works the same way , just long press where you want to paste , and press the button .
according to sony , on their phones you double tap a word and some draggable gadgets will appear . cut , copy etc appear at the top edge .
the problem with recording is dependent on the kernel if that kernel has the capability to do so within the audio hardware driver ! that aside , another aspect , this governs actual phone calls , is that audio is a mutually exclusive thing , lift handset , audio , speaker is routed to respective hardware pieces , if not in call , audio and speaker gets routed to speaker ( combine that with headset and another route is made ! ) now i do not know if that principle applies to voip over wifi ( as have never tried it ! ) another thing , depending on where you are , this will be dependent on jurisdiction of your country , two way recording could be seen as illegal and may/could be equivalent to wire-tapping , ianal ! check first , if that is " ok to do " , then check with the party involved first if they actually mind being recorded , if not , then you could end up in trouble for invasion of privacy and recording their conversation without their consent i am loosely saying that as its a questionable thing to do and do not know legalese but its something to bear in mind .
this probably is too late to be of help to the op , but this question is valid and could be useful for others . found this : http://community.skype.com/t5/video-inactive/record-video-calls-windows/m-p/3012#m44 but it pertains to windows and not the phone environment . unfortunately on android , skype itself would have to have this feature for the best overall success . related topics with good answers : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url direct link : droid@screen an on-phone solution to recording audio would have to simultaneously record incoming mic audio ( from you ) and outgoing speaker audio ( from other ) . however , you could simply record the stream externally and use a movie/video editor to synchronize the video and audio streams .
these instructions are courtesy of arco68 over at xda-developers , who is also the person behind the software downloads linked here . all credit to him/her ! now do not be fooled by how few steps arco68 's instructions have ; you will need about half an hour to do this if you have not done this before , i reckon , if you want to be careful and not rush it . as a prerequisite , download samsung kies and make sure that the drivers for your phone are installed correctly . otherwise , odin tool will not read your s4 mini properly . download the odin tool and the clockworkmod recovery to your windows pc . extract both of these archives . download the rootkit gt-i9195_rootkit_v2 . zip to your device 's sd card . do not extract it . place it in the root folder . turn off the phone . press and hold home , volume down and power simultaneously . the phone will turn on and you will see the following screen : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; connect the usb cable . press volume up . the screen changes to this : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; ( the fields i blurred out will say something like " original " initially , can not quite remember ) run the odin tool you unzipped in step 1 . uncheck F. Reset Time . click the AP button . in the dialog that appears , select the " recovery-clockwork-6.0.3.7-serranoltexx . tar . md5" file that you extracted in step 1 . before you continue , read this step in full because it requires quick action . first you take the phone in your hand . then you get ready to press and hold volume up and home as soon as the phone vibrates . if you are only a second too slow you will have to repeat from step 3 ( see below ) . now that you are ready to press and hold volume up and home , click the Start button in the odin tool . it only takes a few seconds before the phone vibrates . feel the vibration and immediately press and hold volume up and home . once the phone shows the s4 logo with the words " recovery booting " , you may release the buttons . if you did everything right , you will see this screen : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; but if you see a black screen like this : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; then you have messed up – power off the phone and continue from step 3 . using the volume up/down keys and the home key , select " install zip " , " choose zip from sdcard " , then "0/" , then the zip file " gt-i9195_rootkit_v2 . zip " that you saved to the sd card in step 2 . the zip will be installed and you will be told that your warranty is now void ( which is not necessarily the case , of course ) . you may now reboot and enjoy your rooted s4 mini ! when you choose to reboot , you will be asked " rom may flash stock recovery on boot . fix ? " i suggest you choose no because you do not really need clockworkmod anymore ( although i think i pressed " no " and clockworkmod remains installed regardless ) . for the record , the reason i am posting this here is that i did not even realise i got the wrong screen in step 10 , so i wasted a whole hour messing around with it . but i can not post this tip on xda due to their draconian requirements for posting replies . so i thought i would just write up instructions in such a way that others can edit them here .
that is a pre-destined case for apps like opensignal , which are designed for mapping signals around you . network signal info offers it as well . both tools can be used to get a coverage map for wifi and mobile signal , and also offer you to log signal strength .
in android the system memory is just another file , so with the appropriate rights it is just as simple as vi -b /dev/mem ( device node may vary for your system ) . the result of changing a running system 's memory could be one of a nop , a touch of an electric fence , a system crash or a simple nuke resulting in an unusable device .
that may be possible without root if the app you want to manipulate allows debugging via android debug bridge ( adb ) . if an app can be connected to an debugger is specified in it is AndroidManifest.xml in the android:debuggable entry . if the app is enabled for debugging you can enable the usb debugging mode on your device and connect to it via adb . then you can connect an standard java debugger to the app and inspect/modify variables .
you could do that with tasker . this app matches defined conditions with tasks -- i.e. you can tell it to execute a task ( which is a set of actions ) whenever a ( set of ) condition ( s ) is met . under conditions it lists " orientation " . as actions , it e.g. describes : vibrate on notify : whether to vibrate with a system notification . vibrate on ringer : whether to vibrate on an incoming call . so you could create a task named , say , novibrate , which says : vibrate on notify : off vibrate on ringer : off then create two profiles faceup and facedown ( there is no " or " connection possible with conditions , hence you need two profiles ) , each with the respective orientation , and have them execute the novibrate task . what happens then ? as soon as the phone is faceup or facedown ( where " face " is the display ) , vibration is turned off . and as soon the orientation changes , the prior setting gets re-activated . problem solved with the 6-letter-solver of ( almost ) all android problems : tasker : )
there are many ways in android of scheduling things to happen later on certain conditions . one of them is the AlarmManager , which lets an app run at a predetermined time , or at a given interval between 15 minutes and daily . this is how most recurring tasks work on android , such as checking email . there is no user-modifiable control for the AlarmManager: it is up to the app to expose appropriate settings . android apps can also register broadcast receivers to be notified when certain conditions are met or when events happen . for example , the email app might also register a broadcast receiver to be triggered when an internet connection becomes available . that way , if it misses its times for checking email because you were offline , it can check email once you go back online .
htc desire already has a widget to switch off and on wifi , mobile network , bluetooth , sync and some other option . it is a 4x1 widget with 5 toggle buttons . . .
try searching for a data toggle widget on the market to add a one-click shortcut . for example , i found data enabler widget pretty easily .
my first guess would be an app consumes a lot of cpu power and therefore causes the system to overheat . use a system monitor to find out any misbehaving apps .
i had the same problem , and solved it by simply re-setting the " screen timeout " option in display settings . it seems some app messed it up .
you can do that with the nook , first thing is to get access to the nook sdk , ( not just android here ) : https://nookdeveloper.barnesandnoble.com/ next , you will want to disable the home button , stack overflow has a good thread on this : stackexchange-url lastly when setting up your nook-esk kiosk be sure to set it up in a way to keep it plugged in . kiosks should always be powered , and a full battery drain will reboot the whole os .
rename the file with the appropriate extension and find out ( ie rename img1 . dup0 to img1-1.jpg and open it ) . in the case of the image files i think they are the corresponding thumbnails since the size is small
if you have access to a linux/unix pc ( including osx ) , you can use the file utility to identify the file type . for windows , you can install cygwin to get a unix environment that will have this utility .
the boot partition contains the kernel . if you want to use your phone you will need a kernel so no , wiping it means your phone will not be able to boot . but recovery will work so you flash another kernel .
the official calendar app , just like google maps , youtube , etc . , has been an independent app from the android stock rom and published on google play . which means you can just download it via google play
i am going to assume you did this using a rooted phone . if that is the case , you should be able to find someone who has calendar app , and manually push that to system/app and fix permissions .
has your calendar app really been wiped ? ( try adding it as a shortcut from the app drawer . ) you can sometimes download an application from your handset manufacturer for your pc which provides a feature like " emergency firmware recovery " . this should allow you to install the latest official release of android .
yes . your in-app subscriptions attached with that card will be disturbed . and , an app developer would be unable to refund money if you have purchased that app using that card ( but , this is solved by contacting google support ) . but , you will not lose any purchased apps . even pending purchases will not be affected if you attach a new card with the account . otherwise , it would be cancelled .
of course not . the only way the would be affected is if they were still pending purchases . i have removed a card previously and all my apps were still intact . your purchases are linked to your account , not to your cards . however common sense still applies . if you have in-app subscriptions set up on the card that you have removed , than the next charge will fail .
it is worth a try to for ! at the card fat32 , then attempt to move the app again . i know however that some applications are not built for use from an sd card so it could be application specific also . to see if this is the problem attempt to move different applications and see if the same error occurs . let me know how it goes .
try factory setting option in settings . if it doesnt work , try updating it to next version os and again root it if necessary . i would suggest to just root it again it may happen that rooting process is not been completely successfull .
if all else fails , you can flash those images in fastboot . remember to make a nandroid and back it up somewhere safe - this will wipe your device . if you are on windows or osx , you will need to install fastboot through the android sdk . it is part of the " platform tools " package . if you are on linux , you can usually install fastboot through your package manager . additionally , windows needs adb and fastboot drivers for your device . first , you need to boot your device into fastboot/bootloader mode by holding down the volume down button while powering on . you can also use an expanded reboot menu or adb : adb reboot bootloader . second , unzip the file you have downloaded . remember where you unzipped it to . on windows : optional : add the path to your android platform-tools ( adb and fastboot ) to your path environment variable . open an elevated command prompt . ( i think elevating it was necessary ) in the command prompt , navigate to the unzipped android files . type flash-all.bat and press enter . if this does not work , you will need to specify the location of the fastboot . exe file by modifying the PATH=%PATH%... line in the flash-all.bat file . on linux or osx : unzip the downloaded . zip file . open a terminal . navigate to the unzipped files in the terminal . type ./flash-all.sh and press enter .
you will need to flash back to the stock kernel as files linked on that site will only apply to a ' stock ' system partition . you should be able to flash the file via twrp by selecting it ( i presume you have tried this as you said that it gave you an error ) . to flash back to the stock kernel you will need to find the stock kernel image ( ideally you would have a backup from before you flashed the franco kernel ) and then you can install the update . edit : you may be able to find the stock kernel on this xda post
yes , when you choose the particular event you want to edit or delete you are given 3 options ( at least on my droid 1 i am ) : change only this event change all events in the series change this and all future events choose #1 to change just that one event in the series .
i will go ahead and post this as an answer . android 4.2 , including sony 's package on the z1 , supports miracast - a wireless display standard that is sorta becoming a thing now . miracast is what sony uses to connect you to their own tv 's , so it is not a proprietary sony thing ( surprisingly ) . in order to use miracast , you need either a smart tv with the feature built in . or you can use a miracast receiver - they range from $50-$80 . i personally use this one - it is worked great for me from android and windows without any hiccups . note that there is real latency between the phone and the tv 's displays . you are looking at a 500ms lag at best , so this will not work well ( or at all ) for games . it is really good for watching videos , and things that do not require much interaction .
as mentioned in a comment it really depends on what app you are using to provide tethering . on the stock htc tethering app there is a view called " manage users " which lets you see a list of connected devices listed be resolved host name . touching each device reveals its hardware address and currently assigned ip address . as far as i can recall it is the same for the stock samsung g s2 ( at least in this region - northern europe ) .
it’s very important to make sure you perform a backup of all your data before attempting to install this ! step 1 : make a backup of your all data . step 2: download the base firmware necessary ( your 's 4.0.4 stock firmware ) step 3: download it , after unzip the file . step 4: go to open odin 3.04 ( if you don’t have it you can download it from here ) step 5: restart your device into download mode , for make this press power and volume down buttons . step 6: connect phone and wait until you get a yellow/blue color with port number in odin software interface . ( if your system did not detect usb , re-install usb device driver/kies ) step 7: add the firmware_name . tar . md5 to pda , verify re-partition is not ticked , start flash , don’t touch anything and wait a few minutes . done . note : do it on your own risk
it is easy to achieve a similar workflow with an off-the-shelf barcode scanner app such as zxing 's barcode scanner . after scanning a barcode in that app , you can press a button to copy the scanned text to the clipboard . after switching to your other app , you simply long-tap the text field to paste the text into it . it is a few more screen taps than you are imagining , but that is the easiest way . there is also a keyboard app that has a button to scan a barcode and enter the scanned text as if typed in . it is non-free , and requires replacing your soft keyboard , but barcodescanner keyboard lets you shorten the workflow by a few taps . any better solution would require some kind of bespoke development , whether that is modifying the target app or making a custom rom .
to save you from copy-pasting , there is an interesting alternative option : some kind of " barcode keyboard " , i.e. using a qr-reader as input method . there are a few apps available at google play which ( according to their description ) offer exactly that . an example fitting for your case would be barcodescanner keyboard : this soft-keyboard scans and enters barcodes directly into input fields of arbitrary apps , batch scanning mode is supported . note the barcode-scanner symbol in the lowest row of the keyboard , second from the left ? as the other keys are also present , you can type normally in fields where you need that , and simply tap the barcode-icon to invoke the scanner , as shown in the second screenshot . remark : i did not try it , so i have no more details on how it works and how reliable it is . just found it at google play and thought it might be helpful for you : )
all the telephone calls go through mobile network not wifi . if you have any voip application like viber or skype installed . then while making call , it asks whether you want to use phone or viber/skype . i guess you might have selected one of these apps with " always " settings . in this case , go to application settings and clear defaults . and next time be sure of selecting phone always .
aha , found it : under apps -> settings -> connections , i can turn overall use of wi-fi on or off . then if i select " more networks " , i get this screen : and i can turn on or off " wi-fi calling " . tmobile has a note about it here : http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-5864
actually there is a way to do just that in tasker , basically you can simply set the screen timeout to 15secs once the screen turns off ( which usually is the trigger to turn the lockscreen on : ) ) and there also is an event which is called display unlocked ( which is lockscreen unlocked ) and with that simply turn the screen timeout back to whatever u choose , i.e. 30 minutes .
i just found a simple way to reduce the display timeout while on lock screen ( in case you just want to wake the device , see what time it is , and then want it to lock itself more quickly than your android sleep timeout setting ) : condition : securesettings - failed login attempts 1 and tick the " invert " box . action : display timeout ( put your desired seconds here ) . this profile will detect the lock screen and not look for any failed attempt and will turn off the screen with your desired timeout . note that this condition requires secure settings plugin to be installed .
you could watch out for an automation solution . i e.g. use tasker for a lot of things like that ( yeah , it is eur 5 -- but you can obtain a free 7-day trial at the project page , and according to the dev even make it work another 7 days by exporting its settings , uninstall , reinstall , import settings ) . rawly described : you combine events/conditions with tasks . in your case , you had e.g. set the default timeout to 30s , and have tasker take care for specialities : profile " reading": condition : app running ( browser , ebook-reader , . . . -- make your choices ) task : set screen timeout to 2min ( automatically reverts when condition is no longer met ) profile " lockscreen": condition : [ screenlock on ] task : timeout 15s you have got the idea . unfortunately ( as indicated by the square brackets ) , tasker seems to have no condition for " screenlock active " ( or i did not find it ) , so this might require some addon ( locale addons are compatible ) . nevertheless , you have got the idea -- and there are other automation solutions out there on the playstore which might do the job to your liking , and even may be cheaper . i would look out for addons , then check llama - location profiles etc . as well .
i have never seen this option built-in , but there are several apps/widgets on the playstore offering a " quick boot " as well . the term is a little misleading , as it is usually not a boot at all . for some background information , let me first refer to my answer on can somebody explain the boot process of an android device ? . quick-reboot usually kills everything down to the " system server " , so zygote has to start it anew . as zygote is the parent to all apps , basically the " android-part " of the system is completely reloaded – while the underlying " linux-part " keeps running . from the users ' point of view , this looks like a " quick reboot": the graphical interface ( all apps , including the home screen ) disappear , and then the system comes up again exactly like after a " boot " . but during this process , the first 4 steps of a " real boot " ( as outlined in the linked question ) were skipped . i am not 100% sure if the " quick boot " option you are seeing there is the same , but it is pretty likely . because , if it were a " full boot , just quicker " – then why should not that be used in the first place ?
there are a lot of apps in android market which offer import from your google reader subscriptions . the best of them according to lifehacker is doggcatcher podcast player . beyondpod podcast manager also offers import from google reader . but acast ' s description claims that the app has integration with google reader , not just import ( sorry , can not test it myself , this app crashed for me ) .
i would have to double-check on the reality of the sync/import part of the question , but you may want to look at beyondpod . it claims that it will sync read/unread status , but i have not used that capacity . i have used it for years ( on winmo long before android was available on a phone ) and have loved using it .
if you want your phone to not turn on in your pocket but still be able to have someone find your phone and identify it as yours , here 's what i recommend . set your phone background message ( the text that can display on your phone lock screen once enabled or edited ) to your name and email address . anyone who finds your phone can then contact you if they do not just want to steal it . enable a pass code , pattern lock , or password on your phone . you will never be able to disable the emergency call option from your lock screen ( unless you install a custom rom ) , but this should help cut down on the butt dials and other issues .
after doing some research , i have realized that you can find out if your bootloader is unlocked or not by entering your device 's fastboot mode ( from your device 's boot menu selection , select ap fastboot ) . about four or five lines down from the top , you will either see Device is LOCKED or Device is UNLOCKED . sadly , i found this out only after attempting to flash the custom recovery while my bootloader was locked , and trying to boot the phone subsequently would just put it into fastboot mode with the message " fastboot reason : flash failure " . thankfully , i could still get around this by entering boot selection mode ( holding vol down , up , and power simultaneously ) , and selecting " normal powerup " at the top . i ended up unlocking my bootloader , flashing again , and am now happily running cyanogenmod 11 . hope this helps someone .
what you need to download and install is called gapps , which is a package with all the google applications that come built in with android , but those are flashable and you can not just install them . i suggest you to take a look at [ rom ] hero cyanogenmod 7 nightlys-android 2.3.2 gingerbread ( 2011-02-27 ) , download the gapps provided there ( gapps-gb-20110120-signed . zip ) and flash that using the Install update.zip on your unlocked bootloader menu .
apparently , it could not be installed because of market country restrictions . . so in case someone needs a solution - i tried using market enabler , and got it ( yt ) installed without problem .
one way to do this would be with evernote . you could organize it all sorts of different ways ( eg . organize companies by tag or by notebook . . . and a new note for each interaction . . . ) and you can attach files ( photos , pdf , voice memos . . . ) to each note . as far as recording the actual calls , as matthew read suggested , take a look at this question . if you are looking for a more integrated approach that works with the current call log and calendar you could consider an app like bizlog ( $9 ) . it does not do everything you want but it gets you very close . if this is more of why you are looking for i would continue your search but use terms like crm ( contact relationship manager ) and contact notes , contact log or contact management .
onik is correct in suggesting the built in task switcher but if you search " task switcher " in the market you will find a number of apps that might help , i suggest picking something light weight and intuitive . from personal experience i can easily suggest quickdesk or wave launcher . quickdesk will bring up a virtual home screen whenever/wherever . you can assign your favourite apps , shortcuts etc and it can show a scrollbar of recently run apps . i recently switched to wave launcher and love it . it is highly configurable , light and intuitive , mimicking the gesture activate ribbon in palm 's webos . with a flick of your thumb or finger , you can bring up your favourite app , a recently run app , shortcut , or app draw overlay , all without leaving your current app ( as long as you back out of whatever you are in ) . it is regulary updated and has brought many new features and improvements . take a little time to experiment and tweak it and i thin you will be very happy . best of luck .
case #1: you can get back to recently used apps by holding down the home key until a menu appears , and then selecting the app you want to return to . case #2: press the home button and open your dictionary app , and then use the method in #1 to return to messaging . this works if you do not have too many apps open , since the memory is limited and if you open too many apps , android will close them from the background . the important distinction is that the home key does not quit the app but exists to the launcher , and the back button exits the app .
i assume you are talking about the home and launcher screens . the launcher is exactly that , a place for your to launch apps from , while the home screen can be populated by shortcuts , folders , and widgets which make content richer and more accessible . perhaps a defy owner may be able to suggest a reason as to why there might be lag and what to do about it , but it might just be a bit of struggle for your phone to load all the apps you have , which is dependant on memory size and cpu speed . perhaps a replacement launcher would be faster . the top two seem to be adw and launcher pro , of which i think launcher pro might be marginally faster . you might also want to try go launcher and zeam . do some research and testing . as well as being faster , their are often highly configurable . for instance , the feel of the native launcher on my samsung galaxy s2 is very ' tactile ' and ' organic ' despite the power of the handset . however , adw allows me to set the speed of the homescreen and appdraw so that it is snappy as hell . i can also create differing app draws , excluding unnecessary apps and allowing it to load faster .
i just bought the phone yesterday after reading a lot about it . my phone does not have any lag in the app launcher ( the screen with the shortcuts for the installed applications , vertical scroll ) and has about 50 shortcuts and it is quite responsive .
what you are describing as the horizontal scrolling is the home screen . it is there to hold shortcuts to apps and widgets . think of it as your pc 's desktop . the vertical scrolling list is the list of actual applications that are installed ( like opening c:\program files ) . when you add new apps , it might take a second or two for android to load their icons into the cache . so long as you do not install hundreds of apps , this should not get exponentially slower . i suspect that demo unit probably needed to be reset since dozens of people handle it every day . i have not played with the defy specifically , but i have a wide selection of phones running different oses at my desk and none of them are terribly slow in the launcher app .
your apps are installed to internal memory natively , thus the 28mb space left in your settings → apps click on an app and if it gives you the option to move to sd card , try it . not all apps can be moved and some apps will not work right if moved , on that use your best judgement . there are also some apps you can find that will do the same thing for you if the move to sd card is not an option . thumbnails . this is refering to the sd card where there is enough space , but might be useful though : a ) you can find the file ( usually here : /mnt/sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails , or something close to that ) in your system that is storing thumbnails , erase that - its usually pretty large . that will give some extra space . b ) or if you not afraid to get into the system a little more you can do this for a more permanent fix . ** with this you be switching another file out for the thumbnail file . that way it can not be recreated . move any ancillary files ( movies , music , photos , email attachments , downloads and etc . ) to the sd card edit if rooted , you might be able move /data/media/obb to sd card without errors .
the problem you are facing is not uncommon . namely android operating system ( like any other ) provides different partitions for different usages , among them there is a partition for user installed apps ( " apps partition " ) , and that partition is usually 1 gb or 2 gb or less ( depending on the total memory of the device ) . and you do have only 28 mb on your internal storage where the apps are stored . long story short , those 2 gb of free space you have are not meant for apps but for media files ( pictures , videos , etc . ) . there are two solutions to your problem : moving apps from internal memory to sd card ( not necessary external sd card ) . this will allow you to install apps on the internal memory while the data of the apps ( which is usually bigger then the app itself ) will be stored on your sd card . this is will give you a lot of free space for more apps of your choice . downside is , every app you move to the sd card will not have a widget and will be slower to use . you can do this by installing app2sd from play store or any other app that can move other apps . different approach requires more technical skills . you can root your device , and manually change the partitions so you get more space on your " apps partition " , but reduce system partition or cache partition . this procedure is a bit tricky and is different for each device . if you decide to do this a good starting point is the xda developers forum or simply google it for your specific device . hope this helps .
i spotted this advice on the post on the google mobile blog announcing the new voice actions . at least one person in the comments claimed success . just run the following commands to uninstall the old system apps if you use a custom rom . adb remount adb shell rm /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox adb shell rm /system/app/voicesearch . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . voicesearch then they will install just fine from market ( from the us market ) . marketaccess set to tmo us will allow you to find them .
i use tasker for this . you can have separate screen timeouts ( and other settings ) for individual apps . i bump up the timeout for my ebook readers .
i do not know of a quick way to change this setting while reading , except that some reader apps have a setting which you can turn on which overrides the screen timeout while reading . i believe aldiko has this setting , but it is been a while since i have used it . not sure of any other reader apps which have it , but it might be a good suggestion to send to the developers of your favorite app .
i use screebl for this . it uses the phones orientation sensors to keep the screen on permanently if it is held at an angle . you can then set the timeout to something very low such as 15 seconds which kicks in when the phone is laid flat .
following the package name you provided , the app you are talking about is called gingerbread launcher free from the developer eugene373 . you must have installed this launcher before install go launcher . go launcher was your default launcher and after you removed it the system is asking you to choose between the android 's launcher and this one . if you do not need it you can remove it .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
the galaxy s2 has an unlocked bootloader , which means you can install any rom on it , rooting is not mandatory , some roms have root privileges , some do not .
i tried formatting the card again , this time on my computer , using gparted and it worked . i cleared the data of the media storage app and restarted the phone and now all media is visible to all apps again !
your problem is although you have reset your phone , somehow it can not find a partition to boot from .
as the comments in the other answer ( s ) state , make sure to wipe both the /cache and /data partitions . i failed to do this and my cyanogenmod 7.2 rom hung on boot . when i wiped both partitions ( via the clockworkmod recovery console ) , the phone booted successfully .
check the wifi connection you connected it to if it is working properly . go to settings> apps> all> google services framework and clear the data . restart your nexus 7 and see if the update downloads without hitch .
install this wifi tether and configure it according to video . it is working
it does not look like there a way to delete huddles , only hide them . navigate to the message , hit the menu button on the handset , and select " hide " .
the answer can be found in the backup tag-wiki . in short : adb backup is the newer file based backup scheme introduced in android 4.0 . it creates a backup of the file system tree and files . better explanation would be it is a logical backup , as files are mainly grouped by apps . side-effect is that files not having a clear relation might be missing from such a backup . it is secure , because you need to unlock the lockscreen first to proceed and one can also encrypt the backups themselves . backups can be done online . this method allows finer-grained control over what gets backuped and restored . nandroid backup is the older partition based concept , i.e. it creates images of the file systems ( think of norton ghost or rather the dd linux tool to have something to compare with ) . a better term here would be physical backup , as it is a blockwise copy . a recovery mode that supports this method ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) needs to be installed and started . backups can be created and accessed without entering the lockscreen passphrase . this method is an all-or-nothing approach , restoring individual apps is not possible ( without 3rd party support by titanium backup pro , for example ) find some more details in above mentioned tag-wiki , which also links to further ressources .
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
gps relies on your device picking up radio signals transmitted by satellites orbiting above us , an awful lot of things can block these relatively weak signals . from pocket gps world : how does the global positioning system work ? buildings , terrain , electronic interference , or sometimes even dense foliage can block signal reception , causing position errors or possibly no position reading at all . gps units typically will not work indoors , underwater or underground . ( my emphasis ) this is the same whether you are using a dedicated gps receiver , or a smart phone , if the radio signal can not get through your device will not be able to pick it up . in addition phones tend to have less sensitive gps receivers than large , powerful , dedicated gps devices with large antennae so there are likely to be marginal places undercover where your phone will not be able to pick up a gps signal when a dedicated device may be able to .
yes , change the notification settings in Market -&gt; (Menu button/Action Bar Button depending on device) Settings .
i had this same problem and all i did to fix it was restart my phone ! worked like a charm !
since you are still receiving the messages , the app must just be buggy . you could try using the handcent sms app instead .
how much free internal space do you have on your phone ? when my phone has too many services running or does not have enough free internal space then services will get killed left and right , therefore the messaging service will not run to alert me of a new message . try uninstalling some apps or moving them to the sd card . you can check for any unnecessary running services under settings -- > applications --> running services .
if you want to boot htc hd2 with andorid you have 2 possibilities : use the htc hd2 android port that boot from a sd card . reflash the htc with an android custom rom on xda-developers you can find extensive information , tutorials and practically any information you can need to accomplish your objective . here you can find the diferent forums for each option here is the forum dedicated to the sd port here is the forum dedicated to the nand port ( needs to reflash your phone )
here 's a quickly googled howto/link collection : http://www.htchd2forum.com/android-on-the-hd2/how-to-install-android . can not really help more without a more specific problem/question .
at first glance i can see ( at least ) one of the following problems : the phone 's " charging system " is dead ( worst case ) . cable/charger is broken battery is dead . of course i cannot deduct something more precise , because of the lack of information you provide , but what i would do is the following : ask someone to lend you a micro usb cable to try charge it ( use both wall plugs along with adapter and a pc usb port ) . if the above wont work , take it to a local electronics shop to test your battery . if the above fails too , you are probably unlucky .
the free pdf annotation app has a goto function ( as well as a search function ) . i use it myself to read pdf and make notes while reading .
vudroid . market it has " go to page " , but can not search .
it is very simple . on the lower left corner of the page you are on there is the page number . if you do not see it touch this place and the page number will appear . for example if you are on page 54 in a file 700 pages long you will see 54/700 . you touch the number 54 and a request " go to page " will appear with a supporting touch keyboard . you print the page number and ok .
you can goto page in ' fit to screen ' or ' continous scroll ' mode ( but not ' reflow text' ) by touching at the bottom of the screen and it'll make a scroll bar turn up . as you drag your finger left and right you will see the page number and total number of pages at the top left of the screen .
be sure to check Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Quiet Hours and make sure that it is disabled . that is been an unknowing culprit for me in the past .
you said that you have some important data on phone . using " volume up+home button+power button " combination in some phones hard resets the phone . so taking your phone to a service center is a good solution .
a number of motorola devices support that feature . here is a link to their site . my group has the bionic and atrix 2 and they support that feature . http://www.motorola.com/business-ready/us-en/business-ready-support-pages/security
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
i am using a sgs2 - corporate exchange / activesync account does indeed force encryption of all device storage
visit halo color wallpaper lite > https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tangblack.colorgradientwallpaper.lite
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
the simplest way to create a black image is to keep the phone with camera down on desk ( so that no light falls on the camera ) and shooting an image . then simply set the recently shot image as your wall paper . : )
halo color wallpaper does a great job for your android device !
i developed an app named color wallpaper that does this . it is free and available on the android market . there are many other colors to choose from besides black .
you need the android sdk installed on your computer to be able to do anything in the debugging mode . i think that will also install the relevant driver . try installing it and see if it works . http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html
what you are probably seeing is the charge monitor greatly mis-estimating the amount of charge left in the battery . it thinks there is a lot of charge left , but in reality there is not—the battery is almost depleted . when the battery actually runs out , reality takes over , and the phone goes off . you had normally only see this when using a battery that is long past its lifespan . you also should see this during the day—or at least , you should see a much shorter than expected battery life . you could try resetting to factory defaults ( wiping the phone ) , which might help if its just a software issue . i would guess its a hardware issue , and you need to rma the phone .
select Google Maps as default and then you only need to select Navigation to open Google Navigation .
i do not know if sony devices might have a different keyboard pre-installed . but the usual place to look for this is settings&rarr ; language and input , look for keyboards and input methods . here you should be able to configure your keyboard : on my ics device , next to each input method available is a " gear symbol " . tapping that , opens the settings for that input method . the topmost entry is labeled something with " input language " . tap that , and you will find the available languages , again with a " gear symbol " letting you select the keyboard layout . as all languages in the list have their keyboard layouts announced , you might also simply enable the language with the correct layout there . my list e.g. has : english ( qwerty ) english ( azerty ) english ( qwertz ) so you'ld just need to enable the one you want . you also can enable multiple languages you then can switch between directly from the keyboard , of course .
at my locality http://www.google.com.my/m/places shows that at least some of the places are " business listings provided by super pages malaysia " . that provider information is not shown in my places application though .
places is part of google maps ( and was introduced with maps 4.4 about a year ago ) , you should be able to see and search for all the same businesses and attractions in the main google maps app , places just puts a nicer interface on it . much of the data came from what used to be called google local . businesses can add themselves to local/maps/places and update their records themselves , here http://www.google.com/local/add/promo google maps has had a " add your business to google maps " link on the page pretty much forever , that links to http://www.google.com/local/add?hl=engl=us also just like other local business discovery services like foursquare , users themselves can add places into places , check into them and rate them through the app or http://www.google.com/hotpot see also the announcement page from when " place pages " were first added to the web version of google maps back in 2009 which has some more details http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/09/place-pages-for-google-maps-there-are.html including that you can add them through community edits or google map maker .
adb reboot bootloader  then fastboot flash &lt;whatever-it-is-you-want-to-flash&gt;  if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . it may also be that you do not have the drivers correctly installed , which may happen under windows 8 because of its insistence on signed drivers . - source
it is very unlikely that samsung will ever release an unmodified android firmware for the galaxy s ii . they have never released one for their galaxy s family of phones without their touchwiz " enhancements " . historically the only android devices that have run the stock os have been the very early phones released by each manufacturer ( before they had written their own customizations ) and the google nexus series of phones . if you stray away from that you are going to get modified firmwares , interfaces and apps . one of the big downsides to using a phone that has extensive manufacturer customizations is that this means that they will generally be a lot slower in pushing out updated versions of the android os to you . phones with manufacturer customized os 's are normally updated months after the nexus devices , if ever . this is because the manufacturers have to do lots of work and testing to re-integrate all of their changes and customizations back into the os every time the base os changes . factor in the fact that phone companies often drag their feet in certifying the updated os 's on their networks and you have a huge set of delays before the updates reach your phone . the big upsides to a customized os is that the manufacturer will often add a lot of features that are not available to stock os phones , eg samsung 's touchwiz offered built-in wireless tethering well before it was added to the stock os in froyo , both htc sense and samsung touchwiz add remote phone tracking and wiping features to the phones ( in most geographic regions ) , their media players can generally play more formats , and the interfaces often look " nicer " . your main option for " clean " firmwares running the stock os for non-nexus phones is to use unofficial custom roms . many of these use the stock android interface and apps , with only minimal changes to either . see these questions for more on custom roms : what is the difference between : rooting , jailbreak , rom , mod , etc , and what is the meaning of “flashing a custom rom” ? also see this previous question : android phones without custom uis update : since this answer was written one things has changed . in mid-2013 google started offering " google play edition " phones for sale on the play store in certain regions in addition to their own nexus line of devices . these " google play edition " phones tend to be some of the more popular , higher-end gsm phones and are offered with the plain android os with google apps , and without any manufacturer or carrier modifications , just like nexus phones . so far these phones have been getting os updates much faster than their manufacturer modified brethren . so far the phones available on there in " pure google " versions include the samsung galaxy s4 , htc one , lg g pad 8.3 , sony z ultra , and motorola moto g . as these are generally the exact same hardware as their manufacturer branded siblings there are often fairly simple ways to apply these " clean " oss to branded phones ( but do check that you really do have the same hardware , some of these phones have variations with the same name , but different hardware in them , eg they may be available in gsm , cdma , lte versions with totally different radio hardware and soc cpus ) .
if what you are looking for is an “official” way of having a clean android installation in a samsung galaxy s ii , then i have to tell you that this is not possible . samsung provides some added functions in his firmware ( proprietary launcher , mail app , synchronization app with the pc , etc… ) there is the possibility to install custom roms on the samsung galaxy s so probably this will be possible for the galaxy s ii too , but this void the warranty . if what you want is a powerful phone which will be the first to update to every new version of android with no added software or modifications , you are looking for a nexus s .
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
if using twrp you can sideload from within recovery . boot into twrp . go to Advanced &gt; ADB Sideload and slide to start . plug usb cable into pc . if your device is not detected , manually add standard google driver . then type adb devices and you should see : xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx sideload type adb sideload &lt;filename.zip&gt; and it will be flashed automatically .
verizon and at and t phone can now be rooted using towel root . get it here http://towelroot.com this exploit takes advantage of a vulnerability in the linux kernel . i have tested this and it is working on my sm-g900v just download the apk and run it . press the button once the so loads and you will be rooted in less than a second . give props to geoshot who developed the exploit so that he will be inclind to do more work like this in the future .
the verizon and at and t versions have locked bootloaders and are not able to be rooted at the moment .
cf autoroot but it will trip knox http://autoroot.chainfire.eu/
pro pdf reader has auto scrolling feature
ezpdf reader pro has a feature Page Auto Flipping which auto-scroll screen every provided second .
to begin with this , i do not think that this question does not belong here , because it is related to the android system logs and that is something we can be helpfull with . i found a thread , where the people are discussing various methods to obtain these log information - see here : there are several directories where logs ( including those from crashes ) might appear -- not all of them are standardized ( i.e. . some may be rom-specific ) . /data/anr: some trace files seem to get here ( dalvik writes stack traces here on anr , i.e. " application not responding " aka " force-close" ; see e.g. log excerpts here ) /data/dontpanic seems to be a standard location ( aosp ) , and contains some crash logs including traces ( see e.g. viaforensics and stackoverflow ) /data/kernelpanics is another location -- not having had any " kernel panic " on my android devices , i saw no content there yet . the /data/panic/panic_daemon.config may point to other locations configured -- on my droid 2 it mentions /sdcard/panic_data/ /data/tombstones may hold several tombstone_nn files ( with nn being a serial , increased with every new file ) . as tombstones are placed for the dead , it is done here for " processes died by accident " ( i.e. . crashed ) -- and it is what is referred to as " core dumps " on linux/unix systems . however , not all apps create tombstones ; this must be explicitly enabled by the developer ( see debugging android core dumps ) . since you already have root access to your phone , you can even examine the logcat output through the adb . here are some other links that might be of use for you : link - the " android system info " application 's description link - the " crash log ( logcat ) " application ( playstore link ) link - * in brief : since it is a long artice , which describes how to debug , this can be found anywhere in google ( see also " debuggerd" ) . this is of course if those links ever get down . my personal advice - revert to the original android rom , which was installed on the samsung , then perform a revert to factory defaults , go where you bought the phone and ask them to see it once more if the problem persists . cheers
the solution : thanks to the guys on this thread i figured it out . i also used the same tool they described , minitool partition wizard , though i am sure you could use any partition tool . in windows on an sdxc card you can only format in exfat and ntfs . with a third party tool , you can make the card a fat partition . once you do this , the card is recognized in my s2 with no issues . i assume this will work with other phones that have " grey " support for large capacity sdxc cards . hope this helped y'all !
as well as being in the right format , there are two types of sdxc cards . for devices that say that cards above 32gb may not be supported , they only support the v2 sd card , and devices that say they support above 32gb , the take both v2 and v3 . v1 is now redundant .
usually android can use only fat32 because of permissions in ext file systems . if you have a terminal emulator installed + root + busybox you can do it like that : open terminal ; type su to get root ; insert cable and flash drive ; type dmesg to get device name ; make a folder using your file manager ; try to : mount -t ext4 /dev/(device name) (path to folder you make) ; enter the folder : cd (path to folder) ; change the file permissons : chmod 777 (your file) ; go to that folder with file manager and play . or you could just use stickmount .
try usb mass storage watcher otg ( requires root ) . some people say it works on ext4 . if it does not work , it is possible your otg cable is not compatible .
no . on a few devices ' stock roms it is possible to use a security vulnerability in a driver or the kernel to root the device from the device itself , but they generally require a specific app to work ( such as framaroot for the devices and roms it supports ) . afaik , there is not a single device you can exploit this way to get root from the command-line . on devices without such a vulnerability , you can only unlock the bootloader from fastboot , which requires you to be in fastboot mode .
have you looked into towelroot by geohotz ? it is a kernel based exploit that works on ( nearly ) every device . you just push the apk to your phone and run the apk from a file manager , reboot , and installer superuser from the play store . . . .
my samsung galaxy s came with the aldiko e-reader pre-installed . apparently , this is pre-installed by samsung , not my carrier . it is specified in the official galaxy s website in the user guide , under tools .
i prefer fbreader but none of the android readers are as good as stanza for iphone . i find them all quite disappointing : ( .
i am using laputa reader and i am very much satisfied with same .
my tmo vibrant came with the kindle app , but as saiboogu said , they are all downloadable , too .
in the us , at least , most editions of the galaxy s are shipped with quick office , a pretty functional document viewer that includes word and pdf support . it is basic , but works . beyond that , quite a few 3rd party apps are available on the market , including adobe reader , amazon kindle , barnes and noble nook , and a handful of readers supporting non drmed formats like txt and epub .
android 2.1 does not have any preloaded ebook readers but specific phones may have something preloaded . the pre-loaded apps depend on the carrier , but regardless you can download different ebook readers from the android app market for free . unfortunately none of the current ebook readers are a complete solution as they all have major limitations . here are the main players : free and non-proprietary ( free app and free books ) aldiko : supports epubs with and without adobe drm . there are thousands of these books available ; aldiko also has an included store selling commercial , drm-protected books . great user interface . aldiko also has a paid app that has more features . there are a bunch more that do the open source books in the app market but none hold a candle to aldiko . proprietary ( these are all free apps but in most cases you have to buy the books ) ereader : only reads pdb files and you have to sideload the app . there area several book stores that sell books in this format including ereader . com and fictionwise but these books are usually twice as much as kindle or nook books . barnes and noble used to sell pdb ebooks but swicthed to a drm'd epub . this has got a great ( powerful and easy ) ui and used to be my favorite when i could get books from b and n but now it is useless to me . nook : reads open epubs and drm'd epubs you buy from barnes and noble . the ui needs a lot of work compared to ereader and aldiko . * i just abandoned this for the kindle app . kindle : ( this one comes pre-loaded on the t-mobile galaxy s ) reads drm'd ( . azw ) ebooks you buy from amazon . * this is now my ereader of choice . kobo : reads ebooks from kobo.com. i have not bothered with this since the nook came out . it used to be able to read borders . com books but i do not know anymore . the old version of the app did not allow for offline reading but they might have fixed that . most of the major proprietary readers ( nook , kindle and kobo ) all have about the same selection of new release books at the same price ( about $12.99 per book ) . i expect these apps to get a lot better in the future it is just a very frustrating that i used to be able to use a much more robust and user friendly app ( ereader ) with new b and n books , but now i have had to downgrade to the nook . but to answer you question ( got off on a tangent there , sorry ) : if you get the galaxy s from t-mobile you will have kindle pre-loaded , but even if nothing 's pre-loaded you can download all or any of the above mentioned apps for free from the android market ( except ereader which you have to sideload ) . update : amazon just recently updated their kindle app with a few key features ( that i came to love in ereader ) that make it a nook killer in my book : 1 . ability to highlight text and make notes 2 . ability to long click on a word and look it up at dictionary . com or wikipedia . i am switching to the kindle app now although i am annoyed that i just bought two nook books .
insert the new sim into the phone . go to whatsapp settings > account > change number validate the new number . go to chat settings > backup conversations follow the instructions here to restore the conversations
try this : backup your whatsapp from old phone using helium backup . follow the instructions for backing up whatsapp ( or any other application for that matter ) . once the backup is complete , you will find a folder named " carbon " on your phone storage . copy this folder on your pc . install helium on the phone after restoring and get this backed up folder on your phone and place on the same location on the storage . start helium and backup whatsapp using the " restore and sync " tab available in the app . if you are not rooted , you need to connect your phone to pc using usb cable to start the backup . follow the instructions given on play store page .
these types of remote shutters usually rely on a more standard 3.5mm jack to plug into the camera . the only bluetooth solution i know of is this : http://www.amazon.com/satechi-bluetooth-wireless-eos-d2000-compatible/dp/b00anwqmwk but unfortunately it looks like its only for canon dslrs with a hotshoe .
yes you can use your android phone to act as a remote shutter for certain digital cameras . helicon remote , remote release and dslrdashboard are popular apps that uses usb otg cable to control various canon and nikon dslrs . eos remote is an app from canon tailormade for its eos series for dslrs but it makes of use of wifi though . the only application with description that makes use of both bluetooth and ir to control your camera is dslr remote plus by bitshift . try the free version available in playstore to check the compatibility with your devices . if satisfied buy the donate version and help the developer .
i had a similar issue on mine as well . the process to fix it was not to bad , knowing that you have the issue is the key . once you have gotten the proper ruu for your device in . zip format rename it to firmware . zip for ease of use . place it in your folder with fastboot ( sdk ) boot your phone into bootloader hook up your usb cable . make sure you have the fastbootusb in bootloader screen . then type the following commands , hope it goes well . re-lock your bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) call up the ruu boot ( fastboot oem rebootruu ) you should get the htc logo at this point . flash the ruu ( fastboot flash zip firmware . zip ) at this point you could get an error 90 use the up arrow on keyboard to reselect your cmd command and hit enter . if no error or when complete type ( fastboot reboot-bootloader ) good luck many thanks to o.m.j. at xda for helping me with this issue when i ran across it .
you need to do a factory reset and wipe the dalvik cache . what bootloader are you using ? twrp or clockwork would be examples . i would enter this as a comment but lack the necessary reputation . this tread on xda may be of use . soft bricked - xda
as per users it seems that the only official thing to do is to change mainboard that is somewhat faulty on this c8 series . service centre should handle such situation .
you can compare that to other os 's versions as well : a program designed for e.g. windows 8 does not necessarily run on windows 95 . development goes on , and that includes the api s they provide . with each new version , new interfaces are available to the programmers , saving them from " re-inventing the wheel": why code an entire library yourself , when it is much easier to access one that is already available ? but if a specific feature was introduced with version 4.1 , and the developer made use of that in his app , that app would not work properly on versions 4.0 and below , obviously . so depending on the apis used , such an app might not even start on a lower version , or some core functionality would not be available at all or even crash . to prevent the user from such mishap , developers must declare a " minimum required api level " in the manifest 1 of their apps . as each " api level " corresponds with a specific android version , this makes the app " incompatible " with lower versions . 1 the manifest is an xml file included in every android app , declaring the app 's requirements .
there is no bluetooth le support in all current android apis ( at the time of writing that is api level 16 , up to android 4.1 ) . phone manufactures have to use the stacks of the bluetooth chip manufactures . the only phone that has a build-in le chip and actually makes use of it is the motorola razor . there have been reports that after the ics update , bluetooth le pairing wont work any more . so , no convenient way to query a device for le support and make use of it , until there is bluetooth le support in the official android api . iirc the linux kernel has no ( stable ) bluetooth le api yet , too .
as of now , the checking for ble support has to be done manually by studying specifications and searching on google ( as far as i know ) . see this question on stackoverflow : bluetooth smart ( 4.0 ) / gatt support in android 4.0 ? it states that android does not support bluetooth 4.0 ( le ) out of the box up to android-4.0 ( maybe with jelly bean 4.1 onwards , the nexus 7 tab suggests that ) . manufacturers have to add their own api to allow access to bt le ( e . g . this app is limited to motorola ) . that is why your mileage may vary with different phones up to 4.0 . casio 's bluetooth le enabled watch is also an example of limited ( official ) compatibility ( not even the iphone 4s is mentioned , by the way ) . my best guess is that with more devices having 4.1 the issue will solve by itself and you can find apps showing it . here are lists by manufacturers : motorola htc : good listing not found yet google : galaxy nexus ( not with 4.0 ) , nexus 7 tab
finally with android 4.3 there is btle support in the os . for individual devices you need to wait for a 4.3 update to see if the support has been added . for now a nexus 4 looks like the one device that should be good . ( i have just ordered one to do btle development on . ) some devices that were sold as btle ready and are believed to have the necessary hardware do not look like they will really work . e.g. the original nexus looks not to be getting the update according to google .
i think the translation is Instant upload , and it means that it uploads the photo to your google+ account 's instant uploads album in the background . check your g+ profile for this folder .
never ever flash android rom without wiping data / cache wipe dalvik cache format system ( optional , but requires for some rom ) always read instructions carefully before flashing any rom / mod and reverify whether its for your phone model only . anyway , as you said you are not able to go to recovery mode , therefore there is no use of having a backup . try to reset your phone , ( ie , press power button for approx 7 - 10 sec ) . if nothing works , follow below instructions : take out the battery . put on the back cover . hold both volume + and volume - while plug in the usb cable to a pc . it will automatically get into ftm mode . then flash generic 2.2 firmware on it . after flashing , it may stuck in the ftm loop . put in the battery and flash again . after 2nd flashing , take out the battery for 10 seconds . then put it back . press and hold both power and volume + to boot into android . i have no experience with zte v9 , so i can not hand on step by step tutorial . hope your phone gets well soon . sources : modaco : zte bricked androidforums : zte unbrick manual
as soon as the device gets factory-reset , you can forget about tracking it with google 's device manager : as your google account on the device is gone then , there is no way for google 's dm to communicate with it . unless you have installed some anti-theft solution which integrates with the rom ( and thus survices a factory-reset – a feature offered e.g. by cerberus , if your device is rooted ) , you will have lost all control then . but even a rom-integrated solution would be gone as soon as a new rom is flashed . as long as it is still working , you could take a second device and follow the lost one . once in range that you should be able to see it , you could trigger the 5-minutes-permanent-ringer . in the hope for an " honest finder " , who should take this as a proof and hand your device back to you . do not wait too long , or the battery might be dead !
there could possibly be a bug which is causing the app to delete the latest incoming messages . un-install the application . power off and wait for 2-3mins switch on the device and install the app from the play store check for and install the latest updates for hangouts from the play store always keep your applications up to date in order to avoid some bugs like this in the future
couple of different ways : since you are specifically talking about linux , you can download remote audio from google play . it is free , and connects to your linux computer using ssh , then listens to your soundcard via its dev/dsp mount . download a " remote desktop " app . there are several , most are paid apps , and they each target a particular remote admin protocol and/or desktop os . most of them will forward audio as well as video , turning your android device into a full remote control for your desktop .
have you tried removing and re-adding the facebook account in your " accounts and sync " settings ? sometimes something in the sync process can get corrupted ( left half-finished , etc ) and that prevents future sync attempts from working properly . if you clear the account info off the phone and then re-sync it ( wi-fi recommended ) you should get a clean copy . if that does not work , something 's borked with your facebook app ; try completely uninstalling and reinstalling the app ( or at least remove all updates , if your phone/provider considers facebook a " system app" ) . if you had said that none of the facebook sections were syncing properly , i would say you were on a lan that was blocking access to the domain , but that is apparently not the case here .
add a blank file named .nomedia in the folders containing music that you do not want to be seen in the music player . media scanner ignores files in the folder with .nomedia file . i have never tried this on eclair , but i guess it should work . and yes , you may have to restart the device after this is done . edit : the restart is to trigger the media scanner to do its job . you can also trigger it by unmounting and remounting your sd card ( which can be done from storage settings or by connecting it to your computer ) , or by using one of the " trigger-happy-apps " like e.g. sdrescan
as my suggestion in above comment seems to be relevant , i hereby convert it to an answer as promised : it might be that is some " cached info " somewhere . you could try walking your apps ( settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps ) for all fitting things ( media player , media scanner , es file explorer . . . ) and delete their caches . check whether that solves the issue . if not , you could try to delete data for media player/scanner at the same place ( at least scanner data should be rebuilt on the next scan ; the player would lose its configured preferences when deleting data ) . keep in mind to check all apps ( not just the downloaded section : the latter only applies to the apps you have installed yourself , while the former also includes system apps ) . when you have cleared cache and data , you library might appear empty at first . this is no bug or problem -- it is just the media scanner needs to rebuild its library . this happens on certain events : after a reboot after a re-mount of the sd card ( e . g . plugging it into your computer via usb , then disconnect it again ) when another app triggers it ( take e.g. a look at sdrescan for this ) .
does your sdcard have multiple partitions ? most recoveries have built-in repair function to scan corruptions in sdcards which prevents your phone from booting properly , it is under mount -> repair if you are using cwm . if it did not help , try removing your sdcard temporarily to check if it boots up properly . if it successfully boots then you need to reformat your sdcard , make sure to backup first .
as you stated you can go to safe mode fine , the conclusion is clear : one of your apps is causing this issue . if you can remember what you installed lately , immediately before the trouble started , that is the most likely candidate . you can use safe mode to uninstall this malfunctioning app -- that is what is safe mode is for . to your a-b-c : a ) see above : a mal-functioning app is the most likely candidate . b ) again see above : boot to safe mode , and uninstall the evil-doer c ) yes , absolutely .
adb is the acronym for android debug bridge , which is part of the android sdk ( software development kit ) . it uses a client-server-model ( i.e. . adbd , the adb daemon , is running on the device and can be connected to ) , and in most cases is used via an usb connection . it is also possible to use it via wifi ( wireless adb ) . there is nothing you need to install on your android device , as the adb daemon ( adbd ) is already integrated into the android os . it is usually accessed via a command line interface from the pc , where either the full android sdk is installed ( several 30 mb download archive currently ) , or a massively stripped-down version for " non-developers " , sometimes referred to as " mini adb " or " adb essentials " ( for linux , this is only the adb executable ; for windows it is adb.exe plus two or three .dll files ) : adb [-d|-e|-s &lt;serialNumber&gt;] &lt;command&gt;  ( serialnumber is only needed if there are multiple devices connected at the same time , so you have to specify the target ) it would become a rather long answer to explain all the options/commands available to adb . so i will only name some of the more important : adb backup / adb restore: to backup/restore your device , either single apps with/without their data , or data with/without their apps , up to a full backup of all apps and data , including system apps adb push / adb pull: copy files to/from the device adb shell: open a shell on the device to execute commands directly adb logcat / adb bugreport: display the system log or generate a complete bug report including system log , device information and more adb [un]install: ( un ) install an app this is just a small selection . there are additional commands for scripting , and especially adb shell has a lot of options ( basically , all linux and java commands available on the device can be run through it ) . useful references everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via sdk developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
uninstalling the yahoo weather app worked for me . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293566page=2
i am using evernote v4.2.1 and the multiple list functionality works correctly , whether i am using numbers or boxes or hyphens . the result is : test test you should try to update your app in google play and try again .
the youtube app does not provide these free movies . i believe the only movies google provides is in their play store ; obvious not free options .
i do see what you are talking about . in my youtube app ( ics version ) i can see several categories under " browse " , where it seems movies would fit in , but this category is non-existent . i do know that there are many videos on youtube that are " not available for viewing on mobile devices " , and i think this is what is happening in this case . for example , " talladega nights " is currently available under the youtube movie section , but cannot be found in doing a search on the mobile app . it looks like this is a desktop only feature for now :/
it appears that the " view free movies only " functionality has not been added to either the youtube app nor the mobile version of the site . presumably this will be added at some future date , but until then , a workaround ( which works for me in canada , at least from brief testing ( i was able to open and start watching final fantasy : the spirits within ) ) would be to do the following : open youtube.com/movies in your device browser . hit the " desktop " link at the bottom-left . open the free section as normal and find the movie you want . when you hit the watch now button , select to open in the youtube app rather than in browser . if at some point in those steps it just jumps on its own to the youtube app , you will need to go into settings-> applications-> youtube and clear the " launch by default " setting for the app .
you can look at the google changes for each release of android , but this device uses samsung touchwiz . this release contains the google changes , plus the changes that samsung made . i do not know of a " change log " page that samsung has . i read that this version is the official gingerbread 2.3.5 release of android touchwiz . but also , if you use a usb jig , that it breaks the that functionality .
are you sure that you have enabled fde ? i have read this link which states that fde may not work directly as expected ( must try in 4.2.2 multiple times ) , and that you need a pin or password defined in advance . i mean , if you can access your data without entering a security credential then your device is probably not encrypted right ? watch out fde may not encrypt all the things you think it should : does android&#39 ; s full filesystem encryption also encrypt the sdcard ?
sdcards remount by default as read only on errors , could be one . or the contacts of the sd slot are dirty or loose or the micro usb port is so overused that random connect events happen that might get your card unmounted for a mount on a then not existing pc . ^that paragraph is based on what happened to my motorola milestone 2 , if i plugged that into the car charger it want crazy activating and deactiving dock mode 6 times per second . maybe something similar goes for charge indicatiors . also magnets in vicinity of androids can cause the strangest quirks
try using a sony ericsson wall charger . because standard usb can not supply much power , manufacturers often use off-spec currents and/or voltages in their wall chargers in order to charge the device faster . because they are breaking the standard by doing this , sometimes a wall-charger for one manufacturer 's device can not supply enough current to a different manufacturer 's device . this is not specific to android devices , but any device that charges using usb . for example , many iphone and ipad users have noticed that their mac charges the device faster than a pc does , because the pc has a standard usb port , but the usb ports on recent macs can recognise that they are connected to an ithing and supply extra voltage and current . if you do not have a sony ericsson wall charger , follow izzy 's suggestion and make sure to keep the screen turned off when you want to charge .
i am using galaxy tab shw-180s . this same thing happened with me few days ago . this is how i solved it . 1 ) first remove the battery from the device . 2 ) charge your battery from any other electric source . ( i do not remember the device name . but most mobile repairing shops have that device ) you can also try by changing your charger or may be your charging source is not provide decent level of electricity that needs to charge your phone .
if watching the charge level with the display turned on implicates you are using the device while charging , the explanation might be easy -- if the following example somehow matches : assuming you are charging via usb from a computer/laptop/other-usb-source ( i.e. . not the wall-plugged charger ) . according to the usb specifications , this provides a charging power of 500 ma ( usb 2.0 ) or at maximum 900 ma ( usb 3.0 ) , as you can read e.g. in this wikipedia article . now taking the samsung galaxy s3 ( as we have got some reference data for this device , see my answer here ) , and let 's play some numbers : you are recording some video . this uses 1683 mw . you are downloading something via umts ( 3g ) : 1074 mw you are using the camera : 1460 mw you tethered your laptop to the phone , and download something : 1254 mw all these things with the screen off ! so you have got to add another ~800 mw for the screen ( 567 mw to 1568 mw , depending on brightness and colors ) . in each example ( and i can easily construct several more like that combining some facts , like " bluetooth download ( 487 mw ) plus average display ( 800 mw ) &rarr ; 1287 mw ) , your device uses more juice than the usb power source can provide . consequently , your phone -- although connected to an external power source -- discharges . this would be the case even when performing no actions , just having the display turned to max with a non-black ( but rather white/colorful ) picture : 1568 mw > 900 mw . so , rule of thumb : when charging via usb , keep the display off ; usb 2.0 cannot even provide enough juice for a fully dimmed display ( 567 mw > 500 mw ) , in case of the s3 ( it might be slightly different for your device : the motorola milestone e.g. needs just 310 mw for a fully dimmed display ) . see also : what causes battery to drain faster than it can charge ?
click on the man picture on the drop down . click on the man picture on the next two screens that come up . you should have two options " take new photo " and " select new photo from gallery " , add the photo here .
open the people application ( it is the name of the contacts app in jelly bean ) and edit the entry for " me " . set your picture there .
as a first look i would say that you are experiencing the sudden death symptom , but it is hard to know for certain . try to clean your battery connectors or try with a new battery .
get yourself a heating pad and set it to low , slowly increment the temperature until it begins charging again . if this works , your easiest fix is to buy a battery charger and interchange batteries . if your battery is dead , below operational then get it recharged for free at a battery store near you . if you want to resolve the problem , then inspect the charging ports for corrosion or damage . if you have a soldering kit you may want to replace this part if damaged at your nearest radio shack or electrical parts store . if the problem goes beyond that then call samsung tech support higher levels and pick there brain of what parts on the motherboard controls the battery temperature and if he can give you a replacement part number you can order . this may be a lengthily process but would help others with this same problem . good luck , and please update us if you decide to go this route . always recycle , your trash is another persons investment .
from the htc support page : what is connected media and how do i use it ? this is a new application that allows you to play pictures , music and videos stored on your phone or on a media server to dlna supported device such as a tv , music player or even speakers . to access connected media all programs ( button on the lower-left of the screen ) > connected media . so , anything that is dlna compliant should show up as a connected device . here is more information on connected media from htc .
also you can put your phone in airplane mode . you will still be able to access wifi , but all other connections will be terminated . just leave wifi off and your good to go .
as goggles is an app that you have said you are curious about , here are the permissions it asks for ( copied from the market web page ) : this application has access to the following : your accounts google app engine allows applications to sign in to google app engine using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . access other google services allows applications to sign in to unspecified google services using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . act as an account authenticator allows an application to use the account authenticator capabilities of the accountmanager , including creating accounts and getting and setting their passwords . manage the accounts list allows an application to perform operations like adding , and removing accounts and deleting their password . use the authentication credentials of an account allows an application to request authentication tokens . hardware controls take pictures and videos allows application to take pictures and videos with the camera . this allows the application at any time to collect images the camera is seeing . your location coarse ( network-based ) location access coarse location sources such as the cellular network database to determine an approximate device location , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine approximately where you are . fine ( gps ) location access fine location sources such as the global positioning system on the device , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine where you are , and may consume additional battery power . network communication full internet access allows an application to create network sockets . your personal information read contact data allows an application to read all of the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to send your data to other people . write contact data allows an application to modify the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to erase or modify your contact data . storage modify/delete usb storage contents modify/delete sd card contents allows an application to write to the usb storage . allows an application to write to the sd card . having used goggles for a while , these all seem fairly innocuous , here are what goggles does that needs those permissions : your accounts everything under this heading is needed because goggles links to your google account and stores your goggles history in your google account , so that you can go back at look at your previous searches , even after you change phones . to do this it needs to access the google account login credentials already saved in your phone 's " accounts " list , otherwise it would have to prompt you to log in to google every time you open it , or re-save your credentials again itself , which is a bit silly when they are already stored centrally on the phone . if you have more than one google account on your phone , then the first time you open goggles it asks you which one you want to save your history into . there is a setting that stops it saving your search history if you do not want this . hardware controls the entire point of goggles is to take pictures using the camera , it can not do that without these permissions . your location using goggles you can take pictures of landmarks and buildings and have it automatically identify them . it uses your location to help it narrow down the guesses of what you are photographing . network communication it uses google 's servers and massive databases to help it identify the potentially billions of different things you could photograph and ask it to recognize . your personal information * read/write contact data * you can take a photo of a business card with goggles and have it save the contact details from the business card straight into your contacts . storage you can set goggles to save all the images it takes to your sd card for later viewing via the gallery app ( this is in the settings and is off by default ) . so , as far as i can see , they have a legitimate reason for all of the permissions that the app asks for that fits with one or more of the apps functions or needs . could they also use these permissions for other purposes ? yes , but personally i trust the app to only use the access for the required purposes , after all google has plenty of other ways to get all of that info , as i am already syncing all of my contacts , etc up to gmail anyway !
if you are concerned about your privacy in general , there are approaches that can be taken . you will never convince google to let go of their data hunger , and you will not argue many developers into changing their permission requirements , as most of those are really needed for core functionalities of the apps -- or at least functionalities most of the users want from them . but you can do something about your devices : privacy protectors for rooted devices if your device is rooted , there are a few apps available to protect your data . best known in this area is lbe privacy guard ( which has some troubles with jelly bean currently ) , a closed-source app from china . used by many people not only there , first doubts ( closed source + china = spyware ? ) will not hold long : people even tracked what the app was doing , up to now i heard no evil thing . second , there is pdroid privacy protection , which is a little tricky to install , and finally it is open source pendant pdroid manager . all these apps allow you to restrict actions an app might want to perform -- without causing the app to crash . most likely all of them feed the apps fake data instead : empty contacts/calendar , no network available , no ( or a fake ) location , randomly generated imei , and the like . you can configure on a per-app base which permissions to restrict . but for sure , root is a must-have for them -- otherwise they would not be able to restrict other apps . privacy settings for all devices without root , this gets a little tricky -- and not at all that perfect : you can disable all sync , use a non-google calendar/contacts app ( with their own databases , not syncing with google or anything else ) , decide to not backup your data to google , etc . if you feel that is not enough , take a look at the article life without google for additional hints . going paranoid , you can also disable wifi and mobile network completely . that is almost like buying a dumb-phone then -- but using apps from other sources ( as explained in the linked article ) , you had still have phone and pda in one device . you had just miss the other " half " of its features . conclusion many of us do not like to give up their privacy , though most do not seem to care . the android system is still better in keeping it than many other systems around ( no bashing , so i will not name any ) . with some precaution , a compromise seems possible to me : stay away from apps violating your privacy too much , and chose wisely what you install and use : )
the apps are usually in some way tied to your contacts . like gmail for example , if they did not read your contacts , you could not get your contacts to show up when you typed in an email address or name . if they did not write , you could not add a new gmail contact . do you have a specific app you are curious about ? you cannot limit permissions of an application ( by default , but there are some 3rd party roms that are testing this functionality )
i am using a nexus 4 with new version of playstore . i can see a " share " button just below the " reviews " section . you can check once again if you have missed it : )
i have a non-branded htc desire and i get ota updates just fine . you will actually get the updates sooner because these updates are provided by htc directly , which operators have to brand for their devices first before making them available . i can not imagine this being any different for the desire hd . you will also have more options for installing updates by hand , as described here for example ( again , this is for desire , not desire hd )
i received ota update to 2.2 in the summer . i have a sim-free htc desire for russian market . i bought in april . i see no obstacles why a sim-free phone would not get an ota update . generally it should be released faster , because it comes from htc . in case of branded phones , update comes from carriers . that may need additional time as carriers include their software into the update .
afaik , android updates are released by the google then the phone 's manufacturer ( e . g . htc ) writes updates for the drivers , and providers ( e . g . t-mobile ) only help with the distributions . so you will at least be able to do manual updates as long as your phone manufacturers released the update . however , this means getting update depends on your phone manufacturers support ( i heard htc is quite good on this ) . if , for example , your manufacturer decided not to support updating of your phone ( e . g . samsung has no plans for updating spica to froyo ) , then you probably will not be able to update using official rom ( although there is almost always a community update to non-official roms ) .
you phone knows what the closest towers are . there is a provider database for each country which tower id is located where on the map . this database might be small enough to be preinstalled by your provider or supplied over the air . how an android phone gets this data i do not know .
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
i have slightly different answers for #3 : the device could be used if you want to use triangulation , but you need to use the carrier if you want to match the cell-id and the localization of the gsm ( or cdma ) tower .
a lot of this is carrier specific and i am not a dev but heres what i could piece together from the interwebs and the trainings i have had in electronic crime investigation : yes but it depends on the specific apps lbs priorities which are set by the dev and can be based on current course accuracy , power levels , predefined priorities . . . yes . the carriers have proprietary wifi base station location dbs . i can not speak to android specifically , but generally this is going to be carrier and network type ( cdma or gsm ) . phones are capable of both but at least a few years ago they did this work on the handset because of the bandwidth constraints of doing it ota .
you can use heimdall . its a cross-platform tool suite used to flash firmware , more or less like odin , but opensource . it has a binary that can be installed in your ubuntu version .
it has not . the status would change if the message went through . now you will have to check you mms settings from Messaging -&gt; menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Multimedia message settings and your mms apn from Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names ( or Settings -&gt; More.. -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names in newer versions ) . after you have corrected these and verified that your carrier/operator has enabled mms on your account , the message should be sent . or you have to long-press it and select Retry .
the android bug report system . search to see if someone has already suggested the feature , then submit your idea using the feature request template .
maybe because you have not removed only the small apps that does not take significant space . go to settings -> apps -> select " all " on apps tab -> click menu and click sort by size . you will see the apps sorted by the size it takes on your phone . check if the top apps in this list are taking most of your space .
go see my answer to that similar question : space problem in samsung galaxy pocket gt-s5300 it solved all my problem . samsung told me to reset my device to factory firmware . i did not want to have to reinstall everything and now i know it will always happen after a while . follow the procedure at that link and you might have to do it once or twice per year to keep it clean but you will not have to reset your device .
i am not aware of a full-blown replacement for titanium backup , but there are solutions for the specific functions you are after : recent versions of link2sd can convert user apps to system apps and vice versa ( available on google play ) . switchme offers a solution for switching among multiple user profiles ( available on google play ) . the free version is limited to two profiles and " no security features " .
go to Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Display Options , click on your google account and make sure the box for " all other contacts " is checked .
when i looked at my contacts online , most were part of a group called " my contacts " . these people could be searched in the contacts app and in the phone dialer . there was another group called " other contacts " . these were only searchable in the phone dialer . i found a " fix " . first , i moved these over to the " my contacts " group on the web , synced my phone , but it did not fix it . so i tried to find where the setting was to display these people in the contacts app . for me ( running a custom rom similar to stock on an htc sensation ) , there was a drop down list at the top of the app that said " phonebook " . when i saw the accounts in there , my gmail account said it had all 2047 contacts . but what i did not realize was : there was a sub-menu . all categories in the sub-menu had checkmarks except the one called " ( ungrouped contacts ) " . when i put a check mark on that group , all the functionality was restored , and the missing contacts and searchability was back in the contacts app .
can it be that you have unchecked certain contacts to be displayed ? go to contacts , press menu , more , display options and verify that you really display the names you want from the options on that screen .
aside from rooting ( temporarily or permanently ) , you can not disable the system apps prior to android 4 . your particular case may have a ray of hope , though . alternate app responding to intent if the navigation app is responding to an intent , you could try to find a different app that responds to the same intent . you had get a pop-up to choose which app to open when the pins short and the phone thinks it has been docked . alternate app that can do nothing ideally , you could find an app that responded to that intent and did nothing as a result . then set that as the default handler . task killer another possible option is to use a task killer ( a rare good usage of such an app ) . there should be some that have the option of killing an app as soon as it starts ; if not , the free app llama can do that , as can other automation apps like tasker . rooting if none of the above work , you may want to root your phone . this will let you uninstall ( or simply freeze ) the navigation app so that it does not open up . fix/replace hardware the last resort , and probably most useful , is , of course , fixing/replacing the hardware .
there are quite many ice ( in case of emergency ) apps on the market ; these apps displays your contact information in your lock screen .
matthew 's comment seems most practical . . . but you can try contact owner ; that displays info for one contact on your lock screen . i use it ; it works fine .
thanks alot . cleaning settings data has helped me instantly . since i am using go launcher and other stuff , i coulnd't find a proper to get to app details of settings . if you have clean master , it is easy . open it . go to app-manager - uninstall - pre-installed apps - cannot unistall [ at the bottom ] - click on " settings " - details . there you go .
i had the same problem where settings would keep on crashing . i just got the snapshot today and it did the same thing . after experimenting i fixed it by going in the app drawer and holding on setting , opening its app info , and clearing data . it now opens and works well . i hope this helps .
the tab 4 uses mhl via the usb port for video-out . if you use an mhl hdmi adapter , it'll provide hdmi video out .
i was having the same problem with my optimus g . if you have a case then you should take it off , then put your headphones in push down until you hear a click .
take it to the shop you bought it and get them to work out what is going wrong . this is not the sort of problem you can easily fix over the internet : you need an expert there to see what is up with the jack . in addition , if it is a common problem , the people at the shop will already have heard about it from other customers . maybe the jack is just too tight and needs some more force , or maybe there is some fluff stuck inside where you can not see .
try external keyboard helper . a non visible soft keyboard ( input method ) intended to be used with hardware bluetooth and usb keyboards . it automatically brings up the input method dialog when bluetooth keyboard connects or disconnects ( on some devices this can also be made to work with usb keyboards ) . it supports a lot of different keylayouts also provides a lot of configuration options .
i guess you have to insert a sim card and try to call because i have x708 tablet .
switch to custom lockscreens . many provide a way to hide status bar . i use widgetlocker lockscreen which supports this feature .
does this do the trick ? Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings &gt; Set home page
i am not sure that it fit exactly your question , but it may be help : open the web browser , and go to http://www.google.com go to the footer an follow the link Settings consider to check yes at the question Allow use of device location? then follow the link at the top right More setting &gt;&gt; finally , set your languages preferences
so i figured out a while back that it is my phones locale that is affecting this but never really thought i could change it . this morning however as i was doing a goolge search for " how to change android locale " i though about trying to search for an app on the market . sure enough there are a few that can . the one that i have gone with is made by inka . custom locale
no , not directly . however , if you use google voice , you can have all your text messages emailed to you , which would allow you to sync them . link to google voice
sms backup + will sync sms messages to your gmail account , you can then sync those to your outlook using google apps sync .
there is a messaging app called touchdown which will sync sms . it is not perfect but i will never go back . you can see more on their website .
check to see if all of those music processes are running . i would assume they all listen to play/pause events while active , maybe verifying that all but one are killed could get a response from just one .
the app media button router is just what you are looking for . the app allows you to choose the media app you wish to control with the bluetooth forward/reverse buttons using voice prompts . the app does not work perfectly with all media apps , but i find that by playing with the settings you can usually overcome problems . but when it works it is magic !
i haven’t had the need for any " hacks " , i use bluetooth file transfer by medieval software available for free from google play store . with this app , i can copy an entire folder or select and copy the desired files . then , just past them into the bluetooth tab and voila , they start transferring to the computer . bluetooth file transfer ( obex ftp and opp ) for android use your smartphone to browse , explore and manage files of any bluetooth ready device , using file transfer profile ( ftp ) and object push profile ( opp ) : you can also receive files and send contacts !
bluetooth file transfer can be good if you want to initiate the transfer from the mobile device . however , since i will not to transfer file to and from pc/mac , i prefer using pc/mac to control which files i want to put/get . it is easier , quicker , and i do not have to fight with small device to properly check/uncheck files . basic settings like ' all files visible via bt ' would be awesome .
it is not currently possible yet with the official cwm ( v6.0.2.3 ) or twrp ( v2.6.3.0 ) : clockworkmod recovery v6.0.2 . x will throw this error . you have to update it to cwm 6.0.4.5 which is not yet available for the galaxy tab 2 , 10.1 ( gt-p5113 ) . the latest version of twrp 2.6.3.0 also has this error . cyanogenmod posted about this issue on google plus with old versions of cwm . however it is possible with an unofficial recovery here is a description of the problem you are encountering with android 4.4 , in short , the previously used set_perms method was deprecated and replaced by set_metadata . unfortunately , most of available recoveries didn’t allow users to flash these packages properly , and this has resulted in the following error message : set_metadata_recursive : some changes failed this means you will have to use a different recovery that supports set_metadata_recursive , one such recovery that worked for me was , philz-non-touch-recovery_6 _ ( advanced-cwm ) . tar . md5 it is based off of cwm base v6.0.4.5 . you can find a conversation about it here . what i did was boot into download mode : shut down the tablet . unplug the usb . hold volume up and power . let go of both after it boots and you see it is in download mode . plug in usb . then you are going to want to untar the archive you have downloaded , tar xvvf ./GT-P5110_PhilZ-NON-Touch-Recovery_6_\(Advanced-CWM\).tar.md5  and , finally flash it into the recovery partition , heimdall flash --RECOVERY recovery.img --no-reboot  now when you boot into recovery mode and you are in philz non touch recovery 6 , you will see the option to flash the cm11 . zip , or adb sideload it , which is what i did . footnotes the gt-p5110 for philz works with the gt-p5113 too ; i have the gt-p5113 and it worked fine . this tutorial will also work just fine with the gt-p5110 ( which i think has a official cwm that does this ) . on this page you can also find the download link for the gt-p5100 .
i do not think rebooting has anything to do with charging pins . taking the phone to someone with lack of understanding was your first mistake . by messing with the pins they probably made it worse and introduced the new problem with charging . if i were you i would have tried a factory reset and then if that did not help flashing a fresh copy of the os . better go with the warranty now , but it may already be to late since someone already messed with the hardware .
if it is within the warranty period , just ask for a new phone . it may be a defective piece . : )
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
it means that the app is checking the play store to see if you have made any in-app purchases that have not yet been activated on that device . it is normal behaviour , you do not need to worry about it .
i have done this on a cheap tablet before , really all there is to it , is to get clockworkmod installed on the device , then flash cyanogenmod 's gapps onto it . . . . . unfortunately i did a little bit of digging , and was not able to come up with much as far as getting clockworkmod installed onto that particular device . . . . there was one point in time where you could just flash the market/play store apk directly onto the device , however these days it requires the full blown framework to run correctly , so you can not just flash the apk separate , but rather you need to flash the whole zip file in recovery .
open the calendar app then select : menu-> more-> settings-> default reminder time and set to none .
the command is mount -o remount,rw /system
casting your android device to chromecast is not officially supported . the cast screen tile shows up in certain conditions but at the moment it is not possible to cast your screen . from the original article : the cast screen tile seems to pop up for users of nexus and newer motorola devices when certain chromecast apps have been used , for example allcast . it is triggering something in android related to an incomplete casting feature – that is all we can say for sure . no one has , to our knowledge , gotten this native screen casting feature to work on a stock device – it just crashes when trying to connect to a chromecast . ( . . . ) presumably google will fix this and expose it to users eventually , but right now all you are seeing is a stub of a future feature . update - at google i/o 2014 they announced that screen mirroring is coming in a future update of google play services . it is expected that this will roll out in the next few weeks .
you are saying that you want to use whatsapp for another phone number of yours ? ? ? it is possible to create one whatsapp account for a single number . you cant combine two whatsapp accounts into one . if you want to create independent accounts for both your phone numbers and use whatsapp for them from your only phone then it is hell of a difficult thing . you have to logout every single time to get into the another account of yours . otherwise you should have two whatsapp apps in your phone that is impossible .
i managed to make the android sync by going to the contacts , exporting to internal memory and then importing back . . . then it started to push contacts to cloud . . . the iphone picked it up by itself . . .
first of all , remember that sync works both ways - if you delete contacts on the phone , it will delete them on google . if this happens , do not despair , as gmail has a nice " way-back " type of restore ; you can restore back to any time . i used this for my wife 's iphone when i set it up . i mainly wanted to post this for the above cya , as i think it is important . i do not remember exactly what settings i had to change to get it working , and she is not around now , so i can not look to see . but knowing about the restore should give you the ability to experiment more . i may have set up the sync to their icloud , or whatever it is called , but i doubt that this really buys anything . i believe that once you get it in sync , so to speak , it will work correctly after that . i think you just need to restore the gmail contacts , and they will then sync to the phone . it may have tried to sync gmail to the phone before instead of the other way around previously . sorry i can not give the exact settings or procedure to use , but i hope it will help .
yes , such internet-based applications normally use background services to stay connected with their servers and use mobile data when wi-fi is not available . but data usage is often very low for such background apps . if you want to stop any data usage of any app when you are not using internet apps , you can disable mobile data temporarily . to do so , go to settings -> wifi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . also , if you are using android 4 ics or newer , you can disable background mobile data usage for some apps . just go to settings and under wireless and networks , click on data usage . then you will see a list of apps that has used your data . select the app you want to restrict and in newer window , scroll to bottom and check option " restrict background data " . then , no background mobile data for that app is allowed .
ps : i have just talked to some of my friends and on their phone i disappeared from their favourites list automatically without manually refreshing . i have just received the following answer from whatsapp 's support team : hi there , thanks for confirming your account to be deleted within the whatsapp settings . your phone number has been deactivated and it is scheduled to be deleted within 30 days . therefore , please have your contacts refresh their favorites list so that you no longer appear as a whatsapp user . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! sad that my friends have to refresh their favourites list manually for me to be deleted . especially when exactly this is described by whatsapp 's faq to be done seemingly automatically when you delete your account : deleting your account will do the following : [ … ] delete you from your friends ' whatsapp favorites lists . [ … ]
the simple answer : you cannot . the expanded answer : you cannot , unless the developer has specified this on their site . you could also email them to ask them . the developer uses the manifest file of their app to specify certain hardware or software version requirements for their app - google play then uses this info so that it does not install an app on an incompatible device . some examples of what they could put are : minimum android version maximum android version hardware requirements gps required you need to have an accelerometer you need to be able to use portrait/landscape mode if the app uses the ndk and it is built for armv7 , you will need an armv7 device .
the simplest answer to your question would be that the developer has excluded your device from the list of supported devices . this could due to the following reasons : your phone might be causing some problems with the app . this can lead to the developer excluding your device . the developer has excluded devices of certain form factors . the developer may be targeting only particular handsets . you might be able to get details of supported devices from the developer 's website .
the theory is that you should not need to know . when the developer publishes an app there is a manifest . xml file that describes the required capabilities . these can be both hardware and firmware related . e.g. you need a minimum android version or you need a specific hardware feature like gps . google play then automatically filters which apps you can see and install based on these requirements . the developer can also impose geographic requirements and potentially carrier requirements as well as disallowing specific devices if they want to . in your case the obvious thing to do is to first check if the developer has a website with any more information . if that is of no help try emailing them the filtering can be tricky and catches developers out . if the developer is at all responsive they should come back to you . it is in their interest to have the app work on as many devices as possible normally , so if there is no good reason for it to be incompatible with your device they should appreciate the opportunity to work out the issue . if there is a valid issue then your question may help prompt them to make the information available on a website or in the description .
as the other answers already state , requirements are stored in the .apk 's Manifest . there are several tools available to help you analyze this file , as e.g. is described at stackoverflow 's question how to view androidmanifest . xml from apk file ? . examples given in the answers include : android-apktool aapt ( as also explained by dianne hackborn ) then there also are . . . manifest explorer axml2xml . pl android xml parser . . . and probably many more .
if you have a nexus 4 , 5 , 7 , or 10 , or some " google play edition " phones , running kitkat , then you can simply cast the whole screen of your device . in the settings app , go to display , then click cast screen . this can cast to any miracast device . this might not work with the particular app you want to use : the app can tell android that its content is " secure " , which will exclude it from being recorded or cast in this way . one of the cwm developers has an app called mirror . this can cast the whole screen to a chromecast device , but it is in beta , so you have to register to download it , and it only works on the nexus 5 . see his announcement on g+ for more information and to register . otherwise , all you can do is contact the developer and ask them to add chromecast support to their app . this would be the best option in any case , as the app could make sure that only the movie stream is sent to the chromecast , rather than the whole screen ( including the notification tray and navigation buttons ) .
a chromecast version of filmon is now available in the play store - it works perfectly !
there is no way i know of to pass on settings to one device or another unless 1 ) they are the same model of phone and 2 ) both phones are rooted . you can back up your current system settings using clockworkmod backup if rooted , then flash that onto the other phone through clockworkmod as well . this will share all your apps you had at the time of the backup . as far as sharing apps , your google account will transfer your apps from phone to phone . just sign in with your google account and re-install from the app store . you do not need root access to do this . for either option , to use most paid apps you need to be signed in to your google account when you use them , otherwise they will not work .
the answer to this question is hideously complex . it requires adb set up on your mobile and pc . cyanogenmod enables adb on the device by default . instructions for setting adb up on the pc can be found here . with the phone connected to the pc , using a command prompt go to the directory containing adb , and start a shell . on my system the command to do this is as follows , but it may be different on yours . cd "\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools" adb shell  you will then get a prompt consisting of a single # if all is well . enter the following command : sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db  the prompt will then change to sqllite&gt;  enter the command select * from secure;  this will produce a list of parameters . the one you are looking for will be something like : 440|lockscreen_gestures_disable_unlock|1  the number on the left hand side is an &lt ; id&gt ; which varies from phone to phone . the next command is then update secure set value=0 where _id=&lt;id&gt;;  so in this example the command would be update secure set value=0 where _id=440;  reboot the phone , and the unlock button will have returned and you will have access to the phone again .
i had an android for a long time before i got my windows phone ( still prefer android ) , and i used an app called network monitor . here 's the link to it : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/tools/network-monitor_biuf.html i had a htc inspire as well , and it worked perfectly .
if you go to Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset there is a Back up my data option which states : back up application data , wi-fi passwords , and other settings to google servers in addition to this on the android os support site it says : a wide variety of your personal data is backed up autonmatically , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the apps you’ve installed on google play , the words you’ve added to the dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of your customized settings . some third-party apps may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an app . if you uncheck this option , your data stops getting backed up , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . as for the security concerns although i assume they must be sending plain-text wifi passwords according to the backup service developer guide they are at least using a secure connection to do it over .
in the future , you can just use your phone like a flash drive when you have it plugged in . you can add it to the internal storage or a micro sd card .
i guess since no one else answered , i will post what i ended up doing as an answer . the solution that worked best for me was isyncr . it is a mac/pc app that acts as a middleman between itunes and your device , so you can sync all your itunes music , playlists , and song data . it was not perfect or free , but it was what worked the best for me .
as pendant to the udev setup you describe in your question , windows needs a special driver . until recently that meant the manufacturer had to provide one matching to the device ; but luckily we now have the universal android usb driver , which should work for most devices . if that does not work for yours , you need to check with huawei for a specific driver .
apparently the catalog has to support it . i never realized that the default catalogs with aldiko did not have a sorting by title as i always use the custom catalog drinkmalk and it does have a " by title/series " alphabetical ordering of books .
one way to prevent this is to create an extra guest profile with help from switchme : get root , install switchme , create an guest profile , protect your profile with an password and enable switchme 's login manager feature . this allows you to recover the tablet by rebooting into your profile and resetting or deleting the guest profile . note that switchme may not work with your rom .
unlocking a phone from network has nothing to do with manufacturer updates . its more of , being able to take a sim card from another network and pop it in . for example , buy a handset from orange , and using a t-mobile sim card in the new orange handset , the t-mobile will not work as the handset is locked into the orange network and thusly refuse any other sim card except orange 's own . by unlocking the orange handset , you can effectively pop in the t-mobile sim card in place and continue using the handset as if it was " bought from t-mobile " instead . a unlock code would be required ( there are plenty of websites that can do this for you for a fee ) , some operators will charge you for the unlock code - again this is dependent on whether you are on contract or pay-as-you-go - check the terms and conditions of that first . for example , from my dealings on modaco 's forum , orange will not give you the unlock code until after a time period of usage on contract , think it was 3 months , again check ! once a unlock code is handed over to you , this is taken from the handset 's imei number and the designated sim card that you wish to use , which a 6 or 8 digit number is generated , that , going by the previous example , a t-mobile sim card gets popped in , the orange 's handset will prompt for the network unlock code , in which the 6 or 8 digit number is entered to unlock it thus freeing the handset from the network . one thing though , this happens with samsung , flashing unofficially using the likes of odin or multiloader , it could mess up the handset , because there is a checking in place to ensure that if the handset is locked , the flashing will fail . kies is one ! now , this was going back about 18 months ago , so i do not know if that applies now . if you are thinking of flashing a custom rom , double check to ensure that the handset can indeed be flashed with the network lock in place .
you can run python with sl4a but matplotlib is a graphical package so you are going to run into trouble there .
logcat displays android 's logs . this is by definition information about things that happened in the past . android 's logs are stored in a ring buffer and if full , the then oldest entries are overwritten . it depends on how much is being logged , when that happens . besides this , the buffer is reset when you restart the phone , so logs cannot be older than the current uptime .
after formatting both ext and int sd card , it is not possible to recover , as the files are spreaded over both locations . nowadays games ' sizes can be in gigs , so developers , instead of consuming internal memory , prefer move the game data to external cards if they are found . we call it app2sd . its availble beyond android 2.2 froyo . so imo the game might be missing its raw file from external sd . btw , which game you are talking about and what was its original apk size ?
in the phone 's settings : communication -> cellular network -> access points ( the actual names/path may vary by language/type , but that should give you an idea ) i switched from wap to internet . the operator was providing it all along , just the phone was defaulting to wap .
besides being an apn issue , as pointed out by aadi , it could also be that your current mobile contract does not allow some type of mobile communication ( like gtalk ) . you should contact your mobile carrier and ask him .
it is an ap issue , call your operator and ask him to send the gprs settings again . once done , choose it and if it does not work , restart phone , it should work .
it could be a misbehaving app keeping the device awake ; i have that about once a month with my motorola milestone 2 . did not figure out how to prevent it , but a reboot always solved it . a proposal how to " catch " it , however : there is an app called drainguard available on the playstore . it watches your battery consumption , and gives an alert as soon as it detects a " sudden drop " . this helps to notice the " power drain " before the "5% alert " makes a noise and switches your phone off -- so you can either start investigating while the process is ongoing ( some time left before " full drain" ) , or simply trigger an immediate reboot to " kick the bad guy out " when in a hurry .
a bad battery could cause this .
if you are using the terminal app on your device then you do not need to use " adb shell " . you just need to run the " am broadcast -a android . intent . action . screen_on " . i do not know why you would want to run that from your terminal app since the screen would already be on . you need to have usb debugging on if you are trying to connect via the console on your pc to your device . you also need to have the drivers installed if you are using a windows machine .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
what i did -- and my problem is an ear that does not work properly rather than an earbud that is been washed too often -- was to shell out for poweramp which has built in balance controls along with its rather elaborate tone controls and equaliser . well worth the money for solving this problem .
yes install some other tts engine like , this or this . and as the market page says , to enable it : 1 . menu > settings > voice input and output > text-to-speech settings 2 . check " espeak tts " . 3 . set your " default engine " to " espeak tts " .
hit the menu button . it should then bring up the day/week/month view options .
i wanted to be able to use adb 's ability to simulate touch input to pair a bluetooth mouse to my phone , but it does not seem like this is going to be possible because i am running 4.2+ which requires rsa fingerprint authentication . . . which none of my computers have permission for . i will order a usb 3-way y cable and use a hack version of usb otg to plug in a physical mouse . i can do this because i can use adb through fastboot to temporarily boot a non-touch cwm recovery , then use adb to push the modified kernel img and flash using the non-touch interface , which should then hopefully boot up . since i am on cm10.2 i already know franco kernel causes soft-brick , so hopefully the modified otg stock kernel does not cause soft-brick . once i have the phone fully booted , it should just be a matter of connecting a power source and pointing device to interface with my device .
your suggested approach would have the same result : a few seconds later , the app would be back . tasker kills it again . start at the beginning . this vicious circle will certainly help you drain your battery faster -- but nothing else . two possible solutions would include either to uninstrall the app , or to disable the " listener " it established to get started on certain events . the latter can be done by e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , this requires the pro version ) : though there are similar solutions available , and i tested some of them , autorun manager seemed to be the best : it is faster than most of the others , and finds more intents than many others . but as the app also warns : if you disable too many ( or the wrong ) listeners , the ( disabled ) app may start misbehaving . to get around that , a new version of this app ( coming soon ) will implement profiles to switch between ( so you could e.g. have one " disabled " profile , and one " enabled" ) , and also allows for the third option below . ( before anybody asks : no , i am not the developer -- i just happened to suggest this feature to him , and he approved it ) . a third option , which will soon be available with autorun manager , already is available with titanium backup pro : freeze the app in question when not needing it , and unfreeze it when you want it . titanium backup even offers to create a widget to switch between both states -- but you need one widget per app .
posted my question too quickly , i just found a way to do a bit the same , when the keyboard is out , a press on back will hide it , this is handy when filling forms with numerous entries , to make the keyboard pop out again simply click in a text field . . . this is enough so far , and a long press on the menu will bring out the search window .
cyanogenmod has tcpdump installed . you can run it from the shell , just make sure you select the correct interface : tcpdump -i tiwlan0 -vv or , you can write the dump to a file on your sdcard , and analyze it with wireshark on your desktop later : tcpdump -i tiwlan0 -w /mnt/sdcard/tcpdump . out there is also software like shark for root , which will capture the packets like tcpdump ( it requires root , but does not require tcpdump , which is available on my cyanogenmod 7.1 , but i am not sure if it is available in all versions of cyanogenmod ) .
try to clean out the /sdcard/Android/data/com.amazon.venezia/cache directory . this is where the apks are stored when initially downloaded , and they should be deleted when the application is installed . seems for some reason , they are not always deleted , so it continued to ask to install it .
open the google app and press the menu button . settings => google now ( click to the left of the toggle ) => scroll down and toggle the weather off
afaik it is very difficult for an app to identify the inserted sd-card . a regular app should be able to handle the case if the sd-card is not available ( ejected or connected as drive to the pc via usb ) but i assume that most apps can not handle the case when you regularly switch between two sd-cards . in general you should not start any apps that use the sd-card while you have inserted the " wrong sd-card " . regarding the apps moved onto sd-card - this is a different topic . as my device does not allow to switch the sd-card while running i have no clue what happens e.g. to the app data in your device if you switch the sd-card .
you can block all 3g usage by going to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and then clciking use only 2g networks to disable 3g usage . there are also lots of widgets available that will allow you toggle between 2g / 3g usage .
if you have a rooted device you can filter which specific apps can access the 3g connection with droidwall .
onavo will let you do this , and it does not require your device to be rooted : " data hog blocking : restrict specific apps to wi-fi , or block your 3g data altogether once you exceed your data cap to avoid any additional costs " note that it is only free for a limited time ( http://www.onavo.com/help ) .
i have updated my phone as well , yesterday , and it is indeed quite slow at times . here are two easy things you can do ; replace your home screen with launcherpro , it is a lot faster if you are rooted , lower your vmheapsize ( 24m seems like a good value ) now these small tweaks are probably going to be insufficient , but at least they are safe . the other thing you can do is to find the original android 2.3 rom for your device , and flash it to your device .
yes , sony made the ics upgrade a horrible experience which does slow down the handset and lag . two choices : downgrade to gingerbread 2.3 . x try switching to custom rom called legacyxperia to use jellybean . the experience is more satisfying and smooth . for that to happen : need adb , fastboot binaries if your bootloader can be unlocked , check sony warning if yes and proceed to do so , you will lose your data you would need to backup your apps ( there is other questions on this site about this topic ! ) download the legacyxperia rom , extract boot.img from zip , flash it to bootloader reboot and toggle volume keys to get into clockworkmod recovery choose wipe data/cache choose install from adb sideload , cwm will wait , adb sideload name_of_zip_file , cwm will start loading and installing the rom . reboot and enjoy jellybean .
okay i have found a third party app that lets me copy everything from google drive in one easy step - astro file manager - it is a free app on play store , works brilliantly for this as you can select everything in the drive and simply copy it over to your sd card . this app will also work with dropbox and other cloud services .
as far as i know ( not from us/ca ) the p999 is a t-mobile g2x device with vanilla android , whereas p990 is lg optimus 2x . the specs are mostly similar but there are certain differences , such as the os customization . maybe a custom rom will bring the functionality to the g2x as well .
do you have avg anti-virus installed on your device ? if yes he might be the guy not letting through these short number messages
check under settings > sound , there will be an option of vibrate on notification turn that off may be this is the possible solution .
i solved this by installing opera classic 12.1 . single-clicking the " download " link prompted me to open the file via google music or via opera . selecting opera started the file downloading via opera 's built-in download manager . quite a fail for chrome : (
i tried to download the link using chrome for android several times , but it always disappears . like i have been telling myself before , android for chrome is not mature enough and lacking in ( so many ) features . i would suggest installing a 3rd-party browser like dolphin or boat , which are both highly-customizable . i downloaded the mp3 file successfully using boat ( which is my main browser ) , and it appears in my download folder .
the issue is that there is only wpa_supplicant version 1.0 available in debian wheezy . for support of wifi direct you need wpa_supplicant version 1.1 or higher . you can download and compile the latest wpa_supplicant on your own . this way you make sure wpa_cli is available and wifi direct is supported .
it is possible that the method of rooting used by superoneclick has been blocked on the tipo dual . i have not seen the phone on any of the compatability lists for superoneclick . there are other methods you can use , and for the tipo dual i quickly found unlockroot and a guide on how to root from xda-developers . use at your own risk .
yes , it matters . the pins on a micro-usb connector are inside , and they are only on one side of the connector , so you can not get power or data through the connection if it is upside-down . if you got a reaction , it was probably just from the outside of the plug , which is connected to ground . if you are pushing it in hard enough to do that , you are probably damaging the socket , so try to avoid doing that in future .
yes , it matters . it will not charge if the pins are not aligned properly .
while it sounds strange that there should be no keyboard present , and as trivial as it might sound : simply installing an alternative keyboard from the playstore should fix that . take e.g. hacker 's keyboard , which is a very flexible one , and well rated ( i am using it myself on my tablets ) . simply install it , and its settings should turn up at the place you have described . optionally , add the dictionaries for the languages you like to have them ( see the keyboard 's playstore page , some are directly linked to the app ) . do it from a pc/laptop as you currently have no keyboard available on your device , it might be difficult/impossible to use the playstore app on the device itself to install the above . you can still install it : on your laptop/pc , open a web browser and go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard log in with the credentials of the google account you use on your device click the " install " button , accept the permissions for the app ( they are ok ) the keyboard will be pushed to your device once the installation has finished ( you can see this in your device 's notification area ) , you can go to the described place ( settings → language and input → keyboards and input methods ) and make the new keyboard the default input method . with that final step , you problem should be solved . no google-account configured on the device ? in this case , installation via the web interface cannot work either , as the app-to-be-installed cannot be pushed to the device . still , there is something you can do : on your pc/laptop : visit the hacker 's keyboard project 's download page and download the .apk file to your computer if you do not have any file manager on your android device : you will need the android sdk installed , or at least a " mini variant " ( the adb/adb.exe binary and , on windows , its helper .dll files -- check the adb tag and its wiki for details , and see qtadb for a simple , user-friendly variant working on windows , mac and linux ) when on windows : make sure you have the drivers for your android device installed on your android-device : enable unknown-sources to activate side-loading ( settings&rarr ; security : check " unknown sources" ) if you do not have a file-manager app on your android device : enable adb debugging ( settings&rarr ; development : check usb-debugging ) connect your android device with your pc/laptop via usb cable to install your .apk . . . if you have a file-manager app on your android device : simply copy the .apk to your device as you usually copy files there use your file-manager app to navigate to the .apk " tapp " the .apk file 's entry . after asking your confirmation , the app will be installed . skip all below -- you are done . if you do not have a file-manager app on your device : use pm install via the adb command-line to install the .apk on your android device ( see xda-developers for more details on this -- usually it should be adb pm install /path/to/download/*.apk , replace the /path/to/download part with the full directory name of where you saved the .apk to ) .
i had the same problem now i finally worked it out basically you need to go to widget on your phone and look for yahoo news . then drag yahoo news to your screen and the problem will be solved .
it is not the golauncher or the firmware . i am currently using a samsung mesmerized from us cellular and mine also does it . i have been looking for a solution also but found nothing . some sites said wipe your screen , that does not work . then others say there is not a solution . best option i see as of now : when it does that press the back button once , wait a second , then press the power key . and no offense to matthew 's post , but on the galaxy mesmerized the back key and the power key take screen shots , not the home key like on most htc 's . sorry i could not help -- i would like to solve it , too , it is very annoying .
when you hold the home key and tap power , it takes a screenshot . unfortunately sometimes lag causes the home press to be delayed/extended , so if you press it and let go before hitting power it will still happen sometimes . the original sgs suffers from this issue as well , though it uses home+back . i would try the same workaround i propose in my answer to that question : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
hold your home button and your power button at the same time . then hit the power button then it will lock it . it works just fine .
i got a nexus s a couple of months ago . first thing i did was to root it an switch to cyanogenmod . since then , it is all been a nightmare , but i can not really tell if it would have been better if i sticked to the stock rom . thing it the phone will not make it till 9pm . the battery use shows " android os " generally taking over 50% of my battery , way more than what the display uses ( which in most phones is reasonably the main source of battery drainage ) . my veredict is negative . a nexus should be part of the most slick android saga out there . it get 's the cutting edge updates right from google and the community care about it as well . users should not be having to worry about battery issues and which are the workarounds for this . sadly , i have decided to sell this phone and go back to my beloved nexus one , which from my point of view , does deserve its place in the nexus breed .
i do not think it is unreasonable to charge a smartphone every night if you are actively using it throughout the day . some games/apps can be quite taxing on the cpu and actually generate some heat . that 3g radio you have probably has a long journey to the signal tower too . i find that if i use my phone just a as phone - with the odd text message /phone call i could probably last over 2 days , but that is no fun : ) if you are having issues be sure to check the battery usage in settings > about phone . if for some reason you are unable to charge it is possible to stretch out the battery life loads by turning off background data/brightness/switching to 2g etc .
20 hours is not at all shabby for an advanced smartphone . charging over night us just the habit you must get into . before coming to android i had a nokia n95 and i was lucky if that made it through the day !
google has released an app called google opinion rewards . with this , users can get a couple cents at a time , which allows them to " purchase " these books now .
no you cannot read them with out providing your credit card details . you have to provide them or use google wallet .
simply , no you cannot . a sad fact really , as many youngsters want to read through their phone and this limits many to do so .
looks like it depends on the book . from google play support : downloading free music , tv shows , and certain free books and magazines is still considered a transaction , even when the price of the item is $0.00 . if you do not have a credit card associated to your google wallet account or if you do not have not set up a google wallet account , you will be prompted to add a new payment method upon when downloading certain content from google play .
it seems that it used to be possible to register with a generated card number . you can get those for example here : http://www.darkcoding.net/credit-card-numbers/ see how to get google music without credit card for free music . unfortunately i am not able to register a generated card number any more . it seems that google started to perform additional checks of the numbers .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
while i am not nearly as well up as you , i have not seen any replies and this might be of interest - if not to you then to others looking for info on prestigios . i have a prestigio pap 4500 duo which bricked itself spontaneously on new year 's eve , sleeping the sleep of death . it is under guarantee so all i was looking for was a possible reboot mechanism . i happened upon this menu which seems to offer lots more than you described . now i could not navigate the menu , but that may be because of a fault , but the menu is there to be accessed . thanks for your info and hope this adds a little , mjf ( click in the image for larger picture )
try going under apps in the settings . find the touchwiz launcher in the list . there should be an option to clear defaults . this should fix your problem . if the problem persists , try reinstalling nova .
neither of the vendor ids you have added to the udev rules file correspond to a device listed by lsusb . other sources on the net suggest that the correct device id is SYSFS{idVendor}=="1d6b", SYSFS{idProduct}="0104" , but this device does not appear in your lsusb output either . run lsusb with the device unplugged and plugged in to find which device is the right one , and edit your udev rules appropriately . to confirm : you do not want to connect to the serial debugging port to get adb to work .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
ota upgrade has been stopped due to several sw issues . a modified upgrade is expected within weeks , be patient . ( i do have the upgrade , but not installed as i have read about the problems . . . now i am refusing it every day : (
if you go to the asus web site , there are downloads available ( choose android as your os . i got confused thinking that windows was the right choice for the upgrade , they mean windows for the drivers , and android for the firmware ) . download the right localized build . i am in the us , so mine was the us build . copy it to an microsd card in a directory asus\update\patchfile . zip then when you pop the card in , the tablet should notify you that there is an update available .
as pt says , the update will be made in india , but the movies etc , wont be available in india . its only the name and the icon of the market/play app which will change . . maybe sometime in the future we will get the other services . . .
the " market " to " play " renaming is just a re-branding of the store . it will not change any of the underlying availability or features . you will have to ask google ( good luck ! ) about if/when additional feature will be made available in india . so there is nothing to be gained by " upgrading " , other than satisfying the google marketing department . here are some details from the google play faq :
use the hard menu key on your device to get the tool bar back .
i guess the reason why you do not want the toolbar to scroll with the webpage is because you do not want to scroll up when you want to type a new address . i do not use dolphin so i can not tell by first-hand experience , but according to this , you can double tap anywhere on the page to show the toolbar so you do not need to scroll up to type addresses .
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
i also had this problem . i thought something was wrong . as soon as i inserted the headphone jack the sound got cut off and there was no sound coming thru the headphones . i tried pressing the volume button and found that it was turned all the way down by default . now there is no problem
i developed an app that fixes this exact problem . it was called " wired headset routing fix " , but now has more functionality and is named soundabout .
i own an og droid and a droid bionic and both phones eventually had similar audio jack problems . on one phone i found the issue to be a wad of dust crammed in the jack which i had to fish out with a [ enter your choice of small pointy tool ] . it could be a result of the internal contact points being pushed back from repeated tension . this would weaken the contact with the audio cable . in your particular case i do not think this is true however . other things you can try : pull the audio cable in and out several times wiggling it and testing it . ( ideally you had want to test it with something that plays audio continuously so you do not have to keep hitting play ) getting a different and potentially better quality audio cable to test with . you can also try resetting to factory default which may help if the problem is software related . ( as long as you have a google account synced with your phone , all your apps will be automatically re-downloaded ) if all else fails , take it back to the phone manufacturer or your phone service provider . they should be able to fix it for a reasonable price . there is the option of trying to fix it yourself but that is not recommended if you are uncomfortable working with small/delicate electronics , not to mention voiding your warranty .
google voice needs to be able to save data such as contact details , ongoing conversations , etc . , somewhere and in the case of conversations delete them later - i suspect that this is where the " modify and delete data from sd card " comes in .
problem i have been recently using my beats tour with my htc one . it was working fine and then it stopped working . first i thought either my phone had a problem or the earphones . i thought of claiming my warranty but , before that i did following tests : plugged different earphones in my htc one from apple , samsung and htc . all worked fine . plugged my beats earphone with iphone , ipod and my computer . it was working fine too . analysis then i compared the connector of beats earphone with others . i noticed a potential design flaw with both beats connector and htc one : beats earphone connector radius is slightly smaller than normal earphone connectors . htc one internal connector was pushed in more when plugging and unplugging earphone . ( i do not exactly know words to explain this but , this usually happens with electronics when using cheap materials ) . solution as i am sure both htc and beats will not be accepting these facts . i recommend you to buy a short extender . i connected my extender to my htc one and beats earphone and it worked like expected . i am not sure if we lose quality when using a cheaper extender .
i would try to flash the device to stock rom first . this should install the updated drivers . latest version of sgs2 official rom is 4.1.2 . http://xperiahtcrootingrom.com/stock-rom-for-galaxy-s2-i9100-official-firmware-variants/
i have had the exact same problem . cyanogenmod sgs2 , baseband i9100xxke7 , checksum 163ecafa01912637fe344ec1f8264d70 . the only difference is i am with optus in australia . after extensive research , the solution i found was simply a matter of identifying an appropriate modem+ril ( radio interface layer ) to install . i am still looking for an appropriate one for me , although i9100xxls9 has stopped the dropouts , it will not let me make calls . unfortunately it seems the best modem+ril combo is very dependent on your carrier+phone combo . i found a discussion about various rils to use for sgs2 in new zealand . you may find what you are looking for there . i have seen people discussing i9100jjls2 , i9100xxls8 and i9100pbvlp7 as good modems . if you look at your other question ( how to manually replace ones ril ) you will see it is pretty quick and easy to flip around between different rils when you know what you are doing . give them a try and see how you go .
one of the comments with 9 likes in the video says : Settings &gt; More settings &gt; Under file/data\ufeff transfer, turn off NFC
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
you can not upgrade form 10.1.3 to 10.2 directly . you must flash it manually from recovery and you also have to wipe data .
several sources state that no wipe is needed while updating cm 10.1 to 10.2: you can also do this manually ( which is required if you flash additional things like kernels ) , by downloading the update to your sdcard ( from http://get.cm ) and rebooting into recovery to flash the update ( and any additional zips - although , if you have the gapps installed from http://goo.im/gapps , there is no need to reflash those ) . contrary to popular belief , there is no need to wipe anything when you update cm . this includes your cache partition , your dalvik cache , and your battery stats . while wiping these won’t hurt anything , you can increase the time it takes to boot up cm after you install the update . android is smart enough to manage both your cache and dalvik cache without you intervening . i faced no issues after following this advice .
you should follow these steps : download the relevant zip file from get . cm copy the downloaded zip file to your devices storage card using an app such as titanium backup , do a complete backup of all your installed applications . boot into recovery , and follow these steps : wipe data ( all data ) install the zip file as usual once done , reboot device . using the backup app , restore your apps . reboot device . you will now be running the latest version . the data wipe is highly recommended , but your device should still work without it - you must wipe the dalvik cache at the very least however , or you will get a boot loop . important note if you use google apps ( gapps ) then you must make sure you download the version for cm 10.2 . if you do not , you may experience compatibility errors .
take a look at the link i provided , this should rectify your problem . it will explain in great detail how to to wipe the battery stats in recovery , there are 6 methods shown . since your are rooted this will do the operation properly . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1821870 wipe the battery deletes the file " batterystats . bin " which is established among / data / system / . . . . this file contains all the information " vital " and essential for your battery such as charging the maximum and minimum voltage , the charging time and other info . . . this file after it was deleted by this procedure , will be recreated by the system properly .
you have to calibrate your battery . go to play store and install battery calibration from nèma . then follow in app instructions to calibrate your battery . . . . : )
sms backup + reports to work on android 1.5 and above and it backs up mms . it pushes everything to your gmail account under a defined label . i have been using it for a while and it is very good .
you could also combine this with some anti-theft solution . e.g. wheres my droid reacts on " attention words " you set up , and e.g. sends the current location ( also by sms ) , or turns on the alarm on another " attention word " . with your wife knowing ( some of ) those " attention words " , she can get to know where you are ( or rather where your device is ) -- while at the same time you have some added value . look for " anti-theft " on the playstore to find more like this , if it sounds useful to you .
it sounds like google latitude does what you want . once you opt-in you can then share your location data with your wife , and she should be able to check your location anytime . as far as i know , once you choose share your location data with someone they can retrieve it anytime without having to explicitly request your permission . latitude is built into the google maps application for android . you can enable it by going into the application 's settings and checking " enable location sharing " , then use the setting right below it ( "manage your friends" ) to choose who can see your location data .
most applications should not disable itself , but that depends on the individual applications .
this will be my way of checking the 3g connectivity issues . might work for you too . first try to reset the apn . follow the steps here if you do not know how . restart your phone . if it did not work , try forcing the phone to 3g . in your dialer , enter *#*#3646#*#* -> phone information -> select wcdma only in the drop down menu . this should make your phone work only in 3g . try testing your speeds via speedtest for bandwidth . if both steps did not solve your problem , try using a different sim in which 3g is working . if this solves your problem , replace the sim from customer care . even now your problem is not solved , try factory reset your phone . warning : this will reset everything in your phone including pictures , take a backup of your phone before proceeding further . if none of the above solves your problem , take it to your htc customer care to check them for hardware defect .
the clue lies with the comment above but i just tried ' adb reboot bootloader ' , and it worked . which shows that adb is indeed recognizing the usb connection , but not in fast-boot mode which is where this answer comes in . . . sounds like the udev rule for the fast-boot is absent ! do this : lsusb with the cable plugged in while the handset is in fast-boot mode . typical output should be one similar to this : bus 001 device 012: id 18d1:d00d google inc .  ^^^^ ^^^^  the numbers identifier 18d1:d00d corresponds to idvendor : idproduct respectively . make note of it , and check your udev rules found in /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android-rules . ( mileage will vary slightly with differing linux distributions ! ) if you do not have this file , then its recommended to create one using root , there may be a few rules that need to be added depending on the mode of the handset , i.e. normal , recovery and boot-loader modes . here 's an example of mine , that has differing values respectively when handset is in one of these modes . take this as a template and change the numbers as shown that matches up with idvendor and idproduct respectively to suit your make/model of handset . the user id is added to the androiddev group , which was created on previous occasion , in that way i do not have to sudo at all ! to create a group , using root groupadd androiddev , this creates a group , then to add your linux 's user id to that group . . . usermod -a -G androiddev your_user_id ; replace your_user_id with your own user id used for logging in ) . then when in fast-boot mode , the fastboot binary should work ( bonus ! without the necessitating for sudo either ! )
i would use the app titanium backup . 1 . install titanium backup on the first user profile 2 . make a backup of the app or apps from the first user . 3 . install titanium backup on the second user profile 4 . restore data only to the second user profile that should do the trick . for instructions on how to use titanium backup look here : http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-user-guide.html#backup
if you prefer to use a desktop client , go to google latitude and hit the gear icon to go into " history settings " . there you can disable keeping of your location history . to delete past data , you will need to go to history management , where there is an option to " delete all history " . ( there is a link from the " history settings " page . ) note : they say : your history will not be visible publicly or to your latitude friends .
open google maps on android and select latitude to disable latitude . :- )
disable location caching on android- these devices are provided with an opt-in feature for tracking one’s location . this option may or may not enabled and one can decide it when one’s phone is being set up for use . if one wants to disable the tracking then go to settings menu> > > location and security> > > uncheck use wireless networks . with this , google would not be in a position to either collect the information about one’s location or it stores the same in the phone but the app of maps helps it to grab the info but it cannot be rendered accurate . however if one wants to erase all the previously stored cached locations then rooting of the device must be done ( that means one can run more apps like backup , tethering , a flash custom’s rom etc . , ) after installing the free ‘cache location app‘ , one can get a view of a map filled with tracked locations , clear them finally by disabling the cache with one tap .
some questions , and hopefully some answers : so you are currently rooted , running one of the earlier leaks of froyo for the droid ? you are willing to switch to a mod cm6 ? or do you want to go back to plain vanilla stock without root ? if you are currently rooted and willing to try out a mod like cm6 , then go to the market and downlaod rom manager . make a nandroid backup of your phone before you do anything . then download and install cm6 via " download rom " -> cyanogenmod . you want 6.0 , not the rc version . when you download and install it , make sure you include google apps and wipe your data and cache . if you are wanting to go back to plain vanilla stock , be noted that apps like easyroot ( one click root access ) will not work for the latest version of froyo for the droid . you will have to downgrade to 2.1 to get root access back if you go this route . with that said , if you are rooted , go get rom manager . under download rom are " stock images " . one of those options is 2.2 frg01b with the option of root/unrooted . this should put you on the right path of plain vanilla stock . hope this helps , let me know if i misunderstood you and i will try to clarify .
i use my led for camera shots and also for lights and i have been doing so for almost every day or so and i have had my phone ( mytouch slide ) for about 3 months now . nothing has happened to it . i think if you are an avid user , you should just take care of it externally .
leds do have a long lifespan ( 35k-50k hrs depending on the type of led ) but the issue is heat . the leds are intended to be used as a flash ( ultra short duration ) and probably do not have very robust heat managment systems if they have any at all . each phone is going to be different . i would say that using it as a flashlight for a couple minutes tops is fine , but beyond that you run the risk of overheating which , depending on the type of led and where it is positioned in the phone in relation to other hardware could damage the led and possibly other components .
there is a really good thread of discussion about this on androidforums here . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . if you need to use it longer , go get a real flash light . : )
when you connect your phone to your computer , you get a pop-up showing a green android with one hand being a usb . there , click on mount sd card or an option similar to that . you should be able to use the sd card as a flash drive .
it is inside the jpg and you may extract it with a app that can be found at http://www.accalio.com/sgs4-audio-extractor.307.0.html hope it helps
yes , it seems there is a way to find out about the last factory reset -- provided it was followed by a google account initialization : go to the google dashboard , login with your google account . scroll to the section labeled " android " and expand it ( by clicking its title / the lgm [ little green man ] ) check for the device in question associated , you will find a date of registry . that does not reflect the first time a device was added , but the last time the google account was activated on the device . so if you activate your google account following a factory-reset , this field is updated and thus reflects this point-in-time .
from the home screen , press the phone 's Menu button . here , there is usually a button for Wallpaper ( it will be the top right button on the menu ) , where you should be able to pick your wallpaper ( this applies to your background and lockscreen ) .
i saw the cyanogenmod an KitKat tags on the question , so i suppose you own a rooted device with android 4.4 . in general there are good number of apps on the play store which are able to change the dns for mobile connections of pre android 4.4 devices and one ( which i wrote ) which changes the dns on android 4.4 devices . if you need the raw commands , here they are ( need root ) : my answer to a similar question is here and contains references to my app .
wi-fi adapter = wi-fi connection adapting capability of tablet . using it , you can connect with an existing wi-fi hotspot ( which broadcasts the network ) . wi-fi hotspot = wi-fi connection broadcasting capability of tablet . using it , you can create a portable virtual hotspot similar to wi-fi routers which other devices can connect to . unfortunately , when hotspot is turned on , wi-fi adapter is turned off . so , the device can not be used as wi-fi repeater . what're the uses of wi-fi hotspot in tablet ? share mobile internet connection if your tablet has gsm , wcdma , lte etc capabilities . share mobile broadband gained by usb dongle attached with the tablet . share files and folders . share other networking services to enjoy multiplayer gaming etc .
lets break down the 2 features here , with the wi-fi connection option , ' your device ' can connect to the internet using someone else wi-fi ( that is straight forward enough ) . however the wi-fi hotspot option will let other devices use your internet connection through wi-fi . now let us take 3 examples to clarify the difference : you are connected to the internet using your phone 's cellular data ( gprs/edge/3g etc ) . ion this case you are not using your wi-fi connection option , but you can still share your internet connection through wi-fi hotspot . keep in mind anyone connecting to your hotspot is now using your phone 's internet connection , so they are actually increasing your phone bill . you are not connected to the internet at all . in this scenario , the wi-fi hotspot ( if turned on ) will still be visible , and people will still be able to connect , however they will not be able to access the internet as your phone is not . think of it like an outage from your isp , your home 's router is working but the internet connection is not . in this case your are connected through wi-fi , and are also using your wi-fi hotspot . this works like a chain , your phone is connected to something ( probably a router ) which is connected to the internet , other phones can now connect to your phone and in return be connected in-directly to the router . this unfortunately is not possible in android device as pointed out by @sachin . so basically currently wi-fi can be used either to let your device use someone else 's connection or let others use your device 's connection .
this setting should be found in Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Flash alerts . it is primarily used to notify people who are hard of hearing about calls and messages . source : sprint 's lg g3 user guide
download faster fix . simple enough , right ! ? =d this helped me a lot on my htc sensation after flashing a different european rom . i think it also helps if you set the language to your region , even if english is english . it seems to me like i do not even need this app when i set the language to us english instead of uk english ; that could just be superstition , though .
do not forget that having wifi on is a major assist to android figuring out where it is , even when it does not actually connect to an access point , although this may not be so helpful if you are not near any wifi access points . also , consider for your next phone one that has a barometer ( such as the galaxy nexus ) , as the barometer helps significantly with gps acquisition by partially eliminating an axis .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
ok , i think this is how you do it . open google search from the app drawer . tap on menu and then settings , then tap google now - you should be able to toggle it on from there .
you must be running at least android 4.1 to use google now - please ensure this is true . if you are running at least android 4.1 , then ensure you have the latest google voice search update from the google play store - be aware that it is listed twice ( at least on my old device ) .
have you checked that you are running the latest version of google search ? the easiest way to update is to visit the google play store page for google search and check to see if it will allow you to install or update the app . ok , so i found how to turn on google now on my gn2 . if you have the google search widget , it is as simple as hitting the settings button ( left light-up one ) while inputting a query for the search widget . this brings up a menu , hit settings then you can turn on google now . i accidentally opted out when in early setup , and now i am curious .
the language setting was my key problem - after changing the os language from croatian to english ( u . s . ) , google now is miraculously ready to go ! watch the video how to get google now talking to you . . . for an instructional guide on changing your system language .
unfortunately , yes . for now , that is how google has created the maps application ; you cannot use maps ( or navigation ) without internet access . there are other apps that exist , though , that allow you to download maps for use offline . sygic and navfree , for example , both allow you to store maps on your device and then only require a gps fix to give you turn-by-turn directions . note you still need internet ( wifi or data network ) to download the maps the first time , but after that , you are free to shut data off .
internet access is needed for the routing calculation at the beginning . navigation using a precached area will work offline .
since the op 's question was dated back in mid-summer of 2012 , things have changed a bit with maps and has been updated since . in agreement with other answerer 's who have pointed out you can download the maps for offline usage , no calculation is needed , if using maps , what i found actually surprised me , the gps navigation still works even if off-line and not using any 3g/wifi either ! with the maps , hit menu , tap on make available offline , then you can pan and zoom in on the location of the map , to increase the size of the map for offline usage , it may be required to zoom out if you want a big area of maps coverage . then the download will happen ( wifi needed preferably as depending on the size of the offline map , it will take a while - not your conventional nippy download speed ) furthermore , if browsing on desktop pc , hit up on maps on the google site , and select your starting point and ending point as destination , if planning a journey , and save that as " my places " . with the maps app , it can sync up with " my places " and pull it down and be used with the off-line map ! that surprised me the gps navigation will actually show where you are and the route to take . caveat emptor : be sure to have plenty of battery juice as the gps is working 100% on it simply enable gps , all data switched off , and as its oft said - let 's hit the road jack and . . . profit ! \o/
used rainbowcontacts app for android to connect to blackberry via bluetooth and import contacts .
i had same issues with this transfer also . i had problems on transferring my notes to the android platform . i have literally hundreds of notes and a lot of task items . i could not figure out how to transfer them . then i found this little app that makes it much easier . it uses my blackberry backup file to transfer even my sms texts from the blackberry to android . oh ! the name of the app 2can look it up on google play . sweet .
transferring blackberry contacts to android galaxy note 2 turn on bluetooth for both devices pair both devices to each other go to blackberry 's bluetooth setup , and select the android phone- for me it is sgh-t889 renamed galaxy note 2 . press the enter key or trackpad , and the device menu will pop up . select " transfer contacts " your android device will popup a request to accept a file named phonebook . vcf ' . choose accept your android will now accept your complete contact list ! your welcome ! now if your in la buy me a chocolate puddinf cake and a coke . my name is paul .
i had a b9700 , too . and i know many apps do not support b9700 bold . but i found one called netqin contacts sync , and it did a wonderful job ! it did just what it advertised to do , done the task in seconds . netqin sync is available for blackberries , android phones and iphones , so moving contacts from one of the three to another is no problem for netqin . and , it is completely free ! you can check out the procedures here : http://be-tasty-azur.blogspot.tw/2012/11/how-to-move-contacts-to-android-iphone.html
after going through some useless posts all over the internet , i came across one app in bb app world - quick contact transfer . this works great . you may need to shell out few rupees to buy it though .
there are a bunch of apps available on the market . some examples include . . . bt controller : " bt controller allows you to use your android device as a gamepad controller for any other android device . " ( well , you already saw this ) bluetooth remote pc : " bluetooth remote pc is an app which allow you to remotely control your pc . get access to the computer and use your favourite programs from distance . you can control mouse , keyboard , multimedia , presentation or power system commands . " pc remote controller ( does not use bluetooth , but rather wifi ) bluecontrol looks like exactly matching your request : " blue control is a basic universal remote control for blue-tooth enabled serial devices such as blue tooth modules connected to a micro-controller . for each button pressed the corresponding ascii code for the label will be sent . for example pressing buttons a-h will send the charactes " a " - " h " . the up , down , left , right , and center buttons will send " u " , " d " , " l " , " r " , and " c " characters . hopefully this will inspire people to create alot of fun blue-tooth controlled devices . " a lot more remote-control apps can be found e.g. in this listing at androidpit ( google translated ) ( original link ) . though descriptions are in german , the general groupings and items should be recognizable ; )
there are questions on stackoverflow and serverfault regarding the same topic but for regular linux . some of them may apply , however they are not production ready and definitely need adjustment for android .
njoy is a very good app as well , it uses wifi but you can just use your own hotspot if you are not using wifi atm and turn off data if you do not want extra charges .
you have not mentioned which types of games you need this for but there are several possible options : gmote 2.0 , which is a client/server type system which would let you use your android tablet to control your computer . remotedroid , which is similar to gmote , it also uses a client/server system . gremotepro may be the right choice for you as it is but you need to pay for the server software . it is specifically advertised as being for game control .
yes you can with wand player , it is described as " a console right in your phone that lets you play games on any screen " . http://www.wanderplayer.com/ you can even email the developers with any questions you may have
you can try androg controller .
did you try aio remote ? it supports controlling pc , another android device . supports windows , linux , mac supports wifi , bluetooth supports custom remote design and share remotes with all users around the world . what do you need more than that ?
you can also try gestureworks gameplay . it is a fully-fledged utility for creating controller overlays on touchscreens , but they also have an android app that is free with the utility - it can use keyboard controls or xinput and is customizable so you can make whatever kind of gamepad you like .
the gps should eventually work without wifi , the further you are in distance and time from the last gps sync , the longer the startup time will be . perhaps in slovenia and croatia you used it enough that the startup time was reasonable . ( wifi access can shortcut the process by giving the gps a hint as to your probably location ) . i would suggest putting the tablet somewhere stationary with a clear view of the sky and giving it a good while to sync , it will probably eventually sync up .
welcome to ae , please ask your questions after searching through the internet . root rooting wont brick your device unless you did in a wrong away , keep the battery full ( greater than 75 ) install appropriate drivers make sure you use offical usb driver follow the procedure . kingo root as per documentation kingo android root has already rooted more than 100,000 devices，and we never met a bricking situation . refer this link .
google now , you can disable in the settings of the " search " app .
i am not exactly sure what you mean by ' marked as spam ' since i can not see this option in either the facebook app or the facebook messenger app . i am assuming you mean you turned off notifications for her messages since you mention you want to get them back . i will explain how to turn them back on . facebook messenger open up the conversation with person press the ' i ' in the circle in the top right click on Notications and set to ' on ' . facebook app go to your messages and open up the conversation with the person . click on the gear icon in the top right in the Settings tab make sure ' alerts on ' is selected .
before doing factory reset , you can backup your phone settings to the cloud by going to Settings > Backup &amp; reset and checking the box that says backup my data . once done , you can reset your phone , and when you set it up again with your gmail id it was backed up with , the settings and apps , everything will be restored ( wifi aps as well ) .
once bought , always yours . new device , factory-reset , does not matter -- as long as your account stays the same . paid apps are bound to the google-account you have purchased them with . to give some proof : i use several apps i bought once on 3 devices simultaneously . i never was asked to pay again when installing them on the next device . provided i used the same account , of course .
try auto memory manager and set your minfree values on the secondary server lower so it has lower chances killing off services . you can also increase the oom priority of the service to 0 ( lower values means less chance of being killed ) , also part of app .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
16 gb is not " that big " . all devices released within the past 2 years ( which includes your device ) at least support cards up to 32 gb . but every now and then , some incompatibilities are reported : a certain device does not like cards from a certain brand ( i never remember the combinations causing trouble ) . it might well be you have hit one of those . if you have some other card available , try that . if you either wanted to buy a new one , check the brand you are currently using , and buy some other . good idea is to e.g. buy a 32 gb at amazon ( or some other place known to accept returns ) , so if it does not work out ( and also seems to be " incompatible" ) , you can return it .
under the Account Sync action in llama , you can Enable Account Sync then Request Update . it is possible that the play store will update when this is called , but i have not tried it so could not tell you for sure . worth a shot though .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
its not only your device 's issue , but also in most of the devices . android 4.2 has this issue . and google officially confirmed it . look above link "We have fixed the a2dp streaming stutter problem on N7. The next release should have the fix.Sorry about the problem." android 4.2.2 fixed bluetooth audio problems on nexus phones and tablets . you just try it out by using new 4.2.2 in your n7 .
start by reading : xda developers > . [ help ] changing around mountpoints for sdcard and extsdcard ? excerpt : some previous samsung devices had no external storage at all but still mapped the biggest flash partition to /mnt/sdcard . the galaxy tab 2 7.0 has a micro sd card slot on it ( one of the reasons i bought the thing ! ) , but i guess for compatibility they still mount an internal flash storage partition to /sdcard . the actual micro sd card gets mounted to freaking /mnt/extsdcard . first you need to find out where it is being mounted ( on galaxy s ) , and whether the command you are using is for internal flash or the microsd card . .
in my case ( kde4 on a debian squeeze ) it worked easily after setting the device as msc . it was directly automounted by kde . to do this just go to : settings -> xperia -> connectivity -> usb connection mode as i have spanish language in my android i suppose the translation will be something like that . it also worked in the same computer on a windowsxp inside virtualbox .
for ubuntu you may need to edit the usb subsystem config files in order to recognize your device 's sd card . luckily this is super easy : ) i have also answered this question before , if you want to check that thread . your ubuntu system 's udev config should be edited as so : doublecheck that the vendor id for your neo is 054c using sudo lsusb ; you should see a line something like Bus 002 Device 010: ID 054c:0c02 SonyEricson using your favourite editor as root edit ( or create ) "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="054c", MODE="0666" make sure the perms are right for the file you just edited : sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules restart the usb subsystem : sudo restart udev connect your phone and see if your sd card shows up now
you could always unmount your sd card ( if it is removable , like my htc magic allows for ) and plug it into an sd card reader . or you could root and run cyanogenmod - cm 's mass storage mode works great in my gnome2 install of ubuntu , do not see why kde would make it any different .
did you mount the drives from the phone ? once you are connected , you have to open the notification bar , tap on the " usb connected " notification and press the button to mount the drives . this should make them visible on your desktop . after you are done , unmount them from the desktop first , then unmount them from the phone , and then disconnect the cable .
this issue is caused by the fact that the android chrome browser does not understand utf-8 encoding . i was utf-8 encoding the file names since the desktop version of chrome requires this . it turns out that file names do not need to be utf-8 encoded for non-ascii characters for the android chrome browser . i was able to successfully download a file using android chrome with korean characters in it without encoding it with utf-8 .
it is possible there may be a problem with the site itself , or the browser . what you can do is to rename the . bin file to the expected filename . e.g. if you downloaded music . mp3 and the browser renamed it to anotherfilename . bin , just rename it to music . mp3 using a file manager . you could also try other browsers . give dolphin , boat browser , or opera a try and see if you still encounter the same problem .
try doing a hard reboot ( power off the phone and power it back on ) . i had this problem just two minutes ago and that seemed to resolve it . cheers !
sync contacts to your gmail should be your best choice , it is very easy and does not cost you money . if you have not done that , you will need some third-party program to transfer your contacts to galaxy .
method 1 . the base way is to sync your contacts to your gmail account from your sony ericsson w810i if that is possible . then sync that account to your galaxy and your contacts will be copied ota easily . method 2 . sync all your contacts from your sony ericsson to outlook . then export those contacts from outlook to a csv file . once you have your contacts in csv file you can import that csv file to your gmail account and then sync that gmail account to your galaxy s 2 and you are done .
have you had specific problems with this ? many roms will work fine when updating from one version to another . for example , the instructions on cyanogenmod 's forums ( taking the evo as an example ) say : upgrading from earlier version of cyanogenmod 7 ? perform a nandroid backup of your current rom . flash cyanogenmod ( your google apps will be backed up and restored automatically ) . specifically they are referring to a case such as upgrading from say 7.0 to 7.1 . the nand backup is just in the event that you want to roll back or something goes wrong , but in reality you could even consider that optional ( though highly encouraged ) . again taking cm as an example , you usually only need to wipe your phone if you are going from one major version to another . a good example would be if you are going from an android 2.2-based rom to an android-2.3 based rom . this is because there are some significant changes under the hood to android , and is not really related to the specific rom itself in most cases . the exception to this is typically carrier ota updates since they specifically tailor them to play nice with the previous versions ( end users would not want to wipe their phone for every ota , obviously ) . edit : just to clarify , what i mean by the above is that cm will not wipe your /data partition ( or /cache , i believe ) on its own , as described here . it will also backup google apps and reinstall them to /system during the update . you can wipe /data manually from your recovery or rom manager , but you certainly do not have to . i have read , though , that using rom manager to flash an update will automatically wipe /data . there may be a setting for this or this may not be exactly true - i am not sure because i do not install my roms this way ( i boot into recovery and do it manually ) .
i saw a professional in china unlocking htc handsets via jtag . a side effect with the unlock was the s-on . the simlock is stored in the radio nvram , is not changeable , but they did the unlock by flashing a patched hboot with s-on and that will report a different simlock status ( my unlocked phone still says simlock in fastboot mode - another proof of that is that the fastboot mode now contains a chinese url )
the sim lock stuff is in a separate rom chip that is not part of the normal phone storage , afaik . it is manufacturer/device dependent . definitely nothing to do with the baseband ( and you can certainly flash other basebands ) .
if your phone is rooted , try installing one of the " mass storage enabler " apps from the play store .
somewhat depends on what your work email server looks like , but i have a gmail account , two hotmail accounts , and an ms exchange account on my droid and there is an option within each accounts settings to turn on/off " email notifications " and to choose which ringtone is used for that notification . so , by that token , you could have your gmail emails sound off with the default notification and have your work email play any crazy sound you like . does that help or am i misunderstanding your question ?
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
try a different app ? k9-mail is pretty good .
try powering down the device . turn it all the way off , not just reset . this will ensure power cycling the nic . when you power it off , make sure it is off for at least 30 seconds .
the youtube video refers to an xda page as shown below : that xda page gives further details about the cm9 rom , gapps and instructions . your lg p690 's hardware seems to be a close match to my lg p500 . so , if you are not satisfied with the rom mentioned , you can give a shot with lgp500 's rom - the chances of getting it working in your p690 is good . please search this site for details on knowing from where to download rom for p500 .
the phone should automatically remember all previous connected wi-fi networks . please verify these steps : when you disconnect from the network and it is not within reach will it remain in the networks list ? when you connect to the network and tap the network is there a button that says " forget network " or alike ?
no . this listener has nothing to do with " listening " in the sound sense : it is listening for intent broadcasts , which are a kind of signal that different software components in the device use to notify each other of important events . for more explanation about broadcasts , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? if you want to solve the problem of not being able to record audio , i recommend you post a new question with full details about what steps you took , what happened , and how long this has been happening , along with what phone and os version you have . without any further details , my first guess would be that if the audio recorder app you are using stopped unexpectedly , it failed to properly release the mic for use by other apps . in this case restarting the device would fix the problem .
so yeah aes 128 , that is a big number right ? one problem , the key used to encrypt the drive is the same as the key you use to unlock your phone , which is tiny . it would take a grand total of 5 minutes to perform an offline brute force against this tiny keyspace . wispercore has a modified android version with more reasonable security measures .
the current encryption scheme is outlined on the android website 's " notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0" page . from that page , the specific algorithm used is noted as such : the actual encryption used for the filesystem for first release is 128 aes with cbc and essiv:sha256 that is the only official documentation i have seen for it at this point , but it is fairly lengthy and informative .
just switching the default install location does not free up storage . if you follow up to the insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you will find the explanation : first thing you should check when encountering this problem is how much internal storage is left on your device ( space on sdcards , internal or external , is completely irrelevant to this problem ) . as a general thumb rule , you need at least 25 mb free so regardless where apps are to be installed : google play first needs to download them , and stores them in /data/local before installing them . this is in internal storage , hence it will check there for " sufficient space " . for things to do , again the insufficient-memory tag-wiki is a good starting point , and should be sufficient to solve your issue ( basically , you need to free up some space , e.g. by moving some apps to sd or deleting some you no longer need ) . if that still did not solve the issue , please indicate ( and update your question to note what you tried , what the outcome was , and where you are stuck ) .
i think what you are looking for is a full-blown 3g usb dongle , not just a sim card adapter . see , for example : can i receive/send sms of cell phone number with a tablet using dongle ? a sim card adapter would simply be a device that can read the contents of the sim card and possibly edit it . so it is pretty much like an sd card reader . to send and receive text messages and voice calls , you still need a transmitter , which is what a usb 3g dongle will provide ( if your tablet does not have built-in 3g support ) . however , i am not sure if you can use a 3g dongle to make voice calls , although sms is pretty much a standard feature for such devices .
i have a 10.1 in tablet with a sim card . tablets lack the hardware to make cellular calls - those with cellular sim cards can only use it to access the internet . you might use a service like skype but i am not that familiar with those types of services .
keep clicking on the Next button as if you are agreeing . then you can choose ' no , maybe later` to opt out of google-now . when you perform a normal search under your previous searches/ suggested searches there is a link to " get google now " again ! you can click the big x beside it and it will not come back . however , some updates and reinstalling the search app may cause this to recur again , but the steps above will get rid of it .
yes , with firefox mobile . the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com can be installed directly in firefox mobile . if the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com do not cut it , shortmarks . com lets you make your own search plugins to save on your firefox install . this guide might help .
there are a number of apps that will either give you a wikipedia search widget on the home screen , or add wikipedia as an option to the built-in search widget 's drop-down selection . have a look at a few of these : https://market.android.com/search?q=wikipedia+search
if you install eclipse with the android sdk there is a perspective called ddms that includes a file explorer . you can easily copy files from/to the device with this tool , which uses adb push/pull in background . another way is to simply unmount the sd card from the phone and use it as a mass storage . but in this mode you can access only the sd card and the debug mode must be disabled which can be annoying if you need the device to stay in debug mode for development .
you can get such an interface with emacs tramp and tramp-adb . el .
there is qtadb which uses adb . you can also install an ssh or ftp server on the phone and then use nautilus with ssh://ip-or-name-of-your-phone/ or ftp://ip-or-name-of-your-phone/ urls ( you can create bookmarks in nautilus ) . the cool thing about a standard ssh or ftp server on your phone is that you do not have to install anything special on the computer . i use quicksshd on the phone , but there are also other ssh servers available ( search the market , please ) . ftp servers i know are swiftp and ftpserver . i did not test these with nautilus yet , but they should work .
you are running sense that comes with these " extra " " sense like experience " apps . you are right , you cannot remove them by normal means . if you go to manage applications and select each htc app ( peep , facebook for htc sense ) you will not be given the option to uninstall them or delete them . if you do root your phone , you will be able to uninstall them via either adb or flashing some zips . you will not be able to just uninstall them the normal way once rooted . removing peep can possibly disrupt some htc widgets but you can still access twitter via the twitter app or other apps such as plume , tweetdeck etc . same thing for facebook/facebook for htc sense . friend stream is another htc app that integrates other social apps . users report different compatibility issues between friend stream and versions of the social apps . it does allow login with any version of facebook/twitter/flickr .
make sure to disable the auto-restore under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Automatic restore before installing a different rom .
on most roms ( if not all ) there is a checkbox after logging in to your google account in the initial setup wizard which allows you to enable backup/restore for the device . if you deselect this checkbox , your apps will not be automatically installed .
after you flash a new rom , you are usually asked to log-in to your google account . if i remember correctly , one of the ( wizard ) steps has a checkbox that will ask if you want to sync your account , or re-install the apps that you installed previously . is it possible that you missed this step and just moved to the Next screen ?
about the lagging : please update your software to the latest supported by samsung . after updating my samsung galaxy s to version 2.2.1 , my phone was much , much and i do mean much smoother than before .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
the lag issues are caused by samsung 's modifications to the offical android release , nothing to do with android itself or the capabilities of the phone . for reference , i have owned an sgs for 9 months now and have got it to the point of being basically perfect . the hardware capabilities of this phone are amazing . however , the default sgs software is without a doubt terrible . the above answer is very good at addressing your specific concerns , but my advice is to do away with the standard samsung rom and replace it with darky 's rom which has all of the above answers already implemented , as well as a host of other speed and usability improvements , including integrating a large part of the gingerbread ui which is very nice . version 9.5 would be my recommendation , which is based on the official froyo release and is proven to be very stable . i recommend you erase all caches and apps off your phone and start afresh - it helps avoid some minor niggles you can have with apps that were installed on a previous version . full and clear instructions are available in the forum section of the linked page . with this rom , i have no fcs and no lag at all , but some of the problems you mention ( eg - flac compatibility may fit into this category ) are app specific and can only be fixed with updated applications . bear in mind that the official gingerbread update should be released by samsung in the coming weeks , but based on their previous efforts im still likely to stick with the derived darky 's rom 10 . x when it comes out of beta .
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
just because google released a new version of android does not mean that samsung ( or any other manufacturer ) has implemented it for any or all of their devices or that your carrier has made it available ota . samsung does not appear to have made any announcement regarding if or when the stellar may receive an update to jb 4.2 . you may also wish to keep an eye on when will my device get the android 4.2 update ( jelly bean ) ?
easytether lite works for me . i have used it on an xp machine as well as a mac . i love that it is cross-platform . shares your phone internet connection with computer/laptop/notebook ( windows 7/vista/xp 64-bit/32-bit , mac os x 10.4/10.5/10.6 , ubuntu 10.4+ ) . easytether works via usb . does not need root access . there is also easytether full . full app allows https - access to secure sites such as facebook , gmail , online banking etc . full app allows you to tether ps3 , xbox 360 , wii via your pc - enable internet connection sharing on your computer for that .
pdanet : http://www.junefabrics.com/android/mac.php
is the app on the play store ? if yes , it should push out an update without user intervention provided the setting to ' auto-update apps ' is set , depending on preference of either wifi or using mobile data . see below :
your device is currently in either : ( non-samsung ) fastboot mode or . . . ( samsung ) download mode . in this case , because you are not actively transferring files , you should be able to safely reboot it .
an adition to yrajabi 's anwser : in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks ) sleep might change this if wifi is set to sleep when screen is off - wifi turns off and data comes back on ( unless data is force-disabled as per yrajabi ) . to keep wifi on during sleep be sure to set : settings> wireless and networks> wi-fi settings> menu button> advanced> wifi sleep policy to never .
in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks )
most of my background is with iphone , and there are certain launch daemons that run when the phone starts up . sounds like this is the case here too . dennis from this post says the only thing i know of , like i point out , requires rooting the phone and voiding the warranty . go to /etc/rcx . d and remove the associated file with the executable . ( this , of course , assumes that the filesystem follows the same hierarchy as every other linux distro i have run . ) hope this helps ! thomas
before rooting your phone , a not-so-easy operation , you should have a try to disable the auto launch when the phone restart .
this goes with another post i made about a slightly different issue . background apps usually just respond to events . events they care about , which is usually nothing for these sprint apps . they take up ram . however unlike a desktop , when android wants ram it will remove anything in the " background " that it wants ( older first ) to free up space . \ the only exception to ram freeing up is when it sends notifications ( a permanent icon in the notification bar . . . like a downloading icon from the market while the item is downloading ) . so do not worry so much about it . these bloatware apps do not harm your android unless they do anything because batter is a big concern . careful with facebook/twitter as they ping the service every few seconds , you can disable the " pinging " by just disabling the behavior , they will not do anything then . even the messenger app might get removed from memory , when the system does a background synch it wakes up , loads , runs , and goes back to inactive .
this does not answer the question , but you could root your phone and disable the autostart with autostarts , or just remove them with titanium backup
those apps come with the phone and can not be turned off or removed unless you root . blame your carrier . there is really nothing you can do about it non-rooted . i feel your pain .
if it is an mp3 file , then you can use mp3 cutter . it is free on the play store . if you need one for a different file format , let me know and i will find you a solution that supports that audio format .
you can use an app like wavepad audio editing app . it is said to have the ability to work with multiple audio files . if you do not mind adverts , there is a free version for this software as well .
black/transparent , power off red , phone is trying to find a signal yellow , signal strength 0 ( min ) dirty yellow , signal strength 1 even more dirty yellow , signal strength 2 somewhat yellowish gray , signal strength 3 green , signal strength 4 ( max )
for easier reference : source : xda
i assume that you mean on the graph you get if you go to settings -> about phone -> battery use and tap the graph at the top ? i have a signal strength line there , under the battery level graph that has many colours in it that is labelled " phone signal " on my device . ( full size ) the reason it is there is that your signal strength can have a big effect on your battery life . if you have a good , strong signal from a nearby phone mast then your phone will run it is antenna in a low-power mode , whereas when it has a bad , weak signal it will turn up its transmitter into a full-power mode to help ensure that your communication gets out . as an extreme example i know that if i forget to switch my phone into airplane mode before putting it in the metal lockers at my sports centre , then i often come back to only a quarter or less of battery charge left . i can not find an official reference for what the colours mean , the feature was introduced in gingerbread but the official gingerbread manual barely mentions the graph and that screen beyond telling you that it exists ( p . 48 of the 2.3.4 manual linked ) , from personal experience i know that red is a bad/no signal , but other than green being a good signal , i do not know the significance of the other colours . some internet forum posters suggest these meanings for the signal strength graph , which seems to match up with what i see : red = no data signal ( or possibly no signal at all ) grey = no or minimal ( 2g/edge ) data connection olive green = 3g/4g connection with light data usage bright green = 3g/4g heavy data usage ( streaming media , etc ) yellow = no consensus on what this means , but it only seems to show up as a very narrow sliver , and generally only when the connection seems to be changing state ( eg from data network to wifi ) this seems to agree with what i see on my phone , that while wifi is on and connected to an access point ( so any data should be going through wifi and not the phone network ) i only have grey , olive or red in the signal strength , whilst when wifi is off i get the greens in addition . there is also the indicator in the android status bar that is normally green , but changes to yellow and then red when it is extremely low , the main battery usage graph follows these three colours with what looks like the same thresholds , but that one does not sound like what is confusing you .
i would not want to call motoblur or htc sense just " skins " -- they are not a suite of visual enhancements , but an entire app suite that sits on top of the os . they are full-fledged graphical user interfaces with additional custom apps , virtual keyboards , widgets , etc . so , as to the benefits ? i like sense - its my major ui on the incredible , but i have also used my wife 's aria . the sense ui is cleaner and smoother ( hardware speeds aside ) . the custom widgets are smoothly integrated and have more features . other than the htc mail and messaging apps having a possible memory leak issue [ i replaced their use with k9 and gmail , and handcent ] , i have been pleased with sense . a smooth , consistent user experience with the interface can make using it better . it is not the be-all end-all -- despite the recent ms winmo7 commercials -- but it is nice .
" vanilla " android devices ( like the n1 ) usually mean that you wait less time to get updates for the phone ( as it'll come straight from google ) . this is because it takes additional time for manufacturers to add in their tweaks and uis on top of the newer version of android . the second fastest to vanilla stock would be a custom rom like cyanogenmod which takes the changes that google pushes out into the android source and incorporates them into the mod to get the latest version of android on as many phones as possible .
i use teamviewer and love it . before teamviewer i used several of the pocket vnc versions you can find for android . some of those version have grayscale options . the drawback is you will have to forward a port on your router to get vnc to go through . the other option you may look at is if the program or programs you are looking to control have a web api you can hit rather then the whole pc . below are some links for the other programs to control your pc via android . edit : thought about it a little more and remembered you can use logmein hamachi and vnc . set up the logmein hamachi client on the pc you want to connect to , then you can vnc into the virtual ip the hamachi client provides . this will enable you to use the advanced display setting in some of the vnc clients . hamachi android remotes more remotes some more
for a simple and free app to schedule changes ring tone/mode based on time of day and day of the week i recommend soundmanager . another free app that does this is profile changer . i have looked at it but have not actually used it . for full featured automation including time based , location based , app based . . . i would go with bryan 's recommendation of tasker .
check out locale ( more expensive , but easier to use ) or tasker ( less expensive , more complicated to use/more configurable ) .
too bad you can not ; the network specs are ; 2g : gsm 900 , gsm 1800 , that does not mean it has something to do with the software used or os , its network adapter can only support 2g network . that said , it does not mean you should not try some apps . here are some you can give a shot at ; 2g/3g , network conversion , network change . . . some may work and others may not . you could also get a 3g modem to work this out for you . some applications will show you that the network is changed to 3g , i would not buy that though . get some ways of testing your network speed after installing an app just to make sure . let me know when it works . glad to help .
according to the specs you linked , this tablet does not support 3g mobile networks , only gsm . to enable the mobile network features , you need to buy a 3g usb dongle and connect it to the tablet .
for ics and later : settings lock screen screen security owner info , here is where a note is entered this part is a bit confusing as there is no save etc , so just enter something , and back out , you will not lose what you typed , keep backing out until back on home screen . next time screen lock kicks in or press power button to lock it , a note will appear . but having said that , if the phone is lost , whoever will pick it up will more than likely ignore it !
try to trigger it manually . root reqired : install betterbatterystats to view ' alarms ' , aka programmed low level device wakeups ( you can find a free . apk on xda here , search for ' attached ' http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1179809 ) . set your clock just before midnight and reset bbs ' logs . if you can trigger it , you should see which app has caused a wakeup in bbs ' log .
some tablets support usb hubs . source
typically yes , you can use a usb hub to connect multiple devices without any issues . whether or not these peripherals perform adequately may depend on the amount of power that they require , but that is common to un-powered usb hubs in any situation . google 's android support pages actually mention usb hubs . e.g. the nexus s support page on keyboards and other devices specifically states : to connect more than one usb device at a time , use a powered usb hub to reduce the drain on your phone’s battery .
hint : just try the combination with the other volume button if you enter the wrong mode ( that is what i do because i cannot remember the button trick either and do trial and error every other time i need this . launch your software , prepare the ftf for flashing and only then do the following to enter flash mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume down button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn green just for the record , to enter fastboot mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume up button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn blue if i mixed something up , please correct me .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
in the htc dream ( g1 ) the umts radio ( 3g ) is a separate board from the rest of the phone . while this is a desire z and i have not had the opportunity to take one apart , it is probably very similar . the 3g/4g daughterboard ( or if it is connected , antenna ) could have failed , cracked , disconnected or sustained damage in some other way . software will not fix it . you have damaged hardware .
enter su first . > su > ls /data make sure your device is rooted .
see if your friend created a backup of your phone - that is a suggested step in lots of root instructions , and it is possible he did this so you can just re-add the missing application . assuming this was not done though , you may want to just start over . the following webpage has information on using odin ( samsung service application ) to restore the original software to your phone . it looks like it covers all the regional variants , you will need to read carefully to find the applicable software and process for your region . if you provide more regional information , i will see if i can find more precise steps . https://galaxy551.wordpress.com/2012/01/08/the-stock-rom-and-odin-thread/ update : i do not speak the language and the google translate is very sloppy - so i may be misunderstanding this thread . hopefully you speak the language . for a brazilian phone , this forum thread has steps for installing a rooted stock 2.3.4 update ( sounds like a prerelease leak of an official rom , which are common to samsung devices ) and reply #8 in the thread also gives steps for installing the 2.2 version that you have installed right now . update #2: since i started replying , that forum stopped responding . hopefully just a temporary glitch , but just in case , here 's another page i found that includes links to download the brazilian software .
if you are using the sprint version of the s3 , see if sprint connections optimizer is turned on under settings > more settings > mobile networks . make sure it is turned off , as it can cause wi-fi to be a little funky sometimes .
after installing new rom did you setup the apn for your network ? if the custom rom does not have the settings for your network your mms wont ' work . for sms it needs correct message center number which in most cases is automatically provided by network .
it looks like the phone can no longer connect to the sd card . since this survives a reboot , it is most likely a hardware failure . if your phone is rooted , adb shell su dmesg should contain messages that confirm this . the “external storage” in a galaxy nexus is actually some non-removable flash storage . i do not think you can replace it ( but i could be wrong ) . it is possible that the filesystem is merely corrupted , in which case reformatting would work . you need to have a rooted device for that , and to install some additional tools from a linux distribution .
i would guess there is a setting issue in the apn check your setting in apn with you phone company
most bluetooth speakers ( not all ) have a 3.5mm jack for the sole purpose of audio out , not audio in . because of this , audio can not be sent to the bluetooth speaker via auxiliary cable to be played , because the speaker 's sole purpose is to output audio over a bluetooth connection or through headphones in the speaker 's 3.5mm jack . my suggestion is to gain access to a device with bluetooth and connect to the speaker to play music . once this is done , connect headphones to the 3.5mm jack in the speaker and see if the sound is played through the headphones , as opposed to sound coming directly from the speaker . if sound does play through the headphones , then you have found your solution .
android stores its fonts at /system/fonts/ using ttf ( truetype ) format . if you have a program that can edit ttf files ( e . g . fontforge ) , you can replace the number fonts in these . ttf files with your preferred number fonts to change the glyph used for numbers globally . if you are rooted , you should be able to replace these font files with your own modified version . note that i have never tried this , note as well that some applications ' layout may rely on the system fonts being of a particular size or shape , and this modifications may break the layout in those applications .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
your demands are too much for one app or phone to fulfill , but there is this feature in almost every android phone ( which i have used ) they turn their brightness to minimum before going to sleep . so if your screen timeout is set to 1min , they will go to minimum brightness ( dim display ) for a few seconds before and then turn off the screen . i think this is exactly what you are asking for , very dim display saves the battery and you can tap the display to bring it back to the set brightness . so it should be already there in your phone , if not then you are going to have a hard time finding a solution for that . [ i use nexus 5 and it has this feature , and before that xperia s , that too had this dim the display before going to sleep feature ] . hope this helped .
well , i would say there is not any app available over the market which can help you in keeping the device display on while your are reading the book . but i would say you can find this feature over the samsung smartphone particularly in s4 , it has the feature named smart stay . i would say if that is too much important for you and as you stated above you do not what to change settings , then why do not you try purchasing a s3 , s4 , s5 .
if what you want is to keep the screen on while a certain app is running in foreground , there are several apps around which can help you out . i personally use tasker for this ( ever since i bought the app years ago ) successfully with a recipe that rawly reads : condition : app ( select the apps concerned ) task : display timeout ( set higher , or disable it completely ) done . while my default timeout is something like 1 minute , whenever e.g. i read my rss feeds it kicks in only after 5 minutes – which is perfectly fine , as if i did not touch the screen within that time i am not really reading ; ) if you do not feel like buying tasker for 5 bucks ( it is definitely worth the price : just follow the tag link to see what other uses it might have . sometimes it feels like every second question here can be answered with " tasker ! " ) , there are plenty of apps specialized on this , usually having " keep screen " in their names .
some options : try hitting menu -> refresh in gmail , there should be a notification prompting you to re-enter the password . if it is in the notification bar , pull it down and click it . clear the cache and data for all google apps on your phone : gmail , gmail storage , google framework services , talk , accounts , play store , etc . via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . if your phone lets you , go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and remove and re-add the account .
if you use google apps for business and your services were part of the big migration fiasco then you might have found yourself in the same situation i was in . after changing my google account password i somehow had a google apps account with my new password , and an old personal account with the same username , but old password . if you can log into gmail using your old password , but are then prompted to rename your personal account or migrate services then this has probably happened to you . i would already migrated stuff previously , but i had not renamed my old account . i thought it would have died by now . i logged into my old account using current user name and old password . when prompted to rename my old account i did so . the next time my phone tried to log in the username old password combo was no longer hooked up to an old account and it asked me to enter a new password .
i basically do all my file transfers ( copy paste fashion like you mentioned ) using ftp client like filezilla on my pc and an app called software data cable for my android device . that way i can see all the contents of my phone like how they would appear when viewed through the file manager on the phone . hence this makes the destination for storing and accessing content much simpler . and the plus point is that you do not need any cables . an active internet connection is required tho . hope this helps .
brian - i had this problem too . the folders you can are the sd card 's folders . you just have to make sure your tablet is not plugged into the usb in order to also view the sd card 's folders on your tablet . otherwise your tablet will say that the sd card is empty .
first make sure usb debugging is turned off in your phone settings . also make sure you have all the latest drivers on your computer . when you do this your phone should show up in your windows " computer " folder ( or my computer in xp ) . you can tell if you have an sd card by going to applications--> settings and their should be an option labeled " sd card and phone storage " . if you click on this option it will bring you to a new menu where you can mount and unmount your sd card .
most android file managers and dialogs start you off in the sd card ; if for some reason yours is not , it is located at /sdcard . this is also the directory that is mounted when you hook up your phone to windows via usb . just to make sure here , you are not trying to access the pdfs while the phone is still mounted in windows ? you will not be able to , if that is the case . if you want to look around more on your phone to find out where the pdfs are , you need to use a file manager on your phone . most phones come with one preinstalled , simply called " files " in the app drawer . usually they open directly to the sd card directory ( which is /sdcard in the root file structure ) . if you do not have a file browser already installed , try es file explorer from the market , it is quite good and has boatloads of features . it also starts off browsing in the sdcard by default , and if you have root you can explore the entire file system , not just /sdcard . it also has a " search " function which may help you find your pdf files by filename .
install adobe reader from the market . once the app and it will autmatically scan your sd card and list all the files in the sd card . its a free app too mounting android to windows using usb
a developer has to call su within the application . once it calls that , and the user has granted permission to use su , then they run commands in the shell that has root permissions . in a way , system apps have " special " permissions but not root like an app would get by calling su . they have the permissions that android grants system applications .
once upon a time , there is a walled city with a large , closed gate bound by magical lock that can only be opened with a magical sword . according to the cityfolk 's traditions , anyone who brings the magic sword and unlocked the magical gate is destined to be the lord of the city . one day , a young hero comes to the city , bringing with him the magical sword he took from the root of the yggdrasil tree . he tapped the sword lightly on the door , and immediately the magical gate unlocked itself and peered open . the cityfolks cheered , and as per their tradition , they anointed the young hero as the city 's lord . as a city lord , there are many tasks he had to do , one of which is to ensure the security of his people , especially now that the gate is open and bandits and thieves may attempt to enter the city and rob the cityfolks ' of their belongings . to ensure the peaceful days of the cityfolks , the wise lord hired a trusted su manager to guard the gate ; dutifully , the su manager enters the city , and he closed the gate behind him , and he put a lock that only he can open , then he creates a big door knob for strangers to knock the gate , a small hole on the door where he can peek outside and look at the strangers , then asks the city 's lord whether or not to allow strangers in . in eternity , the wise lord ruled the city for a long time and the cityfolks lives happily ever after .
which actual files delegate permissions ? there is typically a " superuser " application that is included in rooting processes . this application is the gatekeeper/controller of which applications get root access . any time an application asks for root access , this application will pop up and ask you to either approve or deny the request . are all system apps given root permissions at startup ? as far as i know , everything must go through the " superuser " app .
i have been hunting for an answer for this myself , and information has been really elusive . but between other answers and questions here , and reading the superuser blog , i think i have been able to piece together how it works . in a standard *nix system , su checks if the user is authorized to become root ( on some systems , everyone is ; on others , they have to be a member of group wheel or something ) , prompts for the root password , and then grants root access . on a rooted android , what seems to be happening is that superuser comes with a custom version of su that figures out what app invoked it , then checks the superuser access database for whether or not that app is permitted to become root . if it is , then it makes the jump to root . if not , it spawns the authorization ui .
to update the ring tone directory , the media scanner has to run . usually restarting the phone will do this , but if media scanner is not checking that directory when the device starts you can try to create a file in the sdcard ringtone directory with an app that triggers media scanner . i think astro file manager will trigger it . if that does not work , you could try clearing the cache ( i assume root since you are using root explorer and deleting system ringtones ) , the system may be caching that information and thinks they are still there .
after doing some more research , i found a thread with a lot of users having the same exact problem : their solution is to use either headset blocker or disable autoplay apps . this seems to have sort of worked . just make sure that taskkiller is not disable either of these . i am still experimenting on how to fix this issue . . . edit1 : i still see the same issue even though both suggested apps are running . i believe the taskkiller app may be causing this issue . i am going to try disable it and seeing if this gets anywhere . edit2 : still no luck . i am going to try rooting my phone and installing the autostarts app
when your phone is in hotspot mode , it will only use your mobile data . you will need to remember to switch the hotspot off when you have wifi available . you might be able to script the shutting down of the hotspot with tasker or locale , but i am not sure if the " wifi near " function would work when in hotspot mode ( a good topic for its own question ) . your nexus 7 will tend to connect to the strongest signal available , and then stay connected to that network until it loses the connection . when you turn off the hotspot on your nexus 4 , the tablet should auto-connect to an available wifi network .
that is done easiest using adb ( see the adb tag-wiki for details on what adb is and how to get/install it on your machine ) . as you do not state the os you are using on your desktop , i write how it could be done on linux ( which i work with ) ; should be easily adaptable to other platforms : put all your downloaded .apk files into a single folder connect your android device , and make sure it is recognized ( adb devices should list a connected device ) open a terminal/command prompt , and change to the directory where your .apk files reside run for file in *.apk; do adb install $file; done watch all the apps getting installed , without requiring any further interaction : )
yes , it has a magnetic sensor / digital compass .
what you are experiencing is probably the " sudden death " issue experienced by several users . you could try updating your firmware to the latest firmware released by samsung or flash a custom rom to fix the issue .
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
this sounds like you are using pop3 to access your email . this does not sync read status back to the server . can you configure your email using imap ? take a look here and use these settings
also if your email subdivides your inbox into new and old mail , the phone reads both as inbox and will load everything in both folders as new mail to the phone . easiest thing to do is to create an alternate folder for those old mails you want to save and moving them in there . that way they will be removed from the inbox .
go in the email settings and remove the limit settings , just let them all load instead . i have done this and it works so far i do not get notifications for my older emails . joe
i have just published an app for automatic photo upload to google drive with lots of convenient options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mynextandroid.drivephotosync it is free so give it a try ! brs
i use sweet home ! free app to upload photo 's and video 's from my android devices over wifi at home to my nas google drive folder . ( this is fast 300mbit/s ) . then the google drive tool on my nas ( which has windows os ) uploads the pictures and videos to google drive to be able to share and have an extra cloud backup . google+ app comes in to easy watch and browse through the pictures . so i do not use the upload function in google+ , because i can not find an easy way to sync the photos localy after that and uploading right from the mobile device to internet is always slower than locally to the nas . florisz
use dropbox . its app has " camera upload " functionality . and you get free space for uploading photos .
i was seeking an answer for about 2 hours , finally i found the correct answer on google picasa sync with google+
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
alternatively , you could use adb reboot recovery . if you do not have fastboot , this will be the only option . once you have rebooted into recovery , there will be four options : reboot system now apply update from sdcard wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition press the - Volume Button twice and then press the power button . then go down seven times , since all the other options are ' no ' . if done right , your data should be wiped . if you want , wipe the cache partition too . then go up and reboot the system .
you can obtain the adb and fastboot utilities as part of the android software development kit ( or separately from third parties , but watch out for trojan binaries ) . if you install the sdk , you will need to install the platform tools and ( if using windows ) the usb driver for windows . once you have them , from whatever source , this is what you will do : reboot the phone to the bootloader ( fastboot ) : adb reboot bootloader  adb may not work if the phone has not previously been placed in usb debugging mode . in this case , boot the phone to fastboot mode by first powering it off , then powering it on by holding all three of the power , volume up and volume down keys at the same time for two seconds , then releasing all three keys , then touching volume down twice , then volume up once . check to see if the phone is in fastboot mode . if it does not show anything , wait a few seconds and try again : fastboot devices  wipe the user data/cache : fastboot -w 
usually no - however , it is my opinion that this is a rather vague question that can not be accurately answered without knowing the app developer 's policy or whether the app is locked to a particular region .
finally found a way to connect to internet on my xperia mini pro android mobile . go to settings ==> wireless and network settings ==> mobile networks ==> network mode its going to open another window with title as preferred network mode . now try to select wcdma only option . wait for 10 sec . we can see the network is getting reset and try to find the 3g signal . now open the same pop up again and select gsm ( edge or 2g ) connection . now again networking related stuff gets reset again . this is how i force my mobile to connect to internet .
you can use nova launcher . in nova settings , Desktop &gt; Lock Desktop .
it would seem as the only solution is to install adw launcher , as suggested in the other question . and no , you do not need root to install adw launcher . if you do decide to change launcher to adw launcher , here 's a link on how to lock the screen on the complete guide to adw . launcher
i believe this is not specifically to do with your sd card . did you have songs in a play list ? i find my music is fine unless i add it to a play list , if i do tracks get deleted .
that sounds like a bad sd card . insist doing that over and over again , with sound files and movie files as well .
facebook 's notifications come through google cloud messaging ( gcm ) . as such , the facebook app itself is not using the network at all , as all apps ' gcm messages come through one connection , owned by the google play services process . there is no user control for individual gcm endpoints . it is up to facebook to provide an option for notifications .
this comes back to the individual app developer , you will have to contact the developers of business calendar and signnow to update their share menu to be compatible with the email app . on the mean time though , you can use gmail to send as your work email . once you do that , then you can share to gmail , and pick the alternate from address by clicking on the from field on the gmail app .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
the newest versions of fullhdmi work without root , but my understanding is that the performance is degraded on unrooted devices ( have not compared myself , so i do not know if that is accurate or how bad it is ) .
you did not mention if you are on stock rom or custom rom . but you mention twrp , so you are probably using a custom recovery ( though not necessarily on a custom rom ) . what i would try to do is to push stock recovery back into your phone , and try the ota update again . if that does not work , you can download the stock 4.4 rom from sammobile , and flash it using odin . take note that this will wipe your data .
you can not drag in-route points of a given android-google-maps route , you can instead drag departure and arrival spots ' a/b ' spots . drag in-route points is indeed a very interesting feature , but not available in google maps android version yet . you can drag the markers by doing : ( click images for larger variant when needed ) first open gmaps and hit second bottom icon : then you select either my location or a point in the map : in the example , i selected a point in the map : same step with destination : you touch wherever you want the point in the map : hit main option to get route : and then when you see departure/arrival green markers in the screen , you can just tap and hold to drag them to other locations . route gets auto updated to new locations .
in his answer , dan already pointed to my list of apps by real-life topics , which offers some extras as well . currently , it only covers a small subset of what is available on google play , though ( for some numbers : ~10,000 apps = ~1% of google play , including roughly 5% of the apps available in aptoides ( curated ) main repository , and a third of the apps available on f-droid – with some overlappings ) . one more resource to mention for apps not covered there is appbrain , which is a different front-end to google play store . so you should find all apps there , and they also show " concerns " ( what dan put as " interesting combinations" ) – a very useful thing to be warned about potential danger . if an app is missing from their list , you can easily make it appear by copy-pasting its package-name ( or full google play url ) on this page . it might take some minutes then , but it will eventually be available ( usually within 10 . . 30 minutes ) .
i think that a mixture of xprivacy and playpermissionsexposed will do the trick . they are part of the popular xposed framework . for gb devices , you can use liudongmiao 's xposed installer gb at the xda developers forum . make sure to read the instructions . i am not responsible if you do not . if you run into any problems , please feel free to comment . ps : the xposed framework needs root , unless you manually decide to flash in recovery . if you are not willing to do so , look at the other answers .
while this is not used for viewing permissions ( better off following the advice given by the other answers ) , i feel that i am obligated to endorse xprivacy , an xposed module for restricting permissions . if you are ever worried about extensive permissions , use this . its completely open source too !
you do not need an external tool for this . on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . however , if you do want an external tool , appbrain is an alternative web front-end to the play store , and lists the permissions individually for each app . from there you can click through to install the app from the real play store . not all apps appear on appbrain , but many of them do , especially the popular apps . there is also a resource offered by izzy , a good friend of this site . his website offers a curated list of apps , searchable by permissions . it also gives a fuller description of each permission , and highlights interesting combinations . because apps are added to his site by a manual process , it is a very small list compared to the huge number of apps on the play store , but consists of a good range of recommended and popular apps in different categories .
as said earlier , you could add an additional gmail account in addition to the existing gmail account and make it active for your play store access . in case if you want to have just a new account and remove the old gmail account , obviously you will lose all your data . but if you want all your data , back up all your data and apps on the phone . because sometimes it will be frustrating to have whole of a lot of the old contacts and other stuffs that you dont need . you can use go backup application , the best backup app i have found so far for this purpose . you can even restore your application with the its previous state , with all of its data .
apps are linked to the account that downloaded them , but android has adapted , and will recognize the apps that are installed , regardless of which account is on the phone . this means : your apps will not be deleted from the phone if you switch accounts you will still be able to update apps you will not be able to use any apps that were purchased through the other account . they will remain on your device , but most apps check for validation in the play store when they start , and will not allow you to run them if you have removed the account they were purchased in . although : you can use them if you leave the other account logged in on the device , they will just be managed by that account in the play store . you can switch accounts to manage apps for either by pressing menu in the play store and selecting Accounts and choosing the account with the apps you wish to manage . then choose My Apps from the menu after you have switched accounts .
if you are rooted and custom clockworkmod installed then go to recovery mod and fix permissions will clear this issue . . or you can use rom manager to fix permissions .
it also happened to me after 4.2.1 updates . i just reset to factory settings . now , it is working fine for me .
the app best suits for you is sony walkman player here are the download links . walkman . apk visualizerpack . apk all the features you want can be found here . have a play queue have lock screen controls visualizer mode . edit metadata and many more . simply install it and try it out .
this is the method i use for finding important apps which have to fit certain requirements : make a list of all the features you want . have some music in the standard music folder which the standard music app uses . do not have too much music as it may take a new app a long time to read it all . find an article which compares popular music players like "10 best android music players " . popular ones will be most likely to have lots of features . download the music apps mentioned in the articles . start it and test it to see if it has the features on your list . keep a record of the ones that meet most of your requirements , as there is a chance you might not find exactly what you want .
there is a solution , but unfortunately it is a bit tedious . this issue occurs because android caches the album art at a low resolution . it also generates file names for the thumbnails in a weird manner ( apparently by the value of the system clock the first time the album appears ) . this means that the fix will be manual unless you employ some computer vision software . navigate to Internal Storage\Android\data\com.android.providers.media and copy the albumthumbs folder to some local directory . you will see files such as 1345139729376 , 1345139731350 , etc in albumthumbs . these files have no extension but are actually just jpegs . you can just edit these files if your image editing software supports it , but we could add .jpg to make it easier . in windows this could be done via the command-line with ren * *.jpg . now if you are on windows you will probably see image thumbnails instead of the generic file icon and it will be easy to edit the images . i am sorry if you have a lot of albums , but since the file names are as good as random we need to actually look at each image and replace it with its high resolution counterpart . if you changed the file extension we can change it all back with ren * *. ( note the period at the end ) . we can then paste our modified album art back into the original albumthumbs folder on the device . the result :
if the app ' samsung account ' has been disabled , re-enable it by using the following : settings > application manager > use the right-most panel by panning right to the heading ' all ' . scroll up all the way to the ' disabled ' part of the list , which is at the bottom , click ' samsung account ' > enable . update : expanded instructions for clarity : the application manager is initially in the ' downloaded ' panel , and the column header is underlined . to the right is the ' running ' panel , and to the far right is the ' all ' panel . disbled apps are at the bottom of the ' all ' panel . select the app you want to re-enable .
app purchases are not bound to devices , but to the google account they have been purchased with . so as long as you use the same google account on the devices , there should be no limit afaik .
it is completely depends upon applications but in most of the cases it is not restricted on devices or mail account , as spb launcher etc track your registration so you can not use those app , but angry birds , etc you can use . . . . it is depends upon app to app
there is no limit . from google support : downloading previously purchased and downloaded apps when you download a paid or free app on google play , the app is connected to your google account , meaning that you get several benefits : if you get a new device , remove an app to free up space , or reset your device , you can reinstall the app without purchasing it again . if you have multiple devices , you can install the app on all of your devices without purchasing the app again . you can quickly find free or paid apps that you previously downloaded .
hold the Pwr &amp; Vol- 60 seconds . release , press and hold power button for up to 10 seconds . release . if this does not work , it is fairly easy to remove the back cover and detatch the battery .
the solution is to buy a galaxy tab . my nexus is dead . asus not even accepts it to make a diagnostic . the " global " warranty is not valid in brazil . by a better quality product from a company that respect their users .
with an installation of the official android sdk , virtual devices are available to you ( so you do not have to use bluestacks ) . you can simply install them via adb to your virtual android device and test them there . you can customize every aspect of the device , ranging from resolution , hardware buttons , modems , and software . if you are developing using eclipse , simply install the sdk and the plugins , and then press the " play " button , and eclipse will send the app directly to your phone . read more here : http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/installing-adt.html
when there is any app installed through the play store ( through your gmail account ) the app gets listed under my apps> installed apps . so instead of downloading it again from your mail separately ( the apk file ) you can directly download the apps through the installed my apps in your device ( under options from the play store on your device ) . for this you just need to login with the same account you had logged in with the blue stack . in this way you could at the least save the trouble from sending the apk file to the email and then again downloading it on your device . else you simply download the adt to develop apps and later test it on you own device through the usb cable . for further questions regarding app development visit this site
dw contact manager supports this feature http://crowdin.net/project/dw-contact-group-manager
i would suggest this is one of 3 things : a bug in cm6 . i used handcent regularly in cm7 and did not see this behaviour . possibly related to having handcent / some other mms app installed . all apps have registered to be told when a message arrived , and all apps are capturing it and inserting it into the telephony mms/sms database . this seems unlikely , because apps will normally rely on the built-in app to insert the message into the database . this could be an issue with the interaction with the network , and acking of the message , which is causing it to be notified multiple times . i think the best thing to do in this case is capture some logs using adb and logcat , and posting them on the cyanogen forums where we can take a look at them and figure out if this is a bug . if you are not comfortable using the development kit there is an app on the market called alogcat , which will grab the log for you , and allow you to send it to an email address .
disable auto retrieve in the mms apps you are not using .
i believe they are stored with the launcher data , since these icons/shortcuts and their order is launcher-specific .
app specific settings are usually stored in the internal storage folder accessible only to that app . while apps do have the ability to write to external storage and lose access to that data when you mount it , i doubt that is the case here . when you install and move an app to the sd card , you are not moving the entire app . some core content of the app still stays on the internal storage . however , moving an app to the external storage has some interesting side effects . the app is completely disabled when you connect your device to the computer , on pre honeycomb devices . android 3.0 onwards , the usb storage was switched to mtp , which allows the device and the computer to access the storage simultaneously . in your case , when you connect to the computer , the apps on the sd card are disabled , causing them to disappear temporarily . as for them not reappearing when you disconnect and restart your phone suggests that there is a bug in the launcher you are using . try using a different third party launcher instead .
the applypatch command is indeed used for ota patching . as an example , i have the update . zip provided for my vzw sch-i915 tablet . . . in my case , i do not want to allow this ota update to occur , so i wish to patch /system/build . prop to fool the device into thinking it has already been done . within the update . zip file , there is an ' updater-script ' file which details the patches . the one i sought was : apply_patch ( "/system/build . prop " , "-" , db0889f98b62e625283e5273bf35d790532b10bd , 5934 , 7a52fd5ec0d5afcbaf159c330374dfb0c5cbc159 , package_extract_file ( "patch/system/build . prop . p" ) ) ; i extracted the appropriate patch file to my sdcard . then , the syntax to perform this action on a secondary copy of build . prop i had made ( so i could check the output before copying into /system ) is altered thus : /system/bin/applypatch "/mnt/sdcard/build . prop " "-" " db0889f98b62e625283e5273bf35d790532b10bd " "5934" 7a52fd5ec0d5afcbaf159c330374dfb0c5cbc159:/mnt/sdcard/build . prop . p . . . which created the same build . prop file i would have ended up with had i allowed the ota to proceed . i hope this helps .
diff and patch are unix/linux commands used to easily check for differences , send updates to huge files by shipping only the differences , etc . ( see wikipedia ) . they are mostly used in development ( to update source code ) , but can also serve practical purposes in non-development environments . applypatch is one of those patch-tools on android , and used e.g. for minor updates ( ota and the like ) . so it is most likely not intended for the " normal end user " to deal with it directly .
there is no such method to know whether all apps would work in ics , i have seen some issues with hardware acceleration problem in old apps when running in ics , it depends on application build , if any authentic applications like browsers mozilla chrome would update their application depending on os which it has . no need to worry about applications which gets updated on time to time , still people are trying to fix all so should work on ics , . let us c
you can check the changelog and comments on the market for information , quite many apps have recently been updated to be ics compatible and there is usually a mention of this in the changelog . also , if the app is not compatible , there is usually a comment about this . in my experience , almost all of the apps i use are compatible with ics or have been updated . some may not have all the compatibility features such as the new menu style , but ics is backwards compatible with the old style too . edit : developers can also specify the parameter android:maxsdkversion in their androidmanifest . xml which restricts the application from running ( and afaik also from showing up in the market ) on newer platforms . i have not published any apps in the market so i am not sure if there are separate settings in there to restrict the apps from installing on higher version platforms . you can try to check the androidmanifest . xml of your apps by using android-apktool , but this requires you to know how to get the . apk files to your pc .
you could set up the android emulator with ics , install the market on it , and try it for yourself . unfortunately all the instructions i have seen for installing the market on the emulator are for older versions of android , so i am not sure if they had work on ics . here are a couple : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/11/how-to-install-android-market-in-google.html stackexchange-url edit : this link seems to indicate it might be possible , using an android ics vm instead of the official emulator : http://vmlite.com/index.php?option=com_kunenaitemid=158func=viewcatid=9id=8838limit=6limitstart=84#8951
most of popular music players have settings to override default behavior of hands free buttons . check your sony walkman have that settings ?
you could check the playstore for headset control apps . having a philips headset , philips headset works perfectly for me -- and lets me define which player app to launch as soon as the headset is connected , plus gives me a bunch of control options for the headset 's single button ( e . c . click for play/pause or take call , long-press to increase volume , click twice to skip a title or reject a call , and more ) . there are many more similar apps available . quite famous examples include e.g. jays headset control ( which did not work that well with my philips headset -- but that may be caused by the headset itself ) , and headset button controller . simply search the playstore for " headset control " for more options .
it is a problem on your rom . i also had that issue , until the rom dev fixed the sdcard mount points . it is because your sdcard has two symlinks ( usually @ /mnt/sdcard and /storage or whatever ) so your phone thinks that you have 2 sdcards . you can solve this by excluding one of the mounts like i do on mxplayer before it was fixed . you should inform your rom dev about this issue so he can fix it .
the only surefire fix i can suggest is factory reset . but i know it should be your last resort so maybe it can also be fixed by resetting the settings to defaults , without losing data . this method sometimes work with broken wifi , issues with force close , some lagging issue and some others . first , if you have titanium backup or other similar apps , backup your system data ( settings , applicationsettings , settings storage ) because you will be wiping it clean . 2nd , go to settings -> applications -> all , and scroll down until you find Settings . select it , now you will see some info , scroll down until so see Clear data . note that clearing data will set your wifi , wallpaper , sound , network , but not your password and google login , to defaults . now after clearing settings , go back to applications -> all , and check if you also have VPNservice , and Network Provider there , clear its data too to be sure . try to login your vpn now , it should probably work . if not , use whatever last resort you have . but remember to backup first :p
you might try out 3rd party softwares like hot spot shield hot spot shield flash vpn
android devices ' inherent behaviour is to opt for a wifi connection over mobile edge / 3g / 4g data . in order to force a device to use the mobile data connection instead of the wifi , just turn off the wifi . there are a number of apps like llama / locale / tasker that can automatically enable/disable your wifi connection depending on your location and other user-specified conditions .
no , you can not do this without rooting or installing a custom rom . some apps allow you to select from predefined themes within the app , and you can install a custom launcher to change the appearance of the home screen and app drawer ( the list of apps ) , but you can not change the appearance of all apps . if you could , there would be no way for app authors to know what the app would look like on users ' phones . for example , if an app had light-coloured background artwork or photo , with dark text , and you changed the text to light , it would no longer show up against the background image . people already complain that android apps look less polished than ios apps , and this would be even worse if app authors had to worry about text colours being different on different users ' devices . samsung phones have an accessibility feature that colour-inverts the whole screen , in all apps . even this does not quite do what you want , because of course if the app started out with light text on a dark background , it would be inverted to dark on a light background . it also makes the device pretty useless for looking at photos or other artwork , and makes colours ugly in all apps .
the " linkification " is actually handled by the sms application on the device , not by anything within the message . if their device is not changing it to a link , then the device is not parsing the links correctly for all top level domains . there is nothing you can do about it really . the only thing that i could think of around this is to use some link shorter that will show as a clickable link and send those , but that is a lot more work because now you need to generate the shortened link first .
samsung lists the hdmi smart adapter on their website as being compatible with the galaxy note .
you can also use anysoftkeyboard , which supports the ₹ symbol now . just long-tap the $ key .
google recently released Google Hindi ime ( input method editor , a techy name for keyboard ) which i now saw with my friend 's nexus 4 . it has the requested rupee symbol :
if you are ready to shell out a few bucks then you can buy swiftkey . it shows the rupee symbol over the key ' x ' . just make sure you set the language of your phone to " english ( india ) " otherwise you will not get the rupee symbol ( link ) . there is also a trial version of swiftkey available for one month .
from the comments on izzy 's answer it seems that what you are actually asking for is a way to edit the mp3 's id3 tag from within your music player , without having to switch between apps . once that is sorted out any file sync app ( as suggested in izzy 's answer ) would work for you . there is not many music players on android that allow you to edit the tags within the player , the best recommended one for that seems to be poweramp ( paid app with 15 day trial ) .
if you are open to alternative ways of syncing , you might want to take a look at e.g. foldersync : it enables you to sync selected locations with different cloud services , but also with your local " home network " . you can set it to automatically synchronize , or have it done manually on-demand . for your issue , you could set either the base directory of your music to completely synchronize between your android device and your pc , or chose selected directories . so when you updated some tags , only those files should be " copied to the other side " , as the others have not changed . same applies if you add new music files . there are some other apps in the playstore doing the same job , just in case you want some alternatives . one of them would be ftpsyncx which , other than its name suggests , also handles different protocols ( samba/windows shares , sftp/ssh , ftps ) .
this would require using a " custom variable " – let 's call it WANT_BT for a reference ­– and some additional profile : on " monitor start " , set an initial value for it . which that is , depends on your usage : say you have got wifi on usually , set it to 0 here , otherwise set it to 1 in this place . experiment a little which is better fitting . alternatively , make it depending on whether wifi is on at this time . we will interprete this as " do we want bt to be turned on when wifi switches off ? " with "0" as " no " and "1" as " yes " . in your sleep-mode profile , set it to 0 in the task . optionally set it to 1 in the exit task ( tasker should restore the " before-value " automatically ) in your bt task , check this variable additionally ( i.e. . " turn bt on if wifi is off and %WANT_BT% is 1" ) you might have to adjust some other profiles triggering wifi , but that should basically cover it : bt should only be turned on when " wanted " . even if you manually switch off wifi via a toggle widget ( or the shortcuts ) , bt would only turn on in situations where you want_bt : )
any app with the permission ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION can trigger gps – unless you have explicitly switched off gps location with your device settings . to scan for possible candidates , you can use a permission checker . there is e.g. permission explorer which allows you to browse installed apps by permissions , so you can limit your watch to relevant candidates . permission explorer : categories , apps by permission ; lbe ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) if your device is rooted , there are also other means . i am e.g. using lbe to protect my privacy . concerning location , i can restrict on a per-app base whether an app can always access it , never access it , or i want to be asked when it tries . the latter method should definitely bring up your culprit – and even in case you missed the event , there are always lbe 's logs ( accessible from inside the app ) you can check .
you might need to remove the lock screen widget app from Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Location &amp; security -&gt; Select device administrators screen before trying to uninstall it .
i had the same problem with my gio and i found out that it is because i leave wifi on for a while without working with phone . this is a bug in android-2.2 froyo and it is solved in 2.3 gingerbread which has been released on december 6 , 2010 .
when i had this happen on my htc g2 , it ultimately turned out to be a hardware issue . if disabling the setcpu does not fix it , then i would check your warranty coverage and make sure to get a replacement before it expires .
i think i had the same problem recently . when i pressed the phone 's power button to wake it up , the display would turn on , but stay completely blank . it happened multiple times a day for me and i got frustrated , so i tried three things and one of those seems to have fixed the problem . knock on wood . i reformatted my external sd-card . i removed almost all of my media files from the phone . i disabled juicedefender 's cpu frequency scaling my prime suspect was the sd-card , because the problems started to occur , when i inserted it , but i cannot be sure .
you have several options that have varying degrees of difficulty and effectiveness ( depending on what you are ultimately trying to do of course ) : develop your own custom rom that only includes only the apps and functions that you want . root the device , and then remove system apps that you do not want . for an unrooted device , you can download one of the numerous apps that hide and lock apps like ilock . i suppose this would be useful theoretically if you had a device that wanted to implement in a business where you were letting your customers or sales people use if for a very specific function and did not want them messing around with anything beyond that . i had a 4th option to share but i forgot it as i was typing the other three . i will update as soon as i remember it .
you can modify system image . pre-installed applications are located at /system/app/ folder . you can add new application to this folder or remove pre-existing applications from that folder . applications from this folder are not removable ( if device is not rooted ) . as a fast example for customizing android emulator : go to android sdk folder , . . . /platforms/android-9/images/ note system . img file , it will be modified ( you should back it up ) extract system . img using unyaffs customize files inside extracted folder pack new modified system using mkyaffs2image ( this tool is built when android source is built ) . replace old system . img with new customized system . img create emulator for android 2.3 , launch it and verify that your changes took effect . this mostly an overview of process , and customization of a real device is much trickier .
if your device is a popular device then chances are you will be having updates at least once a month . you can use goomanager app to update your custom rom goomanager app link . goomanager automatically checks your custom rom and search for updates . this app is a front-end for the android file hosting site , goo . im . it allows for downloads of roms , google apps packages , kernels , apps , and any other file available via the website . update notifcations are available for roms and google apps packages . please note that notifications are not via gcm ( push messages ) but run at start-up , and every 2-24 hours ( configurable in-app ) .
it is not documented somewhere . but only updates that do not change the permissions are done automatically . if there is a change , the update will have to be done manually . but of course there is no gurantee that this will always work this way , because of bugs or design changes . if you are paranoid , turn the feature off . ( but then , how could you trust android that the permissions that are shown to you are enforced ? )
just so that i can play a little with gimp : here 's the photo with the light sensor marked .
it is hard to see it in normal light , you may need to take your phone under a very bright light to be able to see it ( e . g bulb light or straight sunlight ) . it looks like a darker and smaller front face camera . if gsmarena has said that it has light sensors , then in my experience , its near 100% correct . btw , if you can not bring light sensor to work , there is a free software called lux auto brightness which does the job very nice and has many options .
the sensor is like a small dot , usually located on the left of the htc logo , above your device 's screen . also the location of the proximity sensor is . fyi : htc one models s , x , v , evo 4g lte are very much alike in physical conception . this is covered at xda developers forum thread : where is the one x 's ambient light sensor ? by tiersten : left of the htc logo above the screen . it is also where the proximity sensor is . by jaaystott : if you call someone , take a look at the front of your phone . you will see a steady red glow from the top left of your screen , this is where the proximity and ambient light sensor are housed . additionally , there is this white paper : ambient light sensor ( als ) applications in portable electronics that shows their physical aspect :
the simple answer is no . you had have to re-skin that part of the rom and also dig into the code and remove whatever 's doing that , most likely . if it bothers you enough you should just switch roms .
how to be sure yo have no additional tracking software installed ? you may use 2 methods : method no 1 . step 1 check logged google accounts settings> accounts : be sure to use only your account for all google products/services ( play store , maps , android phone manager - this one can track device ) . to be 100% sure only you are admin of your phone , set up yourself new google account . step 2 in settings> security> device administrators - check programs set as admins > remove all if there are any . ( if find one pin protected use method no 2 with hard / factory reset . ) step 3 remove all additional aps that may be used for tracking settings> apps> downloaded - select and remove all , one by one ( some might be pin protected then go to method no 2 . ) . step 4 in settings> location services disable option acces my location and turn off gps . step 5 disable mobile data transfer step 6 setup and enable pin and password ( settings> security ) , enable screen protection with pin number method no . 2 manually backup your data ( music , pictures ) copy it with file explorer/manager onto sd card . sms can be backed up with sms backup + app , sync contacts with google account ( for security reasons set yourself new fresh one and use it to backup restore your data . ) and now : go to SETTINGS&gt;BACKUP AND RESET choose FACTORY DATA RESET important uncheck AUTOMATIC RESTORE box after hard reset chose your own new google account for google services ( setup yourself new one ) . next setup and enable pin and password ( SETTINGS&gt;SECURITY ) , enable screen protection with pin . additional info . apps that can track your phone : 1 . google device manager 2 . kaspersky mobile security ( this one tricky and hard to erase i use this one with my phone ) 3 . avast mobile security / avast anti theft ( this one sends notice mail or sms when phone leaves designated area , also may be hard to remove , you will need hard reset to get rid of those two ) . anti theft hides itself as update agent in apps . 4 . track my phone 5 . phone locator and many many more - check ' em in google play ( you may find one installed on your phone - remove it ) method no 3 ( 100% works ) buy another cheap smartphone and second simcard . install on this new phone , lets call it decoy , software they have installed on your old phone for tracking you ( you will find it in settings> apps on your galaxy ) , logg em in , put into that second phone you old sim card , redirect all phone calls to you new number which you will use with your factory erased / clean galaxy with new accounts logged in . leave second ( decoy ) phone in a place you are supposed to be . voila ! if you can not find app which they are using to track you down or do not have passwords to log ' em on second phone reverse procces : buy yourself another phone ( almost any teenager can afford to buy simple smartphone ) with new number ( can be pre-paid ) and redirect all calls onto new one from your old sim card and use old phone as decoy . voila again .
dan already pointed out that this is more a social problem . talk with your parents , express how you feel about this . the feeling of being constantly monitored is sure not very pleasant . that said , the only way to make it hard for someone to monitor the location with the help of your android phone is by ensuring that you have a clean initial setup and a locked down system in terms of screen lock and debugging disabled . this comes down to that if your phone was never compromised before and you prevent all unauthorized access to the phone , it is hard to install surveillance software . it has nothing to do with root access or a custom rom . in fact , root may be counterproductive , since you want a tamper proof system . if they use other means of tracking ( e . g . gsm based ones ) , which is unlikely for individuals , then there is nothing to prevent that .
as many other people suggested , it will be good if you solve this by talking to your parents , but technically , i think in all android devices , following option will be there : Settings&gt;Developer Options&gt;Allow mock location  as far as i know ( by searching google ) , it may help you . actually i did not tried it . .
this is an excellent question , covering both technological and social usage of android , so much so , that this answer is totally off the wall from me considering it is not an answer one would expect from me usually on this forum ! : ) so , apologies in advance for readers of this answer in thinking there is going to be a technical outline , or detailed answer , because it is not ! : ) however your statement - i find a bit disturbing coming from a 17 year old is there a way i can route the tracker to a specific location when i want so that i could just tell them i am at that location even when im not that is not right ? mis-trust perhaps on both sides in whatever happened on prior occasion , cause and effect for to trigger that above statement . im 17 and i am getting sick of getting a phone call everytime i leave a friends house . that above is a bit vague as you are not actually implying its your parents that are ringing you ? perhaps , your parents do love you that much , and are worried that something may happen , but that is not to say , they are controlling you and your life . they are looking out for you . my guess , is you are an only child ? as @flow and @dan pointed out - you need to get a handle on this and talk upfront and honest to your parents about this . shoot me down , i will take the hit of down-votes on this answer anyway
if you believe that your parents are tracking you with your android . do this 1:backup your favorite apps . 2:factory reset the phone . 3:encrypt your phone . ( this way nobody else can access your phone ) 4:for extra protection you may add pin so that you can lock down parents from accesing your settings . 5:if you are going a step further you can lock down your phone in kiosk mode with the help of any custom launchers or anything like that . but i think you should probably talk with your parents .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
you have not specified the android os version nor the gmail app version , but since the settings are pretty much straightforward , i will leave here an overview covering the basics for all available versions . summary three things might be happening : you are receiving notifications for each email that arrives ; you have the " notify once " active and are receiving notifications for the email that arrived , but also for a label you have setup to notify ; you are receiving notifications from the gmail app , and from another app where you have also configured the same account . below is a summary for the gmail app settings by version . try and adjust them to fit your needs . if you continue to experience the same issue , you are probably facing a bug and the best option is to report it . android 4.0 . x ( ice cream sandwich ) to change gmail settings , touch " menu " > " settings " from any gmail screen . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications : when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . ringtone : available when " email notifications " is selected . touch to change any of three settings : the ringtone and vibrate settings for notifications , and an option to notify only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 3.0 . x ( honeycomb ) to change gmail settings , touch the menu button at the top-right of the application bar and touch settings . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . notify once check to receive a notification from gmail only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 2.3 . x ( gingerbread ) to access the gmail app 's account settings menu : open gmail . press menu . select more > settings > select account under " notification settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you will receive a notification when you have new email . labels to notify manage your notification preferences by label . you can only manage notification settings by label for labels that are synced . you can enable notifications for specific labels , each means additional notifications when emails arrive : when you enable sync for a particular label , you can also change your notification preferences so that you are notified when you receive new mail for that label . press menu and touch more > settings . select the gmail account whose settings you had like to modify . touch labels to notify . select a labels to change the notification preferences . you can modify the following settings : email notifications ringtone vibrate notify once only labels that have been set to sync will appear in the notifications menu . official gmail app support page by google for this android version .
it is quite simple to turn this off . . . i am using osx 10.7.4 and i did this : i went to " system preferences " , than in the line " system " i went to " users and groups " . in the top , there is " password " and something like " login items " . i went to this " login items " and just clicked one time in " kiesviawifiagent " and than in the " - " button under it . now , i can reboot the macbook pro and it will not startup by itself . sorry about my english , but i am form brasil and my osx is all in portuguese . so , i am translating it by myself . hope to be helpfull . . .
what you probably want is your phone work as adhoc and as an ap at the same time i guess it is called bridging http://compnetworking.about.com/cs/wirelessproducts/f/apbridgingmode.htm i do not think that at first android phones support the adhoc mode at all yet . stackexchange-url the bridging is only possible for normal wifi routers not for android phones . routers also support wds http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wireless_distribution_system there is no such thing as wds for android phones yet afak . hope it clarifies the matter abit . thanks .
related : can we use an android phone as a wi-fi repeater ? the answer is basically no . it is theoretically possible , at least with some wi-fi chips , but the software needed is fairly involved . some android phones do support ad-hoc mode , but bridging is the problem as sergey indicates . i do not know of anything that is been ported to / written for android to do this , since it would probably involve altering proprietary drivers ( pretty hard without the source code ) .
yes , restoring from backup ( like with titanium backup ) will restore all conversations . app settings will be restored as well , so blocked contacts should stay blocked .
buy a samsung s3 - it alarm app has a built in widget function that allows you to set a widget , and then assign the alarm you want to it . its a 2 block widget and you can toggle it on and off , plus it provides details about the alarm . perhaps you could see on xda if someone could pull the app for you and then you could try running it on ics . i am surprised there is not another app out there that is similar .
what happens to existing files when flashing a new rom very much depends of the location in question : your sdcard ( internal or external ) is not touched at all , apart from the fact you are placing the update.zip for flashing there . your internal storage ( /data and /cache ) is neither touched by the flashing process itself . but when switching between different roms , it is recommended to wipe these two to avoid complications some other locations are usually wiped and rewritten . this includes for sure /system , and in most cases also /boot i know of no case where files are " hidden " . either the entire partition is not touched at all , or it is wiped . it might be that on some partitions files are simply overwritten , though i have never heard of such a case either .
i do not know whether it will work for your device , but the xdas have a tool supposed to work with several lg devices at least . you can find it in here , and it looks like this : you might want to browse through the linked thread at xdas . as far as i remember , there were some people trying it on other devices , and had success . no guarantees , however : )
seems as if google is evil¹ and removed that option from jelly bean to enforce their drm schemes² . i found however a tool which restores it : automated framework kit ¹like we didn’t already know that . ²i have no idea what was the rationale behind it , but remember it’s the company which has a mail service that’s immensely popular despite not properly working with any major mail client .
i have used mortplayer and it supports chapters , multiple bookmarks and remembers your place . as far as chapters go , it depends on how the audio book is setup , most mp3 audio books save each chapter as a different track and that works just fine . also , it is free . while i have not tried it , it is my understanding that ambling book player pro is the cats meow of audio book players , although it costs $9 . i do not really listen to audio books much anymore ( too many podcasts to keep up with ) and i use beyondpod for my economist podcasts . it remembers the last place you were listening but it does not let you set bookmarks .
some devices , like the motorola xoom , the sony ericsson xperia active and the galaxy nexus , have an air pressure sensor built into them that measures the barometric air pressure . i have the barometer hd app installed on my xoom which seems to give roughly the same reading as my suunto electronic barometer . support for a barometer pressure ( and other environmental ) sensor was added in android 2.3 to follow the trend of linking to the related developer resource , i believe this is a type_pressure sensor . see also this related stackoverflow question android devices with pressure sensor , and this gizmodo article for some of the possible uses for the barometer , which includes helping the device to calculate your altitude in gps apps . android engineer dan morrill made a post to google+ explaining why the galaxy nexus had a barometer internally : i have seen a lot of hay made about the barometer in galaxy nexus . here 's the skinny ; it is not really as dramatic or weird as people think . the primary purpose of the barometer is ( at least , i have been told ) to make gps lockons faster . locking on to a gps involves numerically solving a 4-dimensional set of linear equations -- 3 dimensions in space , and time . ( yes , you get accurate time for free if you lock on to gps . ) because of the way gps works , this can take a few minutes . this goes much faster if you already have an estimate of your location . this is why " agps " ( assisted gps ) services are so popular : by starting with a rough city-level coordinate fix through something like cell-tower network location , you can reduce the amount of math you have to do to lock on . this is where the barometer comes in . the 3 dimensions in space are latitude , longitude . . . and altitude . the barometer gives you a reasonable first-cut estimate for altitude . this gives you a bit of a leg up on one of the dimensions -- especially combined with "2d " agps -- which can help speed up lock-on in general . now of course , the barometer can also be used for things like , well , determining atmospheric pressure ( although i am not sure it is really weather grade . ) but the main reason it is in your phone is to help with gps .
it measures finger pressure on the touchscreen . source : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/motionevent.html#getpressure(int)
well , i would like to ask you one more thing , i do not think the files images and videos created inside the dicm folder at least i can not see it over my device and yes it is also gt-p3100 but running 4.2.2 . i would say if you are trying to recover things then why do not you try recovering your data using " recuva " i have tried using it a number of times to recover some of my images . so , it does seems okay try giving it a shot if you are luck is good enough then i am sure you can get at least some of your images back .
i would start with the latest clockworkmod recovery and then the latest build of cyanogenmod 7.1 .
my recommendation , and the rom i am running is phiremod i can definitely confirm it is gingerbread , based on cyanogenmod 7 and built specifically for the nook color .
open setting choose backup and reset . once that is done turn the phone on it should be as good a s new . i took this off t-mobile help thanks tmobile
the kindle fire will function as it normally would , but you cannot use the video on demand service while you are rooted . the amazon appstore functions fine even if you are rooted . you can revert to the " original functionality " with the " unroot " button provided by superoneclick . nobody knows this but amazon . honeycomb was not open-sourced when the fire was being developed , and amazon forked the android open source code to create the kindle fire 's codebase . thus , the fire was built using the newest available source at the time of development - gingerbread . i rooted my kindle fire ~30 minutes after i got it , largely because i wanted access to the market but also to ease any development i do with it . everything works like normal except vod ( as noted above ) .
in order to save apps ' data you have two options : if your phone is rooted , use the famous app titanium backup ; if your phone is not rooted , use helium with a windows pc .
try this command instead : su rmmod ehci-hcd
there are several adb guis available which might help you out . all of them have in common that you can browse the android device 's directory tree using a graphical frontend , and also execute " stuff " from a command-line interface ( "console" ) . they might offer additional features as well : android commander root optional ( and only needed for applications manager and flashing options ) , windows only . offers an adb shell ( console ) and a graphical file manager . adb browser a gui based file and application browser , windows and linux qtadb seems to require root and busybox . multi-platform , multi-purpose gui , including shell ( console ) , file browser , app manager , system info , and much more .
the l90 lacks an ambient light sensor , so there is no true auto brightness method . xda user gdjindal has a unique tutorial for adding a pseudo-automatic function on the optimus l9 ( it'll most likely work on your phone as well ) : link
use a needle or a pair of needle-nose pliers to break the data pins on your adapter , so they will not connect to the device . breaking the data pins does not inhibit the adapter 's ability to supply voltage across the power pins . alternatively , it might be easier to cover them with a small piece of insulating tape ; the easiest way to do it will depend on the shape of the adapter and what tools you have to hand . of the four pins inside a usb plug/socket , the middle two are the ones you want to cut off or cover . be careful not to damage or cover the two outer pins . it should go without saying that you should do this while the adapter is not connected to anything .
there are three ways:- if you have access to the phone ( or trust your friend to do it ) , just delete your google account from your friend 's phone . in the main settings app , under accounts , find google in the list and click on it . then click your account and click remove account . if you have switched your google account to use app-specific passwords , then you can simply revoke the gmail password you used to sign in on your friend 's phone . nothing else will be affected . if you can not wait for your friend , and you are not using app-specific passwords , then just log into your google account from a web browser and change your password . it will sign out on all the devices and you will get a prompt asking you to enter the new password . that said , there is something that does not quite add up . it is possible to be signed in and use gmail from more than one android device at a time . signing in on your friend 's phone should not make your phone stop working , so it could be a coincidence , which means that signing out on your friend 's phone will not fix anything .
a while back i read something that suggested this problem could be caused by a dodgy sd card . the suggested fix that seemed to work for me was to unmount the sd card and then power off . i have since bought a new sd card and the problem has gone away entirely .
my desire always did this , i have no idea what caused it , i always just ripped the battery out , it did not seem to do any harm . upgrading to froyo fixed the problem for me .
if you are in the us you can create get a google voice number and place callers into groups . a group can have a customized announcement and do not disturb . gv is free and you can have gv ring multiple phones such as home , office and cellphone . if you install groove you can have it first and ring your gv number and directly or indirectly other phones . if someone sends an sms message to your gv number or your direct . to ( groove ) number it will send you an email message .
in theory no limit on recording . but as you say overheading is a big problem on summar days . i experience that camera did shutted down recording video because a software problem . when you recorded , everyframe have to processed by processor . and camera recording process is a stream between processor and camera chip . during this stream , if a bit of stream 's data changes , processor will handle an error in stream and will delete all recorded stream . this is a one scenario . scenario 's count can be increased . for example if processor heat up , and after heating up , on transistor level will one electricity jump 1001st transistor to 1002th transistor and this cause a processor error and this can be the limit of recording video . i hope i could explain .
plug your keyboard in , later go to Setting , select the language and input settings and under the Keyboards and Input Methods menu , your usb keyboard had been listed . select and change the language . if not listed , this means you have problem with your android . i could changed that way .
i do not know about your device but on my htc one i have a " do not disturb " function which i can schedule for a particular time . however i think this will block everything ; text messages , emails etc . if thats not what you want then i suggest you try tasker . there is a call divert option in there . edit : if you wanted another option ( albeit a lot more roundabout way of doing it ) you could use gsm codes . you can download schedcall and set it up to dial the appropriate gsm code to set call divert ( **21*destination*11# to divert all voice calls , and ##21*11# to cancel all diverts ) . a full list of gsm codes can be found here .
use either of these : busybox busybox pro ( paid ) note this comment in the description : please note i did not write busybox ! i wrote this installer and cross compiled busybox for android . please see the about menu option for more details or here : www.busybox.net if you are installing a custom rom , it might have busybox already ( but usually not pro ) .
cover is designed for this . it is a lock screen replacement app whose main feature is : the right apps at the right time : whether you are at home , work or in your car , cover learns which apps you use and puts them at your fingertips . basically , it has a column of app shortcuts along the left side of the lock screen , which it dynamically changes to the apps you use mot often depending on your location and the time of day . although this is not quite the auto-homescreen layout you may have been looking for specifically , cover 's idea is that you should not even need to get to your homescreen ; it lets you launch your most frequently used apps directly from the lock screen instead .
determine which apps i use most frequently and place them on my home screen automatically . there is smart widget .
after enabling the USB Debugging option , superoneclick can be used to root both samsung galaxy player 4.0 and 5.0 handsets . download the latest version from here , and the walkthrough is here . in terms of updated os versions , your best bet is custom roms that can be found on various forums like xda-developers .
this is going to take some work and some intense reading . check out this xda dev forum the fastest way to root samsung devices ( imho ) is superoneclick .
no it will not be . the person will simply be shown the message " you have been removed from this group "
you can use a static ip address and gateway address . it is also possible to edit the nameserver . you also need a route for the interface . you can use the route command to add a route . when you have a terminal emulation and root user you can type route -h to show a little help screen . to add a route try this : route add default gw xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx dev xxx .
you could always download handcent and use its " force deletion " feature . i have seen that work for many others . but depending on how many sms you have , you will need to let it sit for a while .
can you not share a folder on your windows machine and then use es file explorer or similar to copy the files across from the phone ? obviously whilst on the same local network . it would cut out having to transfer them to a remote location and back again .
i have not tried it on windows 7 , but i expect dropbox will work fine .
removing the battery and putting it back in solves the problem , at least temporarily . a few days later , i found the same problem was happening , and the same solution worked .
i had a similar issue with the in call volume . i restarted my phone in safe mode , and it fixed the issue . to restart the phone is safe mode , hold the power button to turn off phone . hold the power off option for a few seconds and reboot to safe mode . the problem should be fixed once you delete any apps that crash in safe mode . restart the phone and the volume should be much louder .
you can tune volume level for lots of things in your device with es task manager . go to Power Optimizer > Other ( in the bottom right corner ) > Volume . here you can tune the volume level for incoming calls , notifications , medias ( music and video ) , alarm , volume during a call and system sounds .
call volume can be adjusted by using the volume rocker buttons only during a call . if not in a call , it adjusts ringer volume and if a media is played , it adjusts media volume . so , if you had mistakenly increased media or ringer volume then you might not have any effect on call volume . try making some calls and when it is dialing , press volume up to raise volume level . i am just saying all this because you said you are new ( though this is a common feature for other phones as well ) to android . if you had already done this and still you can not hear properly , i am afraid there are no further solutions to improve the volume . however , there are work around like using hands-free or headphones .
you can also use an app like volume control + to adjust different types of volumes : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system .
the nexus 10 has a-gps , so it can speed up the time to the first fix , either via gsm ( if it has one ) or via network from an assistance server . see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assisted_gps
the nexus 10 has agps and also a hardware gps built in .
yes , you can turn off " wi-fi and mobile network location " from settings , which disables a-gps features leaving you with plain , unassisted gps . you can read more from google nexus 10 help : manage location access
i believe nexus 10 has gps hardware which can provide location information without any aid from gsm or wi-fi sources - same as my nexus 7 wi-fi only model . i have used my nexus 7 on road ( without any data connection ) and used is gps capabilities . i am just wondering how a did you get this suspicion when the specification clearly says about availability of the gps ?
things to check include : you have configured a sound for your sms app the notification volume is reasonable ( in line with the ringer volume is probably good ) you do not have either silent or vibrate silent mode selected you have enabled notifications in your sms app
they are in the directory : */whatsapp/media/whatsapp voice
in the gmail app , there is a search icon ( magnifying glass ) that appears in the top right corner when you are within a mailbox . if you are using the stock , general email app ( with the yellow "@" icon ) then i am afraid there is no search function supported .
when i switched over to android i started looking for a three button headset compatible with my phone . i found that there are a couple of brands that do earphones for android but you usually have to use an app to set the functions for button controls . i love good sound in my ears and probably use my earphones 2-5 hours per day . i have tested a couple , i find many of the earphones lack durability and break quite easily . some recommendations below , all with three button control : nocs ns200 - good sounding earphones . comfortable . lacking mids and bass is too impendent . however they broke . three button function works well with button control app . bose mie2i - nice earphones is you are not into in-ear heaphones . comfortable and good sounding . i think they are slightly overpriced . . klipsch s4a ii- really well made earphones . good sound and well balanced . button control work well with app . degauss dual driver , the best pair of earphones i have owned so far . they sound like the equivalent to a couple of shure earphones for 290eur , but only cost 110eur . the button control works well . i downloaded degauss app . i have been using them for a couple of months . i found them in a store in sweden . think you can buy them from degauss labs website . would like to try sabotage royale as well . . maybe this post helps . . .
i use an android specified headset with 3-button for my nexus . works brilliant . not only does it deliver 3-button action , but also very good sound and a really hard hitting bass . anyone enjoying rock or electronica will not stop listening ; - ) the headset is specifically made for android 's lower voltage spec from google and will not work on an iphone ( the way i like it ) . 3-button android spec headset with flat cable sabotage royale from degauss labs webpage : http://www.degausslabs.com edit : 3-button headsets . i hope anyone reading this debate understands there are android hardware spec headsets and iphone hardware spec headsets . they dont change in hardware or technical specifications just because you start using some software app . . ( just make them more programmable ) . so if you are an android user you should use a 3-button android spec headset . a 3-button iphone headset will not work 100% ( up down buttons etc ) and most likely the mic dont do the proper job making whom you speak to hear you bad or " from far away " or " talking in a coke-can " . there are 100 times more iphone spec headset out there , dont ask me why .
summary from my comments , as requested , as an answer : there are plenty of other headset controller apps on the playstore if you are worried about the permissions . i tried jays once , but it only worked partially ( in 9 out of 10 tries , i had no luck to adjust the volume -- instead , other actions were triggered , as e.g. pause/play ) . having a philips headset , i tried philips headset -- and am quite satisfied : volume control , play/pause/skip , accept/refuse/hangup call , all possible smoothly . most of the headset control apps want to make calls . as my device is rooted , i control such things with the lbe app : neither jays nor philips headset abused this privilege . most headset control apps seem to work with most headsets , more or less . as my example with jays and a philips headset shows , some features might not be available/working . but you cannot break anything trying . so i would suggest to give it a try first : if one app does not work out , try another . if none works the way you need it , you still can go for another headset ; having checked some of the control apps , you then already know which companies have a specific app . as said , my philips headset works fine with the philips app -- others reported the same for jays . reading the comments will give you more details and help you finding a good combination .
my initial research is confusing . some say that this kind of commands just are not available on android . one source says that at least one product ( klipsch s4a ( android ) , £50-90 ) actually works as desired when also installing an application from the vendor . as for add-on software to handle the in-cable buttons , headsetbutton controller ( €2,29 , free trial ) seems to do the trick although i really do not understand why it needs to " read data about your contacts stored on your tablet , including the frequency with which you have called , emailed , or communicated in other ways with specific individuals . " with that add-on software , perhaps a cheaper headset could work just as fine ( example ) .
if you are willing to sacrifice volume control feature , pretty much most of the stock headphones that come with android phones will work for you . long press , double press of the button are mere interpretation of software like the music player or the call manager . hence you should get this feature natively or if not it can be supplemented by apps . if volume control is badly needed , then the only option that i can think of is bluetooth stereo headphones like jabra bt3030 , which can do all those you ask for . i am not an audiophile and do not like heavy bass - just saying this because i recently purchased a headphone from lg service centre just for inr200 ( about £3 ) and i am completely satisfied with its cost vs benefit ratio that it offered and of course had all the feature you ask for except volume control .
i also had similar problem on htc desire and i have made a blog post about its solution in here . basically you have to open " manage applications " , and clear cache of " market " and " download manager "
i do not think it is possible to recover these . . only if you should have backups of your outlook calendar , but i do not think a lot of people take backups of their calendar
i finally made it without a /system/-wipe . i reinstalled cm9.1 + gapps , ran it once , and installed cm10 + gapps . now it works fine ! anyway thanks for your help !
aosp keyboard crashing in cm is a known issue . i think you can go for a system wipe . but just go through the precautions you should do . try re-flashing your rom and gapps
while i 100% agree with liam 's answer , there are still solutions for countries where that law does not apply ( and to tell you a big secret : those solutions even work when the law is in effect -- but then you run the risk of punishment yourselves if you use such a solution where you should not ) . searching the playstore for " shutter sound off " yields more than 100 results . as usual , not all of them are really hits : most of the " spy cams " surely will disable the sound , but most likely you want to use your own camera app , and not one of those . if you are rooted , you can simply delete the sound file for the camera shutter sound . aside from this , an article on androidadvices offers 3 different solutions : put your phone in silent mode by keeping the incoming calls ring volume to zero you can keep your phone in silent and thereby there will be no sound when you take a snap or record a video . this is the easiest way by which you can turn off the shutter sound . but mind you that you will not be notified of any incoming calls or any sms or email that you receive . i.e. , to stop shutter sound you need to put your phone in silent mode . use uva silent widget camera android app ( well , or one of the others from above search results ) install cyanogenmod once the cyanogenmod 7.1.0 up and installed on your rooted phone , you need to go through the settings &gt ; cyanogenmod settings &gt ; sound and then select mute camera shutter . on some devices with ics , the camera app itself offers a feature to disable the shutter sound :
just disable or mute your media sound ; that will also mute the camera shutter sound on ics .
sorry to tell you this , but due to laws in many countries , there is no way to disable it without removing the file which needs root . sorry to be the bearer of bad news !
thanks to doug plenty for providing the answer to me directly . this is the subject of an apple patent and over which they are suing htc ( amongst others ) who customise android in a way that the stock os does not dare . see for example http://mashable.com/2011/12/19/apple-patent-victory/
are you downloading any games ? some of the more complex games could weigh hundreds of megabytes , and they download additional resource data when they are first run .
my verizon data widget was telling me numbers i could not believe . i went through a gigabyte over night and was at 3 gigabytes for the month most in the last 10 day of the cycle . i found the my data manager app in the market and that told me which app was causing the problem . the app breaks down data by wireless and wifi and shows you how much data each app used . i love this app .
all sorts of background processes and applications will use cell data bandwidth . if you have installed some new apps recently , which given your phone is only a week old seems likely , check to see if some of them are doing anything in the background . if you list your apps , perhaps we could shed some light on which ones might be data hogs .
go into settings> applications select all applications . scroll the the very bottom of the list as you should see an app named " downloads " select it , and then change it from " disabled " to " enabled " .
afaik the n1 does not require signed firmware , at least not once you unlock the bootloader -- it is a dev phone . unofficial confirmation : i specifically purchased a nexus one because it supports the ability to flash the phone with unsigned firmware .
if you are just after the contacts , that should be easy as 1-2-3: open the contacts app , tap the menu , chose " export to sdcard " copy the resulting file ( in most cases named something like 0001.vcf over to the new phone on the new phone , same as in 1 . – just chose to " import from sdcard " of course , there are several more alternatives – depending on your preferences : if you have synchronized your contacts with google ( or some other cloud service ) , they should automatically be synced to your new device as soon as you connect it with your account plenty of backup/restore apps are available to assist you , some even specific to contacts more information might be found in our backup tag-wiki
when you say old phones , i think you meant devices which had ni-cad batteries . that practice of recharging only when the battery was run down is known as the memory effect like richard said , most phones do not use ni-cad anymore but li-ion or li-poly , which do not exhibit that behavior . i keep my devices plugged in as often as possible .
full discharges put a strain on the battery . this topic might be of some help to you ( the first answer specifically ) .
modern phones use li-ion and li-poly batteries . so the battery life is not affected by whether you charge them at 0% or 90% . it only has a long term effect . batteries degrade with every charge cycle . a cycle is usually a recharge from below 50% . so charging while the battery capacity is still relatively high has a long term effect of less degradation . the other frequent pseudoscientific habit that has no roots is a technique many call " formatting " , where you leave your battery plugged in for 16 hours or 3 * 8 hours with discharge in between or any other baseless claim by anyone on any forum or phone shop . if they do not have scientific evidence do not believe them .
i just found an app from the same developer that does what i wanted for buildings smart measure
not possible at this time . this answer in the google support forums indicates that it can not be done , but that it will be forwarded on as a feature request .
try turning the camera 180 degrees . clearly evernote is confused about where the top and bottom are . also , i have found when editing in the gallery then uploading to evernote , if i only rotated the picture the edits do not seem to take . it does work however if i rotate it , then crop it ( i do not really crop anything out , but just go through the motions ) and save it . on those photos , evernote recognizes the edits .
if you use cyanogenmod there is Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Quiet Hours .
there are several automation apps in the playstore which deal with this kind of subject . some of them are simply time-based ( which would match your question ) , such as e.g. timeriffic 1 -- others additionally can react on other conditions like location , calendar and more ( e . g . myprofiles 2 ) . the top end of flexibility can be reached with tasker -- there is almost nothing this app could not do . it needs some time to get used to , and costs some money , but for sure it is worth it . there are a lot of more apps like the mentioned ones , so just take them as examples for further " investigation " in the playstore . there also is a german listing on androidpit ( automatisierung -- profile-switcher and co -- google translate version ) to give you a faster start looking for alternatives .
phono is able to replace the carrier 's name with a logo : phono ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge ) take a look at above screenshot . see the t logo in the upper left , on the notification bar ? that is placed by phono . it additionally offers a bunch of widgets to show you network strength and other things , plus some shortcuts ( as shown in the screenshot ) . i used phono successfully on htc stock roms as well as with cyanogenmod . though your seem to have issues with your current beta-rom , those might hopefully be fixed with an update , so phono will work on that , too -- otherwise it might still help you in case you decide to switch roms : )
there are several things to check out . walk the list until your problem is resolved -- then skip all following : make sure the sim was inserted correctly ( it easily happens to insert it the wrong way round ) does the same sim work in other phones ? yes : sim should be ok , phone probably " borked " no : sim " borked " . ask your provider for a replacement ( done . ) do other sims which work in other phones work in yours ? yes : very strange . check with your provider to send you a replacement sim : it is rare , but sometimes there can be incompatibilities ( especially with older sims and newer phones ) . no : pretty sure your phone is broken . hand it in to service . some indicators to watch during the process , as they might prove helpful to service ( and for combinations not covered above ) : do you see a signal in the status bar ? are there any sim errors displayed ? these two are pointing to an answer whether a sim was detected at all . the phone should display a special symbol in the notification error if no sim is found , and usually asks the user to insert one .
search " android device id " app in the google play market . download and install the most popular one . it'll show you several things including your phone 's imei no .
tap anywhere on the page and the menu reappears .
i do not know how to get it by the adb command . but you can get it programmably with the sdk . there is a class build which have many information of the current running phone , such as you wanted model number can be got by the build . model .
on a pretty much vanilla build on my evo , i can get to it by going into Settings-&gt;Wifi-&gt;(Menu Button)-&gt;Advanced . it is listed as " keep wifi on during sleep " . just be sure to tap on the left half of the " wifi " menu item , since the right half is simply the toggle .
very unlikely . that is the mediascanner 's responsibility . for faster access it scans all directories on given events ( e . g . sdcard mounted , boot_completed ) and stores the results in a database , where most players pick it up from . so you can either use a tool like e.g. sdrescan to trigger the mediaplayer ' s scan whenever you have manipulated files -- or find yourself a music player that does not use android 's media database but rather works e.g. folder based .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
it is operator-related . although the phone can support conference calling , most consumer calling plans do not let you do that .
you need an intermediate wifi ap to which both android and your laptop connect . the integrated wifi hotspot functionality will not work as it does only forward the internet connection and hides the rest ( it adds a new 192.168.42/24 subnet and does nat internally ) . technically speaking , of course , there is a way to do it . but it requires root and you would need to setup the network by hand ( iptables , ip tools required ) and make sure that the app does bind to the wifi hotspot standard gateway ip 192.168.42.129 and that there are no firewall rules to block it .
did your phone come with some apps pre-installed on it ? that can sometimes cause issues with the update process . pre-installed apps are often placed in the system directory and the market might not properly update them . if you can , see if the apps that are listed as updatable are pre-installed . another potential issue is a mismatched signing key . it is more common if you install development versions of apps , but an app that is signed with a key that does not match the market version cannot be updated .
this could potentially be caused by having an app that has been restricted since you downloaded it . if it is no longer available for your device / network / location then it will not show up in the market , but it is possible that the market still checks to see if a newer version is available . i believe i had this issue back with the v2 . x market , but not since i uninstalled the app in question .
i have noticed that having multiple android devices can trigger my update notifications . i , of course , use the same account for both devices but when updates are available on one , they are not aways available on both . i will typically get a notification on both devices .
this is a little bug with something in the marketplace . the way i have fixed it is by uninstalling the updates for the market . just go to settings - applications - manage applications - go to market and select uninstall updates . launch the market , it will be a much older version . give your phone about 30 minutes and the market will update to the newest version and you will no longer have the update notification issue .
you could try clearing the cache/data for the market app . settings-> applications-> market , select the market app , then click the " clear data " button . ( you may need to force stop the market app first )
if you have multiple google accounts setup , click menu , then accounts , to make sure the proper account is selected . then click menu , then my apps .
the latest version of the market will automatically update apps that you have allowed to auto-update . the checkmark notification will disappear from the notification area immediately after the update . those apps that are not allowed to auto-update will be unupdated so when you go to the market those will be left unupdated .
you should experiment with rebooting via the various key combinations / battery pulls / usb plugged-in-ness below first . sometimes the phone can be jolted out of the bad mode it is in by doing that . if the firmware was partially written though , you will have to do odin as ryan suggests . i basically agree with ryan 's answer , but i would use at least odin 1.5 . here 's odin 1.7 , it includes the 512 pit file . for the gt-i9000 ( international galaxy s ) , get firmware from this xda thread . you probably want the newest for your region ( excluding gingerbread , since it has not been officially released ) . i also recommend checking re-partition in odin . this will wipe 100% of your data , however . i think the easiest way to get into download mode is through key combinations . for the i9000 , just hold power + voldown + home until the phone reboots , then let go of power only ; after a second you will get to a yellow triangle with an android in it . for the vibrant , remove the battery , plug into usb , hold voldown + volup , and insert the battery .
i had the same problem ( except i did not use kies , i had the problem after the first ota update ) here are the steps i did to get my device back in a usable state : keep in mind , this will revert your phone to a rather old ( android 2.1 ) version of touchwiz . you may want to see if there are newer odin files available . you will probably need different files anyhow , as the ones i have below are for the galaxy s vibrant . also , i take no responsibility if this does not work for you , or your phone explodes in the process . these are the steps i took , and they worked for me . good luck . download odin3 1.0 download 512 pit download jfd tar note that all 3 of those are from the same thread . it also would not hurt for your to read that post too . open odin , plug in your phone , then put it into download mode . to expand on this because a lot of people were asking " how to put in download mode " . the easiest way i found to actually do it , if you can can connect via adb is to do the following : # reboot download if you can not get that to work , try how i mention below ( phone off , battery out , hold vol+ and vol- ) , or try searching these forums for " vibrant download mode " you will find other things that " work " for people load the pit file in appropriate area . load the . tar file in the pda area . do not check ' re-partition ' . click start , let it finish . at this point odin failed on me . and i got the " mobile- ! -pc " image . now , pull your battery and unplug usb i also took out the sim and sdcard at this point . bring the phone to download mode again plug the usb back in ( the phone should be off ) hold down vol+ and vol- put battery back in press power re-run odin as mentioned above do not give up if this does not work . if you get the device to boot , even if it is to the " error screen " , there is a possibility of recovering .
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
the reason is because shdroid does not have permission to execue tasker actions . you could contact the developer of shdroid and ask him to add the permission to the application . i have not found exact contact info for him , but i found his blog .
this was solved thanks to bossman 's awesome proxy apk . install it and then run via ssh : am broadcast -a pl.bossman.taskerproxy.ACTION_TASK --es task_name TASKER_TASK_NAME_GOES_HERE it works flawlessly : )
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
actually , on jelly bean ( 4.1.1 ) , it is Gmail &gt; Settings &gt; **username@gmail.com** &gt; Notifications .
just upgraded to 4.3 and for me this setting was in the " hangouts " app .
launch the google play store app and hit menu then settings . . then go to google admob ads and uncheck .
from my experience i would guess you have bought a device imported by a private store rather from a local carrier , the people where you bought it should have replaced the stock rom into a hebrew supporting one after opening the package . i had the same thing done to my device after purchase and it will not void your warranty in any way . either ask them to do so or just root your device and flash a hebrew rom from the web ( may void warranty ) .
no , there is no public api that allows developers to create camera apps that takes raw photos . based on what i have read in dpreview.com, implementation would have to be at driver level , and specific to each device . also , raw files taken by camera phones would also look nasty .
does the rest of the internet work ? or is it just the netflix service ? in any case , contact your vpn service provider for advise . as long as the vpn connection is not terminated ( as you say it isn’t ) any problem is likely to be much easier debugged on the service providers side . you have noticed a pattern , and that should be debuggable for them .
if you are having root , use titanium backup to disable/freeze cmclient . apk and dmclient . apk . this will disable the tablet to check for ota from asus servers . if you want to update the tablet to latest firmware later , unfreeze/enable the apks and proceed with updating .
the cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware supports netfilter . you can follow the instructions from cyanogenmod 's full update guide for the sgh-959/samsung vibrant to install cm7/9/10 ( downloads for the vibrantmtd are here ) .
gaosp is your only option . it is in beta 3 , so it is a pretty sure bet .
some of the below is speculation , or given to me by sources i can not cite so take it as is . some ( many ) of the oems ( manufacturers ) like lg and samsung embed their propitiatory widgets within their own launcher . this ( allegedly ) is down to them not wanting you to emulate their own look and feel in someone else 's launcher . samsung , beside android , have their tizen operating system . it is almost identical to their touchwiz overlay on android . so if a user has a samsung , they can use this device without porting over any knowledge , to all intents and purposes they do not know what os it is running as the interface is consistent . keeping touchwiz and those things their own , and unique is a way of retaining their customer base and keeping the ui the same across a range of devices makes it an easier decision to ' get the lg ' or whatever to keep what you are used to . the galaxy gear 2 smart watch actually runs tizen , not android as a real world example . it is a business decision , not one i am a fan of as i believe in customisation and options . any ui ( ala touchwiz ) that deprives me of choice is one i quickly abandon . it is worth pointing out that there are thousands of widgets on the play store , many of which bear an uncanny similarity to those of the oems . last point i will add , htc are currently rolling blinkfeed ( their launcher/news stream ) onto the play store . this may be the beginning of oems splitting onto the play store as google did a while back ( calendar , keyboard , etc ) . this may be a way to get some of the widgets you love , without owning the device . however , the locked widgets remain an issue .
there is a nice german tutorial on androidpit ( same page using google translate ) , explaining this in detail . moreover , you might want to check with the q and a how to check success status of opened url in tasker ? .
locale the best by far . well worth the $ . nothing else is a question .
i was not able to find a free solution so i am doing exactly what you are looking for with tasker . when my work calendar shows me in a meeting it turns the ringer to vibrate .
here 's a few . . . free : soundmanager silencr paid : audiomanager pro $1.99 volume / mode scheduler $2.99 edit : just realized you may have been looking for something more robust than just a sound profile manager/scheduler . chronos ( $0.99 ) and chronos lite ( free ) appear to do similar things to tasker and are much cheaper but they do not have the best reviews . i have not used them but they may be worth a shot . ( my 2 cents : just get tasker )
the application saymyname dessert does this quite well .
cyanogenmod 6 does this feature because it is native to android 2.2 . see this cyanogenmod issue report for more details .
you need to go into input properties and choose the languages you want . if you do not find the desired language then you must root your phone and use an app like language enabler from google play .
you can try external keyboard helper , which is designed for bluetooth/usb keyboards but i believe it should work for the chat 's physical keyboard !
you can try a 3rd-party keyboard like go sms pro . it will allow you to use different keyboard layouts , including russian . i think it has czech ( but probably not written in english ) .
i had a similar issue as i was learning spanish . i was finding it almost impossible to key in the spanish words using english text , one by one character . to get round this , i enabled two languages and therefore my phone now recognises both spanish and english words and therefore i have no problems when switching from contacting colleagues to learning languages . to do this , go onto ' settings ' , then ' language and input ' . then scroll down to the option titled ' samsung keyboard ' and click the setting cog next to it . you should then see an option called ' input languages ' and from there , you should see a list of all the available languages on your phone . simply check all the tickboxes of any languages you would like to use and then those languages will be enabled and you will be able to type with them throughout any app on your phone . hope this helps and answers your question .
aww you cant just make your physical keyboard to enter different language , you can try this : -use on screen keyboard -download google input for your desired language -and change input method by long clicking any textfield
there are several possibilities : manually setting all volumes to 0 , except for those channels you want to keep ( e . g . alerts , notifications , system ) . issue : on some devices/systems some channels seem to be " locked together " , so as soon as e.g. volume for calls is increased , some other slider increases automatically along . an app like audio control might help on that . same thing , but use some automation tool ( e . g . tasker ) . this might work-around the slider-lock . disabling notifications from the app ( might not work if the app does not count that as " notification" ) if root access is available : replace/remove the corresponding sound file ( credits go to dan for this ) using a helper like app override . unfortunately this is no longer available on google play , so i linked to the original thread on xda .
if it happened only once , it might have been a battery calibration error . this seems to be a defective battery . i would send the device back , if i were you . the drop seems to be too steep to be from a continuous drain ( like wifi ) .
i have got the same problem since some weeks ago ; it is the same , the wifi remains connected even when the screen is off . . . one friend solved it removing the outlook app but i am not using it . ( i am suspecting the simpsons game . )
the second image , which shows the battery go down to 0% shows that wifi is what used all the battery . it seems that the battery stats do not show its " progress " to 0% , maybe because the device was in " stand by " mode , but still connected to wifi . wifi is a big drain on your battery even when the device is not used . there are applications that will still use the data connected ( wifi or mobile ) even when the screen is off .
looking at this , gsm:900/1800/1900 mhz , 3g td-scdma 2010-20250 mhz and scrolling on down a bit on that page under the ' data application features ' . . . data service gprs ; edge ; td-scdma that would explain it , no umts/hspa/hspa+ mentioned in the spec of that hardware , as that would be required to have t-mobile operating to enable 3g data . it may be basically a cheap and cheerful but crippled phone , but only for a certain market segment , if there is no supporting data protocol support such as umts/hspa/hspa+ , it will fall back on 2g .
i was having this problem on my verizon galaxy s4 ( i545 ) . i could not figure it out for two or three days straight . finally , i looked into my /data folder and saw a folder located at /data/app-lib which contained some data from candy crush . the folder was the same as the apk title : com . king . candycrushsaga-1 after deleting this folder ( you may want to back it up first ) , i was able to install candy crush again with no problem . hope this helps !
i solved this myself after trying a few things . i deleted the news and weather app 's data by going to settings> applications> manage applications> all , tapping " news and weather " , and then " clear data " . i needed to delete and re-add the widget and set my refresh settings again , but now it works .
no , it does not need root you can test the app on your phone ( but if it needs root in any way you need it ) , or you can test it in the android virtual machine that comes with the dev tools .
no , you do not need to be rooted to develop apps . apps are developed on the pc with the android sdk and you only test them on your phone .
root is not required to develop android application . the android sdk comes with an emulator that can run a virtual android device on your computer and test your application there . however you can hook up a real android device to your computer and enable a feature called usb debugging . for pre-jellybean phones this is accessible in developer options that should be visible in the settings app . for jellybean and up phones , you need to go to about phone and tap on build number a few times . then developer options should appear and you can enable usb debugging from there . an android phone is already prone to malware if external sources are enabled . use the google play store and always read the reviews . if an app wants root privileges , the phone will ask you first , so do not worry . however if you allow it , you are on your own . the app has full control over every aspect of your phone . your phone will need to be rooted if you are going to use root features in it ( obviously ) hope i helped .
android 's documentations only mention client and server relationship so it is more important to determine which device is the client and which is the server . the device that initiates the connection is the client while the other is server . someone says that the master is usually the client while the slave is the server but i am not sure if that applies for all cases .
as you have noticed , the app you are typing into can tell a " hint " to the keyboard app ( or input method ) to let it know what kind of text to expect , such as an email address . it is then up to the keyboard app to decide how to interpret that . for example , it can look in your contacts for email addresses . you have not said which keyboard app you are using , but from what you have described it seems that this app chooses to ignore expansions when it receives this hint . since it is up to the keyboard app what to do , you might like to install and try out a different keyboard app . i do not use expansions/abbreviations myself , so i can not recommend one , but there must be one out there that lets you use them for email addresses , phone numbers , etc . as well as normal text . do bear in mind that a keyboard app can record all the text you type , so be extra careful to only install apps from reputable sources and developers .
thanks to @danhulme in the comments . he asked me if the phone registered a connection in the notification bar and it did not . i wiggled the cable then pushed it all the way to the left and the phone was detected by windows . must be a dirty or failing micro-usb port . if cleaning it does not work i will be returning the phone under warranty .
there are apparently lot of quack cables out there that will charge the phones nicely but when it comes to data transfer will not meet the protocol needs and usb will not detect anything connected on the usb device driver to kick in at all . i struggled with a bunch of cables in my house for months . yes countless hours trying to figure out why the heck my windows 7 will not detect at all , to the point where i said i am giving up on android and going iphone . thankfully luckily i decided to try one new cable and lo and behold , two different phones immediately got recognized on windows 7 ( an lg and a nexus ) . so even though it sounds dumb , these darn cables are a major culprit ( or the connector jack/pins rather ) .
i did not test that , but you did not quote the command – so su -c just got the command pm to execute , while everything behind that got passed as additional parameters to adb shell . and shell does not know anything about " disable " . adb shell su -c "pm disable com.google.android.gsf/.update.SystemUpdateService$Receiver"  should fix that – and pass the complete command ( -c stands for " execute command" ) to su as one parameter .
instead of having no ringtone assigned to it , get a short silent ringtone ( such as the ones found here and use that to set a silent ring .
you could start off by checking if this is a problem with the messaging app itself . install an alternative sms app ( i use go sms pro myself ) . if all 's fine with the alternative app , and you do not mind using it ( they are much more powerful anyway ) , problem solved . otherwise , you could try out what patchie is suggesting .
i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices/samsung-galaxy-s2
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
right now my htc evo does not have this issue . however i have noticed from time to time that the typing something in the virtual keyboard can be slower than usual . usually though this is due to an app being installed or i am switching around in several apps really fast and the lag does not last more than the first one or two key selections . if you have not already i recommend calibrating your virtual keyboard ( it may help it may not : ) ) in " settings " go to " language and keyboard " then select the input keyboard you are using ( i have three different ones on mine you will most likely have less ) . my guess is that yours will be called " touch input " . from there select " text input " and scroll to find " calibration tool " . quick summary : to calibrate your htc virtual keyboard - " settings " > " language and keyboard " > " touch input " > " text input " > " calibration tool " there may be slight differences due to the fact that the device i am using is different but since they are both from htc it should be close . hope this helps
i use alarmdroid . you can adjust it by either by +/- or pressing the hour/minute to get a number pad :
i had the same problem and resetting the device fixed the issue . give that a try .
there is nothing wrong with your phone , the photo upload feature for facebook just does not work well . i also have a moto droid v1 running the stock 2.2.2 version of android . over the air uploads are terribly unreliable . the app often crashes , hangs at 0% , hangs at 100% , and very rarely , completes the upload . on a wifi connection the uploads are slightly more reliable , but still prone to error . i suspect that the app is expecting to be able to do a complete upload at once over a single connection . when working over the air , your phone might drop out long enough to drop the network session . the app is not handling that well .
best option would be to upload them to either youtube ( marked as private or unlisted if you do not want them searchable/viewable by others ) or dropbox . should take the same amount of time to upload both . once uploaded to dropbox you can share either the file or a link . i typically use youtube as it does not require the other person to download the large video . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dropbox.android
i do not have any experience about the droid incredible 2 , but most android phones i have used allow to choose the quality of the recorded video from the camcorder app . decreasing the resolution would be the only way without using hosting services .
the answer lies in the kernel source for that htc wildfire - look in arch/arm/mach-msm/acpuclock.c to see the table of the accepted frequencies . since the wildfire is based on msm-7x25 chipset here 's the excerpt of the frequencies table hardcoded , assuming its a gsm handset : first column , indicates that the frequency can be scaled , if it is a 1 in there , that chipset frequency can be scaled up or down , think of ramping up the cpu when there is a processor-intensive app running and that is done by the kernel dynamically within the confines of a safe threshold without burning down the chipset - please note : this is only for the kernel to use , further on in the answer , that shows the overclocking table , that is " end-user " responsibility - not the kernel ! ! ! ! ! ! second column , the normal frequency in khz as dictated by the what i think is called the a11 clock ( somewhere within the bowels of the chipset itself ) third column , not exactly sure but is specifically related to chipset itself fourth column , the selector used for the normal frequency setting fifth column , the divisor used for normal frequency setting sixth column , the overclocking frequency in khz seventh column , the overclocking frequency selector eighth column , the divisor used for overclocking frequency setting ninth column , not sure either what that signifies there is actually in fact , 12 fields used , the remaining fields are filled in at kernel boot-up , perhaps adding guards and ensuring that the conserved values are not explicitly over-ridden , a " gate-keeper " if you like , read on . . . further on in the source , there is usually a conservative over-clocking frequencies ( the common msm-7x 01 / 25 / 27 ) chipsets supports it ) , again same layout as the " conservative values " as highlighted above , notice every single one of the frequencies can be scaled up/ramped down for each overclock frequency that is how setcpu can adjust those values as it has a 1 in there in the first column depending on the table lookups , and depending on the chipset , only the max is specified , and is re-inforced by the kernel ( in the remainder of the fields of the record that the kernel reads from and process it - as mentioned above ! ) i eventually created a setcpu . txt file which i put in the root of the sd-card . the thing is when i had a frequency of 800mhz setcpu still read it but the max frequency it could obviously touch was 768mhz . that is why you can never override the maximum as dictated , as in the op 's case , to prevent thermal damage to the chipset and clock frequency ! random reboots , random freezes , battery overheating quicker than normal ( normal as in within the regulated cpu clock frequency threshold ) are all symptoms of a overclocked chipset . this is a big give-away clue when someone asks about random reboots but does not say that it is probably overclocked !
you already have a working vcard file ( . vcf ) , just import it using gmail 's web interface . if this vcf is still bad , you can apply simple text processing ( regex search and replace ) to it before importing it to google . here are the steps to import a vcard file into gmail using the web interface . here 's an excerpt from google 's help : click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . click the more actions dropdown menu and select import . . . . click the choose file button and locate the vcard file you had like to upload . select the file and click the import button .
you could also take a look at the contact cleaner app for an initial cleanup . not sure how much help that will be in your case ( with the linkedin stuff it does not care about ) . another thing to consider : temporarily remove the linkedin " provider " from your configuration-> accounts ( if it is still left there after you uninstalled the connected app ) may get rid you of all the linkedin-connections ( at least it works this way with some xing stuff ; not sure about linkedin as i do not use it ) -- and probably restore them without duplication when you re-add it ( make a backup before trying this ) . i am aware this does not completely answer your question , but it may solve a big deal of your problem concerning the size of your contact database , giving you at least a " partly relieve " and more time to consider a final approach .
no , you can not work around it unless you make changes to the android sources and compile a custom rom . the installer service is a core part of the system and cannot be replaced or overridden like other apps can . this is by design . it will only ask you again if one of the apps that was updated is one that has other apps that can perform the same task . the same thing happens if you install a new application that can perform the task of another app . this is because updating an application is actually just like installing a " new " application . there is no difference in what happens when you install a new application on your device or if you update an existing application . so if there was a way to have it " always remember " this option , then when you installed a completely new application that you want to use , you would never get presented with the option to use it . lets use the launcher as an example . you use go launcher for a long time and you have it set as the default . then you decide you want to use the new foo launcher , so you install it . now when you go to the launcher you are asked what launcher you want to use . if you set it to " always remember " , you would not be presented with the option and you ( or maybe other users ) would consider this a poor experience because now they have to figure out how to change the launcher to the one they just installed .
i use " shh ! auto-silencer " for a similar purpose , screening notification automatically ( so i do not get calls at work rather than while sleeping ) . it is a time profile based app that silences your phone between time a and b and allows you to set exception for contacts . the best thing about it is that it runs in the background ( boot on start-up and runs off the alarm clock service ) , you do not need to enable/disable it as a sound mode . shh ! auto-silencer lite
the setting profiles app can do that . from their site : what if i don’t want to miss an important call while i’m on mute ? you can overwrite current sound settings with a rule based on incoming call condition . here is how to : create a new rule add incoming call condition and set it to your preferred contacts group ( like vip or family ) add activate profile action to activate the profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified that’s it ! now even if your phone is set to mute , it will still ring in case of a call from someone from contact group you have set up in step two . they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . i would try the lite version to see if it has this feature first . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
if you are rooted , the best way to check is to go to /system and open build . prop , and then check if there is a line called ro.sf.lcd_density . this will give you the current lcd density , and you can even change it if you want .
i have created small app to check phone screen density . you could check it . phone density information
you probably have a diagonal screen size , and a resolution . use the pythagorean theorem on the resolution and divide the result by the screen size to get the dpi . for example , my vibrant is 4" , 800x480 . sqrt ( 800 2 + 480 2 ) / 4 = ~233 dpi .
even a cheap tablet with no official specs normally mentions the screen resolution on the box , did not yours ? if not , then you could visit a web page like http://www.whatismyscreenresolution.com/ ( there are many other similar websites out there ) or install an app like android system info that will tell you your resolution as well as your dpi . the dpi is just a measurement of how many pixels there are on an inch of your screen , so if you know your screen resolution , you can measure the size of your screen and calculate the dpi from there to get the actual density .
i have replaced rom in my mobile using odin and downloaded official jelly bean firmware from here and installed by following instructions i was able to succesfully flash the jelly bean released on nov 11 2013 and after flashing i did following wiped user data ( factory reset ) wiped cache partition now it is working like charm
for auto backup access there are several options open to you . phone : select the gallery app which should bring up a listing of your albums . one of your albums will be titled auto backup ( assuming you have photos/videos in the album - otherwise the album will not appear ) . website : google+ auto backup website : picasa web
you can access them from the google+ website . there is an auto backup album under photos .
you might wish to take a look at apps like network signal info and rf signal tracker , which allow you not only to monitor signal quality , but also show you which cells you are connected to , plus what kind of connection you had ( 3g/h+/ . . . ) . you can follow that on-screen ( to find the currently best place ) , and also log it ( if you notice " drops " , that might be helpful when discussing things with your provider ) . network signal info and rf signal tracker ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
to answer your question on what the ' black bar ' is at the bottom of the screen - it appears to be called the System Bar . i thought it was the Notification Bar but apparently that is part of the System Bar . here are several links that i found in my search : android 3.0 highlights from android developer site talkandroid . com esato . com phonearena . com stackoverflow question where someone called it a ' system bar '
there is an app , called framaroot . you can download it from xda . it is working with xt919 and xt910 ( i installed in a razr d3 xt919 ) . there is also a video tutorial in youtube here
according to this site , it is possible to change the status by tapping it and selecting another status message . it is possible that this is not available in the free version , since they usually contain ads .
use titanium backup pro to do so . start the app . tap menu in the top right corner . scroll down to the special backup / restore section and choose backup data to xml there - choose wi-fi access points . to restore , choose restore data from xml .
on newer versions of android , wifi settings are backed up along with your google account ( if you have enabled it in Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Back up my data ) , and restored when you link your google account back to your wiped or new device . note that in my personal experience , the google backup feature is a bit flaky , sometimes it works , sometimes it does not . on new devices it usually works , but when wiping/installing roms it may fail .
so to sum up the bit of confusion that is in cm 10.1 now - there are actually two sets of notification bar toggles . one works like the old set from previous cm versions , and it appears in one row above your notifications when you pull down the bar . these are the " power widget " toggles . the second set was a feature added upstream in jelly bean , and is referred to as the " quick settings panel " . these are laid out as multi-row tiles - which it sounds like you are describing - and you can switch to this view by tapping the top right icon on your notifications shade ( after pulling it down ) : you cannot , to my knowledge , get rid of the quick settings panel completely , as it is baked in to android . however , you can prevent it from appearing of its own accord by going into Settings &gt; System &gt; Quick Settings panel &gt; Quick pulldown  and selecting the " off " option . the other options are " right " and " left " , with the idea being that you can basically divide the notification pulldown into two swipe areas if you like . for instance , by choosing " right " , you can access your notifications by pulling down from the left side of the bar , and access the quick settings panel by pulling down from the right side of the bar . if you choose " off " then the only way to get to the quick settings panel should be if you pull down your notifications and then tap the icon in the top right . effectively , this disables the quick settings panel from ever appearing unless you explicitly choose to see it .
i think , you will have to reset you phone to do so . if you do not want to lose your application data then try app backup manager apps . these apps back-up application 's apk file to sdcard .
go to settings-> accounts-> add account-> and add another google account with the new email . then go into the play store and there will be your email with a drop down arrow . tap it and select the new email .
photo saving location is up to the individual apps . stock android camera app , for example , always writes to sd card 's DCIM\Camera folder . other photo taking apps may have a different default location , but you should be able to change that in those apps ' settings . various photo managing apps will try to scan your entire sd card for images , and may pull in folders that belong to various other apps , not necessarily camera/camcorder . such apps usually have setting to specify which folders to include or exclude during such scans .
here is a summary of how i have implemented it . besides tasker , i also used : autonotification , for a richer notification . sms popup , for suppressing sms notification for the balance responses . sms auto delete , for silently deleting those sms responses after a while . profiles request balance on calls - on outgoing call , call balance before call , on exit call balance after call . process received balance - on sms received from the balance numbers , call process balance . show balance summary - on balance variable set , call show balance . tasks balance before call AutomatedBalance = Yes CheckConsumption = Yes Request balance by SMS  balance after call Wait 15 seconds Unset CheckConsumption Request balance by SMS Flash "Balance has been requested"  process balance show balance
action-> event-> phone-> received text *type:sms sender : phone balance content : balance new task-> variables-> variable set * name : %smsbalance to : %smsrb +-> alert-> popup * title : balance text : [ see in variables ] . . . voila
here is what is happening the update somehow unmounted and mounted partitons improperly . you will have to install ( flash ) custom recovery ( twrp , cwm , or other ) . go into the mount option to toggle settings . i do not know exactly which partition ( i think it was /data ? ? ? ) got mounted or unmounted , so i can not help you there . but i had the same problem when i got an upate on my acer iconia a500 . my 16gb turned into 1.2gb ! ! ! it took a little bit , but finally got it figured out . good luck ! !
disclamer - i dont have enough rep to place comments - so here is a suggestion . i have been looking around and found a blog from a user with your same device has got this thing rooted successfully here : http://androidxda.com/download-root-genius comment from user here : http://forums.androidcentral.com/ask-question/410785-need-help-rooting-envizen-tablet.html i suggest get your device rooted and then install ( clear some temp files before installing if you can . . . ) the disk utility from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.diskusagehl=en from there you can see where your data is being used . . . ps : you dont necessary need root priv 's to get this utility working however i am presuming you have flashed this thing to perhaps to death and may have lot of old data which may be stored from within the system data part of your android device .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Music player -&gt; Clear defaults . this will clear the association between the music player and mp3 files . now , if you open an mp3 file , it will ask you what app do you want to use to open it , and you have the option of setting a new default app . ps : this works with any application you have installed
the only way is likely going to where you went today . it will be very diificult to find it without network connection . lookout plan b would have helped you if your device had got something to manage sms but it is a tablet .
android apps are not . exe files - they are . apk files , which are effectively java . jar files with additional included information . the packages are installed in one of a few locations : /system/app - for system installed apps - you can not modify this folder . /data/app - any apps installed from the market are installed into here , and you as a user can modify the folder . /sdcard/.android_secure - apps that are moved to the sd card are stored here note that apps will also put data in a number of locations , and not all of these are on the sd card , even if the app itself is installed on the sd card ; this is likely your problem with the app on your device , and unfortunately - without rooting the device and using something like a2sd which enables you to move other partitions onto the sd card . for reference , also see this question on stackoverflow which has more info .
you cannot change the font on some books if it is using an older format . because those books are older topaz format instead of newer azw format . you can not change the font type with the topaz format , although you can still change the font size . if you look at the content of kindle with your computer , you will notice that the books with the older topaz format has . tpz extension while the newer azw format has . azw extension .
i also recommend going to the account security activity : https://security.google.com/settings/security/activity it will show you when and where your account is used . for example : if you boyfriend is loggued on some other device
if android device manager was enabled , and you hate your ex , you can lock and/or erase that phone . refer to the official guide for more details . lock . lock your device with a new password . erase . permanently delete all of your data . of course , as others suggested , changing your password is sufficient .
go to : https://accounts.google.com/b/0/editpasswd and change your password , then go to : https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions and revoke access to everything .
change your password . that will log out everywhere else and prevent people installing apps on your account .
login to gmail on a browser . at the end of the page , in the bottom right-hand corner , you have a small hyperlink to see the sessions where your account is being used called " details " . click that link , and then click on the " sign out " for all the sessions . voila ! all of your logged in sessions ( except the current browser login ) will be logged out .
you could just change your google password ? that way when his phone does the regular check , authentication will fail and the phone will effectively be cut off from your account .
a simplistic solution to your problem would be the following : set up any one of the ip camera apps on the play store . access the ip camera app 's web interface via the server . set the web interface to record the video feed to its storage . this would work ; but you have not specified if you own the server or not , what type of server it is , or whether you are on the same wifi network as the phone .
enhanced sms and caller id will vocalize text messages and allow you to reply using your voice .
check out blue control on the marketplace . routes sms messages to your bt headset .
the following is another resource for such apps : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/apps.html#ps at least one of the 5 listed ( handcent sms ) is sms-specific .
there are a number of apps that will do this . drivesafe . ly is what i use right now , but have not really had the opportunity to thoroughly test their tts engine . it can also be set up to start whenever bluetooth is paired , or if you put it in a car dock . i did try another one out a few months ago , but can not remember the name right now . a search through the app market ( or your favourite online app site ) may reveal some more .
" assistant " for android is free and it reads incoming text messages aloud , and it will let you dictate a response . it does many of the other things that " google now " does , only not as well .
sms speak does text to speech for your sms messages . it has support for routing audio thru a connected bluetooth too . you can install different speech synthesis engines from the software libraries on the marketplace as well .
by far the best hands free app out there ( and believe me , i have tried all of them ) is speak drive text by speakeazy . so many options , just a great app .
handcent sms has a " speak text " feature .
announcify - currently in beta . it is the successor of , the already mentioned above , saymyname dessert .
there is an app called smart receiver , it speaks sms and incoming call details very well . i use it , it is very nice .
starttalking seems like an app to check out . it will let you listen to incoming text messages and even replay to them . it does not require any bluetooth devices ( but i think it will work with one ) , and it is true hands free - meaning you do not have to press any button to use it , both for listening to it and replaying , it is fully voice activated . oh and the tts sounds surprisingly good .
saymyname dessert will read sms text . when bluetooth is attached , it still uses the speaker or wired output , though .
i know this is an old thread but here is some links to a good 100% hands free sms for android . speak and hear sms in google play : speak and hear sms
today netflix released an offical app ! currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3
press 3 line button beside ttpod to open the menu press " settings " press " downloads " press " audio auto download directory " and select where you want to save your files
two possibilities : side load flash with the apk found here , and then run dolphin browser to access the flash site try running the site through flashfox app as it has built in flash ( no need to sideload anything )
i see this blog post explaining how to configure apn settings to browse through a proxy . at first , i could not believe that the apn mentioned ( as telkila ) in the post will be available in my emulator . but to my surprise i find a apn is available though with a different name ( as t-mobile us ) . since i do not have a proxy server environment , i could not check and confirm this . however the comment in the blog seems to confirm it .
very badly , there is not a way to do this . emulators are just like androids - no way to add a proxy , unless you use an external app , and you must be rooted to do so .
as aureljared already pointed out , a factory-rest wipes the /data permission , so you cannot simply " exclude " and app and its data from being " removed " . however , you can backup it beforehand , and restore it afterwards . easiest way ( not requiring root ) is utilizing adb backup for this . it will require the adb tools installed on your computer 1 , and usb-debugging turned on on your device , but that is it . then you can either deal with it directly from your computer ( with the device attached via usb ) , or use a tool like helium - app sync and backup directly on your device ( after initializing it via your computer , if your device is not rooted ) to backup and restore all or selected apps . 2 1 see is there a minimal installation of adb ? and our adb tag-wiki 2 see my answer here and here for details
preserving the application itself ( apk ) can be easily achieved ( with root access ) by dropping the . apk in /system/app , but the configurations are a bit trickier to keep . factory resets generally do a wipe of /data , which also contains all the configs/gamesaves/etc that all apps installed have , so you might have to use a seperate backup app ( i recommend titanium backup ) for that .
dolphin mini blog post documents how to download the pdf file . q2: how to download pdf files ? a2: 1 ) long press the link of pdf files , choose the “save link” option in context menu . 2 ) click “download” option at the bottom of the page after you click the link .
try a complete clean installation . i mean wipe system data cache d-cache then install the is and gapps only . probably something stable . then test it for 2 days .
important addition : when my battery gets drained and i put it to the charger , it gets fully charged for few minutes ! i tried wiping battery stats before and after every rom installation , tried using battery calibration app , but nothing helps !
from your answer ( phone charged again in a few minutes ) i would say there is a problem with either your battery capacity or your battery stats ( either the phone thinks the battery is empty while it is not , or it thinks it is fully charged when it is not ( and so it is emptied again very quickly ) . the screen is always a big battery consumer ( i never seen it under 40% on my phone ) so if your battery life is reduced , it can drain it completely in a couple of hours . what i would recommend is to try to charge the battery for a long time after the phone has drained it , like overnight . you may want to try another charger also since there is always the possibility that something had gone wrong with yours . if it does not help and you know someone with the same phone , try swapping the batteries ( after both are fully charged ) : if your phone still die in one hour , then you definitely have something consuming too much battery . try looking into the number of wakelocks as recommended in the comments ( also you may try to revert to stock rom . if the issue is still there , there may be a hardware failure causing this issue ) if the other phone die in one hour and your is still good , it means you are battery was not fully charged . if this is the case , try to charge it again on the other phone and do the test again : if the battery works fine the second time , there is an issue with your phone which does not charge batteries the right way . in this case i am not sure what you can do ( that may also be caused by a hardware issue ) if it still does not work for more than one hour , then you just need a new battery
i installed stock 2.3.3 rom and now everything is fine . . . i will back it up , and then try experimenting with some newer roms : ) thanks for all the responses !
try pointing them to this link on the sony mobile website : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/software/phones/xperia-x10-mini/ it has some software to download for mac or pc which will allow your friend to upgrade their device .
wifi tethering may be a better option . on your htc one , go to : settings > more . . . > tethering and portable hotspot > portable wifi hotspot
i wonder that " device storage " turns up as an option at all , as it is not intended for direct user interaction . on internal storage , each app gets its " home directory " to write in , where they usually store their data and settings – but not e.g. your photos and documents you might wish to also access with other apps ( as basically , on " device storage " , each app is limited to its own directory ) . maybe you confuse this with " internal sdcard " , which is the user-storage on the device ( as opposed to the " external sdcard" ) ? to get some idea on the terms , be invited to our tag-wikis on the terms storage , internal-storage , and file-system .
headset blocker will disable those buttons . it is a widget , not an app .
try music button disabler is the best solution for lock the music button .
the best way is nfc trigger . . there is an app ( nfc trigger ) that can activate car mode automatically when the tag is close to the tablet
the error message says that the update is for a device with the codename pandigitalplnt1 , not the planet 7 . you need to find one for your exact device model .
turns out this was caused by twilight , which had an option that can fix the install issue . with " auto-pause in specified apps " ticket , and " apk installer ( button fix ) " , the problem goes away .
moon+ reader in the pro version supports almost all formats available , including epub and pdf . you can even highlight and annotate text ; with pdf files , these highlights/annotations will be directly embedded into the file ( so you then can simply transfer the pdf to another reader and have your notes included ) , while for the other formats they are stored separately . support is pretty good , fixes and new features are constantly released ( developer is quite active and responding ) .
both aldiko and fbreader support pdf reading without conversion . as the app should update , you can check them again . i found these later : aldiko only supports non-drm'd epub . nook for android by b and n and kobo ebooks seem support both pdf and epub . get the information from : http://www.pdfmate.com/read-pdf-with-ebook-reader-app-for-android.html
i am using bluefire reader . it is free of charge and can display pdf and epub files with adobe drm .
aldiko is a good free application for reading pdf and epub documents .
txtr purports to support both , but has not gotten very good reviews . speak text easy and multireader are primarily for text-to-speech , but they both appear to support both file formats .
you had have to find someone who is extracted it to an apk file , and side-load it onto your galaxy . this link gives a nice tutorial on how to side-load an app . probably the best place to start to find it extracted would be in the forums on xda .
this thread , while for the facinate , has the calendar files needed . you will have to delete ( backup them first ) the touchwizcalendar . apk and " original " calendarprovider . apk . then put the " stock " calendar . apk and calendarprovider . apk on the device . you will have to have root to do this since these files are in /system/app .
try using jorte . it offers several different views ( daily , weekly , monthly , agenda , tasks , etc . , and several different widgets for the different views . the widgets come in several different sizes too .
no , you can not install a rom on a different device than the one it was compiled for . even devices based on the same soc usually need differently configured rom files , let alone ones based on different socs such as these two .
by default , email attachments and browser downloads are stored at : /sdcard/download  can also be identified by some file managers as : /HWUserData/download  if the device does not have a user-replaceable sd card the location should be : /mnt/sdcard/Download  some apps may have their own default location , or save to appropriated locations based on the file extension .
no . such list could never be exhaustive as all the developers who got booted would need to collaborate to it . most warez markets do not exclusively deal with banned apps either , they usually host free and paid apps available in play store as well . for the record the term " apps that google does not like " is quite misleading . it is usually carriers or another external force that ask for removal of apps .
immediately back-up all pictures to your computer , because i think the sd card is failing . if it is internal memory , are the pictures instantly empty ? or are they empty after a while ? can you also state your make and model ?
i believe the solution is the same as in my answer here : try different button combinations to get into download mode , then try the update . if the update does not work in download mode try again from the phone 's normal booted-up state .
link2sd only moves the app itself to your device 's sdcard . app data still go to internal storage ( /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . for every app you install , the android system automatically creates this directory – and i do not know of any app that does not put at least a few files here . for details , please take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki . it not only explains the different app2sd approaches taken ( including link2sd ) , but in " extended methods " also holds hints for a possible solution to your problem ( s2e ) .
1 ) rom manager is the de facto app to do two specific things : 1 ) install a custom recovery 2 ) install a custom rom ( or kernels . check out chevyno1s kernels for the droid ) . you need to not worry about any permission problems with this application as pretty much every rooted person uses it . it is also an application provided by koush , who is a well known hacker in the android community ( he ported cyanogenmod to the droid ) . 2 ) you do not have to have a custom rom to do a nandroid backup . but you do need a custom recovery . download rom manager . flash " clockworkmod recovery " . then open up rom manager again . then under " backup and restore " do " backup current rom " . this will run a nandroid backup of your phone . do this asap . it is very important to have a backup of your phone right after you just rooted it in case you ever need to restore your phone back to this state . a nandroid backup is like taking a full image/snapshot of your phone . with a nandroid backup in hand , you can then experiment with custom roms ( or anything , really ) with a safety net of being able to go back to the way your phone was . you can also perform a nandroid backup by going into your recovery when you boot your phone ( press and hold x on the droid when powering on until you get the yellow triangle exclamation point , then press the camera and volume up buttons to get the menu to show up ) . 3 ) nandroid is the best to restore your phone to a previous state . i highly recommend titanium backup if you plan on switching to a custom rom or ever plan on wiping and reloading your phone ( or if you need to re-install an app but need to keep its data ) . titanium backup will let you backup specific apps ( and their data , only root users can do this ! ) and restore them . so you could backup all of your apps on stock android , install cyanogenmod , and then use titanium backup to restore all of your apps and their data . please see these other questions about how do i root my phone , and i have rooted my phone , now what ?
technically , as a root user , you can achieve every exclusive thing what a custom rom offers . but , its not always as easy as replacing home launcher . what if you need to replace kernel for better overclocking support . . . a custom rom is actually pre-cooked out-of-box firmware packaging ( with specialized feature ) . remember , popular custom roms ( like cyanogen mod ) are generally backed by an expert developers team or community . so , even if you have expertise of doing every such things in your rooted device , its very difficult to match a team or community . and , do not forget those nasty bugs and security loopholes . . . the main advantage of custom roms : those who have expertise of doing everything with rooted device , generally cook their own rom . it is because custom roms can be deployed to multiple devices . think how you would port your customizations to other devices . . . its a big hassle than cooking own rom .
i have noticed in various roms some features which i have never seen implemented in applications ( not as smoothly ) . some concrete examples : whisper systems has a rom that implements " selective permissions " , which supply " blocked " applications with dummy data if a permission is denied . it also has " full disk encryption for your phone " which encrypts the whole device partition . cyanogenmod also has something like that implemented at the core , but an application can do almost the same . i have seen mods that add options to the menu that shows when the power button is pressed ( reboot , reboot in recovery , data transfer , . . . ) . this , i guess , can not be done with an app . better overclocking support , although it can be done with an app but does not support all devices after all . . . boot animation is often changed/removed with custom roms . customized notifications bar ( transparent or not , more or less options , different icons near the clock , . . . ) and ui ( dialogs for example and other form elements , etc . ) customized unlock screens , screen on/off animations , . . . this what i have seen so far . edit to my surprise , as @sachinshekhar pointed out in the comments , all this can be achieved with applications , so disregard this answer , i am leaving it for further reference , if someone turned out to not know about all this . . . ( like me )
two major cons to simply using a different launcher vs . a whole new rom : custom roms often offer a later version of android than is available for your device from a manufacturer or carrier . no amount of launchers will give you the newer functionality of latest os versions . very often removing manufacturer/carrier " bloat " is not as easy as deleting some apks from /system/app directory . in cases of custom uis such as samsung 's touchwiz , or motorola 's blur , or htc 's sense , many of their apps which replace stock core functions ( e . g . phone/dialer , contacts , etc . ) are interwoven with the system and each other in such a way that simply removing them may cause crashes or other system instabilities . installing 3rd-party replacements does not resolve anything , since these apps are always running in the background , using up valuable resources .
try the app screen filter , it does just what you need with no extra hassle .
you will need apps like tasker or locale to perform the sort of action you want .
alternatively you can mount it in terminal : mkdir /data/local/usbstick &amp;&amp; mount - t ext4 /dev/block/sda1 /data/local/usbstick  then you can execute .
yes , it works . you need to root and install the stickmount app . source .
flashtool has been updated and is hovering near the 1.0 milestone , dated 5th june 2013 , presumably its updated . that aside , the .ftf image is either corrupted or the incorrect SIN header was accidentally linked in , intending for another xperia device .
the spec sheet lists compatibility as " wireless internet wifi 802.11 b/g/n , wifi direct " . if it has a 5 ghz radio , it should list a /b/g/n . despite this , there are plenty of discussions around the net about getting the galaxy tab to work on a 5 ghz ap , so your problem may be something else .
possible answer ( untest ) galaxy tab 2 - 5ghz wifi support ? q . can anyone please confirm ? seems strange a new device does not support 5ghz ? a . if it is the same as the tab ver 1 it only works if the router is on a low channel in the 5400 mhz range . . . use 36 . . . the high channels at 5700 mhz do not work . [ more authorative later , i only bought my galaxy tab 2 ( 7.0 ) yesterday . ] update tested with router 5mhz set to channel 36 . still unable to connect .
this depends on the screen technology . for instance , ( it was said that ) android 2.3 gingerbread has dark theme since google 's latest flagship device nexus s uses ( super ) amoled display which consumes less energy when displaying dark color since amoled produces its own light and darker color emits less photons . contrasts with lcd display which uses a backlight ( a fixed number of photons ) and the lcd crystals filters those colors it needs . the crystals on an lcd displays though , actually consume slightly less power when displaying white since it takes more power to strain the crystal to block more light . screen color does not affect the backlighting . there are certain display technologies in tvs that tries to give dynamic backlighting by dimming the screen when displaying darker image . i am not aware of any device that actually ships with that type of screen though .
on oled , amoled and super amoled screens : yes lcd screens : no
hey , i just ran a load of test to figure this out . they are vaguely scientific tests ! i figured out that i was saving 20% battery by switching to dark wallpaper and dark themed apps . have a look through my write up , you should be able to work out the saving on your phone : http://blog.stevemould.com/phone-battery-save-black-wallpaper/
if your screen has an older standard lcd then this does not help at all . the backlight is still shining behind all those darkened pixels . you just can not see it . if you have oled , amoled , super amoled , led lcd , or i think even plasma then it does help to darken the screen because the light is generated specifically where it is needed . btw there are fire fox plugins that reformat whatever page you are on to be dark . i do not remember the names , but i needed it when i was living in a studio apartment with my girlfriend and i was up all night on my computer while she was trying to sleep 20 feet away in the same room .
a xda thread speaks about rooting micromax a87 ninja which seems to be quite easy and broken into following easy steps : preparation of computer which includes downloading jdk , sdk , adb driver and one click tool to root . connect the phone and run the root tool . i am skipping on rest of the details as the xda thread enumerates its details .
while playing around with the inf files , i found that the one supplied by sony actually does work , you only need to " force " windows to use it for your device . i am not sure if that has anything to do with the unsigned nature of the driver or that windows cannot verify that the driver is compatible ( see below ) , but it simply does not seem to accept the driver with sony 's inf automatically . i order to install the driver , i did the following : in the device manager , right-click on the S1Boot Fastboot entry and select Update Driver Software , then Browse my computer for driver software and Let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer . select Show All Devices , then Next . click Have Disk... and then Browse... to the android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver directory . then the Model list is populated with three entries , select the one called Android Bootloader Interface and click Next . click Yes on the Update Driver Warning message mentioning that windows cannot verify compatibility of the driver with the device . click Install this driver software anyway on the Windows Security message saying that windows can not verify the publisher of this driver software . after that , i was able to run fastboot commands on my device ( i only tried devices and reboot so far ) . on a side note , i found it interesting that you actually do not need any specific driver binaries such as dlls from sony and that the drivers supplied with the android sdk seem to be sufficient , except for the inf entries with the correct device ids .
i had the same trouble with my xperia z just 2 days ago , but the i found the flashtool-drivers package . this included drivers for several xperia devices , and i think for zr too . the download can be found here , and the post that lead me there is this one . i trusted this package since it is by a recognized member of xda , doomlord .
i would suggest reporting the issue on the andless issue tracker . i did not see anything that relates to exactly what you mention but the developers may know what your issue is or they can correct it .
what clockworkmod does is a so called nandroid backup . basically , this contains an image for each of the file systems of the device ( i.e. . one image per file system ) -- and thus it is a full backup/"image snapshot " . the format of the snapshot might differ and depend on the device and clockworkmod version being used ; for my motorola milestone 2 most of the file systems seem to be captured as yaffs2 image , i.e. the image uses the same file system used on the device . so it is comparable with using dd on unix/linux ( see wikipedia ) , at least in my case . newer versions of clockworkmod recovery ( 6.0 and up ) also do " incremental updates " to save space on the backup medium and allow for faster backup ( see e.g. this techiebuzz . com article ) . for this , you might also want to check our question how can i tell cwm to perform a full backup instead of an incremental backup ? more details you can also find by following the clockworkmod tag .
cwm backups are full system backups , so they restore it to exactly how it was when you took a backup . everything including apps , settings , preferences , even call log is saved . you do not have to flash the rom before restoring a backup . the backup files contain a boot . img and system . img that have the rom , kernel etc in it . when moving to another rom , you might also want to take a backup of all your apps and app data with titanium backup , this is helpful to restore them on the new rom . if you flashed a new rom without using titanium backup , do not panic , app extractor can extract apps and data from a cwm backup . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handyandy.appextractor my usual flash routine is : backup with titanium , sync all data on wifi , backup sms , reboot to recovery , do cwm backup and then wipe , flash new rom , reboot and restore apps , and sync . hope it helps !
mybe this can help you : http://androidtrix.wordpress.com/2013/11/05/tasker-spotify-plug-load-and-play/ greetings
maybe . . . wavecontrol says it can control spotify and has tasker integration . i am not a spotify user , though , and it is much too late to check it out right now .
do not ask me how , but this worked for me : installed spotify , iheart and poweramp . disabled bt control for poweramp . disabled google play music . google now still works normally . using the action box extension , i stop all music by playing a 1 second mp3 of silence in poweramp . tasker 's play and next actions work fine with spotify or iheart . i have not figured how the phone decides which one to start . but i do not care :- ) hth
yes it is possible , but using tasker 's built in media control next will not work . for the action you need to use script --> run shell , and as the command enter " input keyevent 87" without quotes . this is the android api : https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html#keycode_media_next
i use bluetooth file transfer app . its worked really well to send file to my computer . you can check multiple files to send at the same time and this has worked well for me . it also works well to send file back and forth between two phones if they both have it installed .
itunes and windows media player encode album art into the song file 's metadata . googly play music uses an ' old hat ' method for adding album art . linux or winamp users know about this . in your album directory drop the image of the album in the directory and rename as " albumart . png " or " albumart.jpg " . ( note the capitalization ) . google play music should pick it up , if not the artwork may not have fully synced . try resetting your droid and it should re-sync . : )
samsung galaxy s2 partitions with usefull data are /data and /sdcard ( internal memory ) or /emmc depending on the recovery . to mount a partition , you issue the following command : mount &lt;partition&gt; &lt;mount_point&gt; or mount &lt;mount_point&gt; if the mount_point is already defined . for /data or /sdcard , you can try with mount /data and mount /sdcard . if the mount_point is not already defined , you would have to use the partition : mount /dev/block/mmcblk0p10 /data . the -o parameter defines the options when calling mount , but since you only want to get all the data ( read ) , the default options would sufice .
try this : $ adb shell $ su # mount -o rw,remount /system 
ls -l /dev/block/platform/dw_mmc/by-name/  to find the path to user data partition . then mount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p10 /data  check the correct file system type as well as mmcblkXpXX from first command . if successful , /data should be mounted correctly
on my device ( samsung galaxy s3 with jelly bean 4.1 ) i could change this by setting the " size to retrieve emails " to the minimum ( 2kb here ) on the account settings in the email app .
i would try clearing the data for it . do so via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and finding voice search ( or the relevant app if you are using another ) under the all tab .
i believe it uses some kind of push messaging that does not trigger when you send the message . i believe that after you type a message the desktop gtalk , the ones sent from the phone show up too . am i right ?
the new google hangouts ( that replaces the talk app on android and is available as a chrome extension ) appears to resolve this issue . you can move freely between the android app and the desktop and continue the conversation , with the full chat history visible . hangouts is not quite a separate application on the desktop , as it is installed as a chrome extension , but it uses the chrome api and runs as a background app ( when chrome is not running ) and appears as an icon in the system tray ( optional ) . i have only just started using it and reviews are mixed , but it seems pretty good so far . incidentally , you do need to be using " hangouts " on all devices . i first updated the android talk app ( the " talk " app is replaced with " hangouts" ) . whilst this communicated ok with a remote user on gtalk , i still had the issue of the local gtalk desktop client not being updated .
i do not know about rooting your device , but i can help with getting your device to be recognised by your computer . exact instructions will depend on what os you are running , but basically you need to find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to type this on the command line to get it to work after you do this : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now running this should show you your device adb devices 
microusb ports on phones are delicate and can be prone to losing a proper connection to the power on the circuit board if you are not ultra careful about making sure to not stress the connection point ( like having the phone plugged in and the cable is taut ) . my wife has already gone through 2 phones and a laptop due to using them while the power plug is stretched and basically over time causing the power connection to come off the circuit board . this sounds like the issue you are having and the only solutions are if you take the phone apart and re-solder the loose connection ( requires ultra fine soldering skills ) or take it in for repair and they will likely have to replace the mainboard .
open your car charger and at the back of the usb socket solder together the two middle contacts . these are the d- and d+ signals . most galaxy phones do not like an open circuit there , so now you have made a nice loop . info : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_serial_bus
the reason can be find in appbrain faq : 4 . i cannot find some apps , what is going on ? it always says " the requested item could not be found " . appbrain lists applications that are available in the us that are available for android version 1.6 and up for devices with a normal screen size . developers can restrict availability of apps by country , android version and screen size . this means that if you are not in the usa , have a device with a small screen size ( for instance the htc wildfire or tattoo ) , or when you are not on the latest version of android , you may often get the " not found " message from the android market . so , to give you an example , i am a developer and published an app on android market , that is restricted to france and germany , so users from those country will find it on android market , but not on appbrain , who lists only us applications .
this version of google talk can be downloaded from http://goo-inside.me/gapps/ . the current version is gapps-gb-20110828-newtalk-signed . zip . details can be found in rootzwiki at http://wiki.rootzwiki.com/index.php/google_apps#google_talk_with_video.2fvoice_chat
try my voice reminder . its a free app . do not know if it supports ics .
you can try https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.seifsoft.togglepanel it is pretty and quite customizable . you can always flash another rom , but togglepanel is a viable ( in my opinion ) alternative .
stock roms for some handsets from some manufacturers actually include such a widget . for example , samsung 's touchwiz overlay provides a similar looking functionality , although not as configurable or flexible as the one from cyanogenmod rom . for other stock roms that do not have this feature built-in , 3rd-party apps ( like the one you already tried ) are the only options . even if your device is rooted , porting this widget from cm is not an easy task , since it heavily relies on changes to android framework and other core services that are specific to cm . in other words , by the time you are done porting all the prerequisites , you had end up running cm anyways .
settings > lock screen > lock screen widgets > personal message/personal information . that should be what you are looking for if i understand correctly .
there is an important distinction to be made : android in its stock form , and samsung 's version of android , with the touchwiz framework . the touchwiz functionality for the eyeball recognition works with only with apps ' native ' to samsungs touchwiz version of android . apps like samsung sms , samsung internet , samsung gallery etc . air gestures can be ported to 3rd party apps , flipboard is an example of this . fore the eye recognitions stuff , like smart scroll etc . the app needs to be embedded in touchwiz . however , the ' keep screen on ' functionality works over apps , so the screen should not lock while gaming etc . after looking into this myself , i havn't found any xposed or other modules to override this for root users . also , on the s4 google edition ( running almost 1 stock android ) there is no eyeball recognition whatsoever , and cannot be implemented . also , from a developer 's point of view it , even if it was possible to access this functionality , would it be worth implementing it for only one device , and not being accessible on any other phone ? it is a good idea in a way , but i do not see it expanding for a while , until other oems decide on similar tech perhaps . 1 techincally the touchwiz framework is there to enable the s-view cover . on the htc one google edition htc sense is there to allow beats audio to be built in .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
as i noted in your other thread , your best bet is probably to manually set a web proxy server via the devices network settings that filters by keyword or whitelists . even if they do go to another person 's house or try to get on another network , they will be unable to browse ( especially if you are hosting the proxy server yourself on your own network ; in that case , they most likely will not be able to browse to anything at all ) . from wikipedia : in computer networks , a proxy server is a server ( a computer system or an application ) that acts as an intermediary for requests from clients seeking resources from other servers . a client connects to the proxy server , requesting some service , such as a file , connection , web page , or other resource available from a different server . the proxy server evaluates the request according to its filtering rules . for example , it may filter traffic by ip address or protocol . if the request is validated by the filter , the proxy provides the resource by connecting to the relevant server and requesting the service on behalf of the client . a proxy server may optionally alter the client 's request or the server 's response , and sometimes it may serve the request without contacting the specified server . in this case , it ' caches ' responses from the remote server , and returns subsequent requests for the same content directly .
this is not really manageable from a technical perspective ( you could go some way towards it by sorting out your own firmware , using something like cyanogen ) as we often point out over on security . stackexchange . com once an attacker ( in this case , your children ) have a device , they control it . so , my alternate course of action would be as detailed in this question over on parenting stackexchange - start off with visibility , using the devices together , and education - that will go much further towards making your children safe than any technical control you can implement . what i have done with my 3 ( now 5 , 9 and 11 ) was let them use computers in the main room while we were there ( aged 3 - 5 ) and then unsupervised until about 8 ( but knowing we would be walking in and out ) and over 8 year 's old i trust them not to be stupid . it helps that their dad is a security and privacy specialist who often provides awareness training in this area :- )
use opendns on your router at home . as long as they are accessing the internet from home then you can whitelist or greatly restrict what sites they can visit . i use opendns currently to restrict my children 's access with the browser on their nintendo 3ds . since it is at the router level it does not require any support at the device level . if they are accessing wifi outside the house then there is not much you can do - for example at the library . but they could just as easily use an unrestricted computer at the library instead of the restricted tablet . if you can remove the app store from the device , and then just manually install the apps you want them to use , that is probably the best way to go . you will be pretty close to a walled garden . additionally i would suggest you perform an " audit " on the devices weekly or at least regularly . check out what is installed , and look for any worrying activity , or lack of normal activity . also use that as a chance to talk to the kids about the devices and see if there are new apps they want you to get for them . if you install a new game or something every time you audit their tablets then they will be looking forward to it ! actual communication generally trumps technology .
the overall outlook is not so great for you , afaik . the market has content filtering , check the settings in the market app . for the browser , that is a wholly different kettle of fish . the built-in browser does not have any kind of filtering available . 3rd party browsers might , but they will be trivial to sidestep ( by simply opening the built-in browser ) . the next best thing you can do is filter the tablets at the router , if it allows for that . however , that is only useful when they are at home ( or other places where you can control their internet connection ) .
try using surelock and surefox . they will lock it down and give you a white list provisioning .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
regarding if the super amoled is inferior : android update 2.3.3 introduced a color temperature correction , which many users complain turned their screen color " ugly and yellowish " http://www.androidcentral.com/nexus-s-233-update-bringing-unwanted-screen-issues . the color change appears to still be present in the newer 2.3.4 update , and some have begun to suspect that the fact that not everyone is seeing this color change , may be related to which screen the phone has ; with the superamoled being associated with the yellowish color and the lcd not having the yellowish color .
droidwall is what you want ! it allows you to control which apps can and cannot access the internet , and the new version ( the one i linked ) enables data types , so you can allow an app to access the internet all the time , just on 3g , just on wifi , or never .
unfortunately that is left up to the applications themselves and as we have seen not all apps have been designed to that level of user friendliness . i have seen it in some app ex . " only sync when on wifi " or " what time would you like to sync " . you could try to use an application like tasker to turn your 3g off and on at different times . i know i run my phone at max battery saver mode with turns data off after 15 minutes . which helps a little .
i believe opera ( either mini or mobile ) compresses data on their servers before sending it to your phone , so that would use less bandwidth than uncompressed data . otherwise there is not much you can do , any good browser downloads exactly what the website tells it to and nothing more . the droidwall app might provide some of the functionality you want . i am not sure if it allows different profiles for wi-fi vs 3g .
in ics and above , there is a data-limiter that can be used to restrict/throttle the data coming out of the handset ( settings > data usage ) , have a look at this to see how it works . but if you are on gb or earlier - maybe watchdog 3g would be a better bet fit for your needs .
the clock do not have a specific name , although if i do need to mention them specifically , since the top bar is usually called the notification bar or status bar , i would probably call them notification bar clock or status bar clock .
you may have root , but that is not a root shell ( as evidenced by the $ prompt ) . you need to use su to switch to root before you can use mount . since the default target is the root uid , you can simply enter su and it should properly switch to root ( a # prompt ) . i think the reason it is failing is simply because you are running it as an underprivileged user .
you are not specifying the device to mount , only the directory so it is telling you that you are missing one of the required parameters . i believe that the busybox mount will let you get away with not supplying the device , if it can figure out the device to mount , but the " stock " mount requires that you supply both the directory and the device . you would have to do the following : # mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system or you could try the busybox mount # busybox mount -o remount,rw /system but you should always supply the device to mount , so there is no confusion or issue with mounting the wrong device .
i am assuming you are on a rooted device . use your preferred file explorer to browse to : /system/app there should be two apk files . one the calendar app ( calendar . apk ) and the other calendarprovider . apk . the second apk provides proper synchronization between the google account and the actual calendar application which is probably missing or not working . you should be able to find a replacement apk for your specific device and rom on xda .
try adding a new google account , preferably via mobile data instead of wi-fi . it should restore the calendar sync option .
this is just a guess , but it may be for certain variants of the device that go to countries covered by u.s. munitions export regulations . strong encryption counts as a munition for the purpose of the regulations , so this feature might have been left out to allow the device to be sold in such countries . even if the manufacturer is not from the u.s. , the android software comes from there , so it is still covered by the regulations .
have you tried using a third party app to get the contacts to pc ? here is an example https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.snappea , but there are more , pick one . install it using adb and then access your phone from pc . hope it helps .
if you do not use them , there is no point in updating them . the only benefit of updating would be that they will stop giving annoying reminders to update - at least until their next update . many of these bloatware/crapware additions can not be removed without rooting the phone . however , many of them will respond to a force stop after which they will not prompt you to update until you reboot your phone . the really annoying ones are those that restart after a force stop . most updates increase the amount of memory used by the app . leave them alone if you do not want them . in terms of security updates , if the app is not running then it is not a risk .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
my data manager is a free app available in the android market which will aid you in catering your needs . it will give you a detailed statistics of which app/service used how much data . edit : did not notice this was answered in the comments already .
it is on main drive of your phone ( at lest it was in my case ) , named something like . voice . 3ga just plug in your phone to pc , an run search for . 3ga file type . hope this helps .
how things currently work the android os uses a file to map the volume buttons in order to know what to do when they get pressed : the file : /system/usr/keylayout/gpio-keys.kl  contains two lines for the volume buttons : key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 114 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  they are not " orientation sensitive " , just like their physical position on the device . the issue you are facing , many other tablet owners face , that has to do with the logical position on the action . if we press the down part of the button , the volume should go down , but depending on the orientation , the down part actually raises the volume . i do believe that the device rotation should account for factors such as this , as to prevent users from having to " create " weird habits for a simple " lower the volume " action . but on the other hand , that is why the volume buttons on your tablet are punctuated by three raised dots for easy tactile recognition . possible solution for rooted devices since this buttons in order to be changed need to be altered at a " system level " , the action must be performed with root privileges on the device . while the following two solutions cannot deal with orientation-specific scenarios , they are useful to remap the buttons as to have them adjusted to the tablet orientation in which we get most confused about : application : buttonremapper - beta v0.2.4 tool to remap the hardware buttons . or better : a generic tool to edit the key layout map file android uses to map the keys . xda developers forum thread with extensive details by the author manual edit of the file : gpio-keys.kl: with a root file manager , travel to /system/usr/keylayout and long touch the file gpio-keys.kl ; from the pop up menu , select " properties" ; change the file permissions to rw-rw-rw- in order to be able to alter its contents ; after having the new permissions , open the file with a text editor ; search within the file for the following two lines : key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 114 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  update the lines by swapping the key numbers so it becomes : key 114 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 115 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  save the changes and reboot your tablet . you should now have the actions of the volume up/down buttons toggled as they best fit your portrait orientation . to undo it , just reverse these directions . credits for the file edit solution are attributed to user jbeige from thriveforums . org . after reading your device manual , other tablet manuals and the specifications from the android os , this are the best solutions i was able find to work around your issue .
this feature is cooked into the rom , itself , so it will be entirely dependent on what the chef cooked into the rom . you can find roms such as cm9 and aokp that have various options for the volume rocker--- but forcing the rockers to stay static on devices like this where it changes is not one i have ever seen .
button savior is an application which will provide you on screen soft keys for all your device 's hard keys . though it requires rooted device , some features are claimed to be working with non-rooted devices . the paid version will allow you to customize the soft keys including its position . please give a try .
you probably do not have the version that includes a gsm modem . i guess you want to set up an ad-hoc local wifi network ? the non-gsm variants do not offer tethering options because there is obviously no point in tethering when the device lacks the functionality for a gsm mobile data connection . alas , some rarer use cases like set up a local wifi accesspoint without internet access or usb-tethering the wifi connection are also not possible then . only rooted devices or 3rd party firmwares like cyanogenmod offers this .
workaround : i am pretty sure got fixed after i enabled and disabled " mobile hotspot " so while i am answering my own question , i will accept any answer that describes how to disable this faulty behavior
using a root explorer application , navigate to /system/etc and delete anything that is named hosts including any backups , then restart the device . you may also need to clear the facebook app data as well .
go to the applications menu in settings -- at least that what i think it is called on gingerbread , on on ics it is just apps -- select the facebook app and clear the cache as well as the data . then go to the /Android folder on your sd card and delete anything starting with com.facebook . finally , reboot your phone . if your problem was related to the facebook app it should now be fixed .
you could use an " http get " action to query the site . the response code sent back by the website is stored in the %httpr variable . so %httpr = 200 means the site loaded sucessfully . you can then make the rest of your task conditional on that variable , eg . if %httpr = 200 then go home ( or however you are " closing " dolphin ) . i know that %httpr is dependent on the mime type of the http get request so you will have to tweak that a bit , and you may choose to look for different response codes to trigger different actions . there is probably other ways to do it but it would depend on the site you are trying to reach .
unless you wipe all your data before the update , you do not need to reinstall applications or restore application data . but when flashing a completely different new rom , it is recommended to do a full wipe before proceed . further more , if you are planing to do a full wipe you can use a application like my backup pro or titanium backup to back up all your applications and data .
hold down the task manager button and it will show the application menu .
i would suggest using iptables . you can find more about theme here - definitely take a look into simple usage example . https://help.ubuntu.com/community/internet/connectionsharing the only one problem is that iptables binary is not really built-in into android . but hey , they came up with solution already http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=444004 so you can even use the example from ubuntu help now !
i found a solution to the initial problem . it seems that this is a common bug and in the software since at least anroid 4.2 . there is an application in the play store that does nothing but reacting to the bluetooth button and starting the voice recognition : voice command when i push the button , i have to select what app to start , i chose " voice command " after that i am asked again and chose " google now " and then it starts directly in the voice recognition mode . i do not know yet if it gets the commands over bluetooth or over the built in mic but it stops the music and starts the recognition . this works at least with my phone ( nexus 5 , 32gb android 4.4.2 all settings to german and my car radio ( jvc . . . ) )
just disconnect your network , and try again . its a network gateway error id .
according to the list of status codes at wikipedia , a 504 error means the following : 504 gateway timeout the server was acting as a gateway or proxy and did not receive a timely response from the upstream server . in other words : the culprit should neither be ( on ) your device , nor ( at ) google play -- but in between . a thread on the nook forum describes the very same problem , and one of the conclusions there is : generally , that means a gateway error and i would suspect the problem being on the router end rather than the nook side . sometimes a router reset will cure it . which corresponds to my conclusion . so if you are using mobile data , it might help to switch data off and on again ( or better : switch to airplane mode and back ) , in the hope you will get a connection into a different segment of your provider 's network ( and thus a different gateway on that end ) . funnily , the very same issue comes to a very different conclusion on yahoo answers : here the user had not enough space on his device , so after removing some other app it suddenly worked . i suspect this was a co-incidence ( when he tried again after having freed up space , the gateway was " fixed" ) -- but it cannot hurt to check for that . several more sulutions might pop up with the time . to me it proved helpful to search google for '"google play " " error 504"' .
setting the phone into airplane mode and back did the trick for me . so it most likely was indeed the gateway issue . tip though . dont just turn it on then off . wait about 60 seconds before you turn airplane mode off again . if you just toggle it , it picks up the same gateway .
try resetting the play store app . you will not lose your apps following these steps . nothing important will be lost . steps to follow on a motorola xoom go to the app drawer ( menu ) tap settings tap applications tap the " all " tab scroll through and look for play store tap play store ( not play store services ! ) tap " clear data " you will then get a warning , click " ok " that is it , go through your problem again and see if it fixed . bear in mind you will have to re-accept the terms and conditions for the play store app , when this comes up , simply click " accept "
you can hide all skype contacts in contacts to display settings .
using " bookmarks sort and backup " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.happydroid.bookmarks you can copy your bookmarks from the default android browser to your /mnt/sdcard/bookmarksb/ directory . the filename will include a datetimestamp so you can easily tell which file you just created . they are regular bookmarks . html formatted netscape bookmarks files that can be imported into any browser or viewed in any browser . you can view the file with any file explorer app by opening the folder bookmarksb ( /mnt/sdcard/bookmarksb/ ) then open the file you just created with browser or any other browser . one way to copy the created file to your pc : you can use an app such as " 3cx droid " -- http://market.android.com/details?id=net.xdevelop.rm -- to download the file from your tablet to your pc . invoke 3cx droid on tablet , open the url in a browser on your pc i.e. http://192.168.0.xxx:8080 then in file explorer within 3cx droid viewed on your pc , open the folder on the tablet select your file , then use ' download ' on the 3cs droid file explorer menu which will save your file on the downloads folder used by your browser , the shortcut to view your downloaded files is probably " ctrl+j " on your pc . open the html bookmarks file fwiw if you were to import into another android browser that cannot sort bookmarks you would want to sort bookmarks in your default browser in reverse order before you export . rearranging bookmarks one bookmark at a time would be very tedious . this is assuming that import inserts them one at a time at the top of your bookmarks instead of at the bottom .
if you do not want to muck about wirelessly , why not just take the sd card out of your phone and insert it into your pc ? you can then fiddle with files to your heart 's content .
install astro file manager with astro bluetooth module . go to networks page of astro file manager ( using toolbar ) and tap bluetooth icon . on next screen , turn on bluetooth and check OBEX FTP Server . after pairing , use bluetooth software on pc to browse file system of device ( almost all software work as obex ftp client ) . you can copy an entire folder from device to pc . done !
open bluetooth settings , go to shared folder tab , check box for ' allow remote devices to change content of shared folder ' . enjoy ridiculously fast file sharing .
yes , it is ok to flash stock rom from another country . but , take note that it may have different languages , and a different baseband/modem . having a different baseband can cause network issues ( or a very hot phone ) , but you can flash a baseband that works for your country .
replacing the screen is not really a job you can do yourself : it is very fiddly and usually needs special tools . you can take it to a repair shop and they can replace the screen ( if they have the replacement screen for your model of phone ) , but this is usually expensive . because the screen is one of the most expensive components of the phone , and labour costs are expensive , replacing the screen might cost as much as replacing the whole phone . you do not know what else might have been damaged by hitting that concrete . if the broken screen is the only damage , then replacing it will make the phone work again . but if the phone 's internal components have been damaged too , it may not be possible to replace them . the repair shop should be able to tell you when they have examined the phone .
the samsung galaxy siii does not have fastboot mode , unfortunately . instead there is a " download " mode for flashing with a proprietary windows/mac app called odin . ( source )
i have ended up installing mobile odin and just performing a recovery with the clockwork mod if the kernel kills the phone ( which is all i have managed to do so far ) thanks for your help
i suggest you ask carrier reps in the area you are concerned about , as i am not aware of another way to get the information you are asking for . as others have mentioned , there are many factors that go into how well a phone will pick up , let alone how it will pick up in a certain area/location . i used to work for verizon and this was a question we got a lot . what i can tell is that , at least for the location i worked at , we knew which phones picked up well and which ones did not . if we had customers that lived in the country/rural area there were certain phones we would try to steer them away from . however , if the customer was not going to be in the country then that same phone may have been fine . of course , as new phones launched we would eventually learn how they performed in different areas , so the information was constantly evolving . having to help technologically challenged customers troubleshoot signal issues was a great incentive to learn which phones worked the best ! certain phones gained reputations for being great or horrible when it came to signal . you did not want to sell an elderly customer a phone with bad reception unless you wanted them to pay you many angry visits in the near future ! all that is to say that you should spend some time asking people in the area who sell phones . i personally try not to venture into carrier stores too much , but this is one area where you may be able to get some help from carrier reps . dealing with as many phones as they do they are in a unique position to know which ones work the best in their area .
on android 2.1 eclair , one can turn these clicks off by navigating to settings > sound and display : scroll down to audible touch tones and audible selection and uncheck both options . hopefully , there are similar options on your sgs .
it is in the app folder google . shame on you samsung for not making the difference between folders and apps obvious . well the folders look like this :
try voicebutton . you can download it here dowload voicebutton
the only way to achieve this is to port over the old keyboard from an older device . this might break stuff , and probably is not the safest bet . you could install multiling keyboard and have a voice button on your numpad . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klye.ime.latinhl=en
if you are running asop keyboard , and are on the num pad , you can press and hold the space bar to get the text imput method select . there you can choose google voice typing . esentially keyboard -> num key -> long press on space bar -> google voice input
internal memory is tricky as you need to be able to read the smasung galaxy internal memory , here 's a guide you i found for you : samsung galaxy data recovery
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
as john states in his answer , a factory-reset is sufficient in most cases . i doubt a service technician would take the effort required to restore the data from your storage – though it is definitely possible . what john had in mind , however , is true : if flash storage is really wiped , all data is gone from it . it would take a highly specialized forensics expert a long time to restore at least a part of it . so unless you have the secret formula for a longevity serum stored on your device , and your service technician knows that , it is definitly not worth the trouble . if you want to be on the absolute safe side , take a look at nuke my phone resp . nuke my tablet . these tools do not simply delete your data or wipe the storage once , but they overwrite it multiple times , then wiping it , and then finalize their work by a factory-reset . i very much doubt that a single file would be restorable after that procedure . btw : always think of your external sdcard , which might not be covered by the procedure . you should better remove that and keep it with you ; the service techs do not need it anyway .
unlike standard hard drives , once flash storage is erased , it is gone . all android devices ( at least to my knowledge ) should have flash storage . if you delete something , it would be next to impossible to recover it . a factory reset will erase all of your user data unless the device is rooted and you stored it somewhere else . if the device is running stock firmware and you do a factory reset , you should be good to go ! note : it is possible that your device will not do a secure erase of your personal data . if you want to be absolutely sure that the data cannot be recovered , you should make sure to do a secure erase . after a simple secure erase ( writing over the data with all 0 's ) the data should be gone forever .
yes . going into recovery , ( normally by booting your phone while holding volume up and power button ) should do the trick . while in recovery , you should see something like factory reset . use your volume rockers to go down the menu until that option is highlighted , then press the power button to select it . hope this helps --daniel
do you have any custom keyboards installed ? i have found that when i pair the external bluetooth keyboard ( tried two models ) the phone errors and reports you must change back to the standard samsung ime keyboard before the it will type . you can manually change the input method with the hot key inside any writing app , but the message will reappear and convert the keyboard back to samsung ime .
the samsing galaxy s series has a virtual surround , not a true surround . therefore there is no way to get multichannel audio out of the device , only analog stereo . source : phandroid , unleashthephones , intomobile
after investigating the question i linked above , i found the following page ( translating from germain ) , where the authors determined that the majority of common android apps they tested did not send passwords in the cleartext : http://www.heise.de/mobil/artikel/sicherheit-von-apps-fuer-android-und-iphone-1103681.html?artikelseite=6 turns out this is not as helpful as gathrawn 's answer above ; i did not understand the full ramifications of cookies .
if you use the android web browser to access any sites that you have logged into and that do not use an ssl encrypted page while you are browsing them , then you should be very paranoid . have a read up about the firesheep add-on to firefox , it uses the fact that on an open , unencrypted wifi connection anyone can listen to anyone else who is connected 's network traffic . it listens out for cookies that other people 's laptops and phones send out while they are browsing , grabs those cookies and lets you use them to log into a vast list of websites as that person . it does not need to capture login names or passwords , so it does not matter if you are careful about not entering your password into anything over an open connection . all it needs is your cookie and then it can log someone else into your facebook , or gmail , or twitter , amazon ( they can even place one-click orders on your behalf ) etc . boingboing has slightly more on what this demonstrates about web security . the scary thing is that firesheep does not do anything magic . it just makes a process that anyone could do ( listening to open wifi traffic , and spotting the interesting bits ) and makes it one-click easy .
the issue turned out to be the driver . i went onto samsung 's website and re-downloaded the usb driver and re-installed it . everything went fine .
on my android 4.3.1: open maps from your phone pull the menu select settings edit home or work
easier solution : click the button on the top left next that says " maps " select " my places " there is the button for " home " tap and hold to get the option to edit it
if you had like to do this on a desktop , you can go to maps . google . com , login with your google account and click My Places on the left . this shows your current home and work address along with a little location history , and you can find Edit under the dropdown menu next to each entry .
what about going to http://contacts.google.com , log in , and then edit the information about yourself  ? in particular , you can edit your postal address and indicate it as your home address .
i finally figured out how to do this and thought i would explain ( since it is not very obvious ) . open up google maps or latitude click on yourself ( the tag that shows your name , last update time , and city ) you should be able to click a Location history option with the history open , click the settings button in the lower right corner there are options to change your home and work addresses ! hope this helps someone in the future .
i had the same problem but did not see the described gui on my galaxy s3 . so here 's how i did it : opened up google maps if on the routes/navigation screen , hit the back button until you return to the default map view with a search bar up top . the search bar should have 2 icons on the right : one for routes/navigation , and one that looks like a user icon . click the user icon . the screen should now have your full name up top , your user image next to the number of reviews you have written , and directly below that , your home and work addresses . tap and hold on the address you want to edit . a new screen should appear with a search box up top , but there should be a home or work icon on the very left of the search box . simply type or search for your correct address and then hit " done . " alternate method again , open up google maps and hit the " back " button , if needed , to return to the default maps view . hit the " menu " button on your phone or just tap the little menu tab at the lower left corner . this should cause a menu to slide out from the left . tap the " settings " option and then tap " edit home or work " . then simply tap on the one you want to edit .
no , you cannot restore your text messages even if you know the phone number . if you did not backup your phone with gmail , you can not get the backup because the text message are stored in phone 's memory or sim , not the sd . so , i think it is possible to get them back .
yes , its possible , from your desktop pc , go to play store , and install androidlost remotely to your handset . at this point , a caveat emptor is needed : provided you have 3g data switched on , it will remotely install on to the handset and also there is sufficient battery power read the starting page by visiting the main androidlost . send the text " androidlost register " ( without the quotes ) to your number of the handset that is stolen . there is a box in the upper right hand corner of the page , click on sign in , using your google account , if doing this for the first time , you will be prompted for androidlost to have permission to access your google account , as they are both tied into it together . the message will appear - " waiting for phone to be registered . " , please be patient . wait for a while , sign out and sign back in , eventually , from there , you can remotely control the handset via that same website and fingers crossed it will have a happy ending . good luck : )
being that you get a t-mobile graphic then i would say yes you have a branded desire . having said that my father has a branded o2 desire and he has already received the froyo update ( today - monday ) . i too have an o2 branded desire , but i have not received froyo yet which i suspect is because i am on a business plan with o2 , whereas my father has a personal plan .
i think all that matters is which phone you have and which carrier you are on . updates are always pushed out by the carriers to their subscribers . so , vodaphone will send out the update to all desire 's on their network , including yours , and you will be good to go . if there is an issue when the time comes , then a quick call to your carrier should sort it out .
ok , i think the answer to your question is that pandora 's stream is never more than 64 kbps for mobile devices , whereas google music uses 320 kbps mp3s and there is no downsampling . that is 5 times the amount of data , assuming pandora does not use a better format than mp3 . since google music transcodes your files , i do not think you have much of an option here .
after new problems on other devices , i decided to reset my livebox . there is no problem anymore ! my phone can connect to the wifi : )
once a manufacturer abandons supporting the device , your only choice is rooting it , unlocking its bootloader ( if possible ) and installing custom roms . google only releases the android source code into aosp ( android open source project , ) and has no say whether or not the manufacturer or carrier will update a given device . the only exception is the nexus line of phones that are supported by google directly . as it stands , aosp cannot be built for any non-google device without major work . even though manufacturers and carriers are required to provide the source code , it is true only for the part of the os . they do not have to ( and rarely do ) provide sources for the proprietary drivers , which are necessary to build a completely working android version for a given device . the community developers usually use the drivers from older os versions , which greatly limits the upgrade potential . the drivers sometimes are reverse-engineered which gives a greater flexibility to developers . there also is an issue of locked down bootloaders on most new android phones and tablets , which limits the extent of the changes a custom rom can bring . most manufacturers and carriers lock bootloaders to prevent people from " bricking " their devices . there are ways to unlock/bypass such locks for many devices though . bottom line is that if you are looking for a device that will be supported the longest - your best choice is a nexus line . otherwise , i suggest looking at various online forums ( xda-developers or rootzwiki , for example ) to see if there is enough interest in your device from community developers to produce custom roms for it .
+1 to installing a custom rom . got my desire hd in january , was fed up with the bloatware so rooted and installed cyanogenmod around may time . while the manufacturer skins like sense are nice and all , custom roms allow a lot more customisation , andi guarantee i will be on ics before htc release an update ( if they even do )
as uri herrera commented , you will need to root your phone to be able to install custom firmware , and then install a community aftermarket firmware , like cyanogenmod . most likely the open source community will keep updating the firmware ( rom ) even after oem has lost interest . how to root : you can refer to a nice guide by lifehacker - most likely it can be easily done by connecting the device with usb , and using a windows program called superoneclick . how to install custom firmware : the easiest way is most likely to use the android program called rom manager . it is available from android market . the premium version will even notify when your custom rom gets updates , so it is easy to keep up to date .
the simple answer is yes there are usually multiple versions of each custom rom . if not the rom may be only usable on some devices . usually for each device model ( or group of very similar devices ) there is one custom rom version . the reason are the different hardware each device is equipped with . like in your desktop computer each component needs a suitable driver for being used . this starts with the display which sometimes even changes from model revision to revision and ends with wlan chip used . as space and memory are significant on a smartphone a custom rom only contains the drivers needed . another reason for having different custom roms are the different cell phone standards . you have devices built for gsm/umts and some are designed to work with cdma . the telephony stack has to be either the one or the other - again a reason for different roms .
rom here would mean firmware , which would be the android os in the device . and like robert has said , with varying hardware specifications across the devices , the rom needs to be modified to include the respective hardware drivers so that every functionality of the phone works fine . also not every phone may be supported by custom rom developers . forums like xda-developers . com may have more information about the rom 's available for your phone .
sometimes , when i send the same text to multiple people , if they are in a group chat on their iphone and add me , then i can see who is texting who ( or at least the numbers of the people ) . if i am holding a group chat in google hangouts i can see the people as well . otherwise . . . . there is not way to tell .
there is no way to tell , unless you are the sender , who it went to . a blank to address or the senders name in the to field are usual giveaways but they are not accurate as one that always send a bcc message to a single person . email on android devices generally does not allow you to even see the headers .
as of october 2012 , this is not supported . from tabletpcreview : the function only serves as a bookmark currently , meaning users can not share their list with others as " subtle " hints of future gifts . there does not seem to be any app in google play that deals with the wishlist either . perhaps the api for this is closed .
from what i have read this is a known " issue " with the s4 . when using pin security you can not change any lock screen widgets either . if i was sure that my fitbit flex would continue to work with the s4 i would have flashed cyanogenmod onto my s4 ( they have been producing nightly versions for the s4 for a couple of weeks now ) .
this is probably because the icon pack you installed does not have an icon for those apps . icon packs only include app icons for certain apps and clearly the one you have installed does not cover many common apps . if you download another icon pack you may find that includes more icons for the apps you have installed . another option would be to contact the developer of the icon pack you have installed and request that they include an icon for the extra apps . if the icon pack does include an icon for the app but for whatever reason it does not change , you can do this manually . long press on the app icon in the menu that appears , click on ' edit ' click on the icon in the popup you should then be able to see all available icons , from which you can select the one you wish to use for that app . this will change the icon everywhere within the launcher ( i.e. . app drawer and home screens ) .
it refers to anything that is peculiar to the android platform or its software stack , any behavior , quirk , style , or ui thingy characteristic of android .
the following are steps to follow in order to discover the app which might bug you . these below steps will also help you to find any application installed on your device is a bugging app or not . 1 . download the permission checker application from the play store . 2 . download any keyboard application which ever is reputed based on the ratings and which suits your needs . ( do not forget to read the privacy policy as most of the users never read is the big and important privacy policy , do not install any app with many one word reviews as these are normally suspicious ) 3 . later open the permission checker app and check what kind of permissions is the app requiring . in the app you will also get a brief 1-2 line description for the type of permission used by the application . if you see any irrelevant permission to the app or you find it suspicious then you can un-install it . last but not the least if you still do not understand the description given by the permission checker app then you can google the permission in your local language which shall give you the complete description . you can not completely avoid the privacy of your app as it also depends on the type of internet connection you are connected and the level of security it has ( i.e. . the wpa2-psk is the most preferred connection in terms of wireless but wep will still do the bit ) , if the device itself is bugged then your are possibly being eaves dropped .
the new way playstore lists permissions on install and update make it difficult at best to see what an app requests permissions for . while before that change , one saw at least those ( but still did not know what the app would do with them ) , now even that possibility is gone for good – except if you want to go to the website all the time to check manually . the rant aside : as thanh already pointed out , a keyboard app by definition has access to everything you type ( or would be useless otherwise ) , so there is pretty much no way from this approach . the only thing you could check for is one that does not request any network permissions . no absolute safety though , as it could use other means of transporting data from your device – so a little risk is always left . on my site there is a possibility to search for apps by permission , but the app list there is far from being complete ( my database has just a little more than 10.000 hand-selected apps recorded ) . a search for keyboard apps without the internet permission a.o. turned up multiling – an app which thanh already recommended to you , and which has support for vietnamese , and its sister-app multiling o keyboard requesting even less permissions ( just the basic ones a keyboard app must have : read and write the user dictionary , plus one harmless : vibrate ) . but be welcome to check for yourself !
you can not . a keyboard , by nature , is required to know everything you type , including your account credentials . your best bet is to select keyboard coming from top developers . my favorite ? multiling keyboard , supports multiple languages ( including vietnamese ) , highly customizable , the only keyboard i know of that does not require internet permission ( so the keyboard can not send what you are typing on the fly ) . some other popular keyboard that support vietnamese includes swiftkey ( free ) , swype ( paid ) . as for vietnamese products , laban is fine ( comes from vinagame i think ) , gotiengviet also was used by hundreds of thousands users without any incident .
qr codes have limitations on the amount of data that can be stored within them . if you are hitting these limitations then you may need to find workarounds such as making the qr code text a hyperlink to the long text you wish to display . for more information on the limitations of qr codes , see the " storage " section of the wikipedia article and its citations . this citation in particular will be very useful to you . look at version 40 of the standard in that table , as it has the highest capacity and will give you the absolute length limits .
try the graffiti handwriting app . there is a ( surprisingly short ) learning curve if you have not used a palm pda but it uses less screen estate than a keyboard , has " all " characters and , at least for me , allows faster typing .
have you tried hacker 's keyboard application ?
take a look at touchqode . it comes with a virtual keyboard specifically for programming .
make sure you have the official drivers installed from samsung.com, then reboot your device and pc and try again . you can also try putting it into download mode before using kies : remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . now you have set up your phone to connect to your computer correctly . from here on , it depends on which rom you wish to install . this is an excellent video tutorial that covers installing custom roms and rooting , and as said in the update , many roms with instructions can be found on xda . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help ! update : this is a method to install updates to your phone . as far as specific roms to install , xda and google can be very helpful . as soon as you find one you like , go for it : )
system apps can not be installed without root . only updates to existing system apps can be installed , and they do not actually reside in the /system partition ; the original app is kept there , which allows you to uninstall updates separately . so a factory reset will remove any updates , but not the original app .
yes , using airplane mode will reduce power drain , as the commentors have already answered . but this approach can not be considered call standby , because you will not receive calls . from the point of view of cellular operator , your phone behaves exactly as if shut down . switching to airplane mode shuts down the cellular connection , including voice and data , but it also turns off wi-fi and bluetooth . note that you can turn any of them on in airplane mode , but this will put extra load on the battery . except from radio , the major power consumer is the screen . actually , typically it uses much more power than all the radios together . if you want to keep running longer , set brightness to minimum , set " screen off " timeout to minimum , and avoid turning the screen too often . if you have an amoled device , e.g. galaxy nexus , the display power request depends on the actual brightness of the screen . if you choose a darker theme , or switch your book reader to " night mode " , you can reduce the battery drain . of all colors except black , red uses the least power . see description of a special app that boasts battery life improvement by applying color filter and adjusting the brightness : http://www.azzamtranslator.com/lux-auto-brightness-manual-or-auto-screen-brightness-adjustments-according-to-time-or-environment/ . note that airplane mode does not disable gps . gps is not running on its own , so disabling it in location settings will not effect the battery life , but if some app , like maps or camera decides to check your location too often , this may become very significant . without cellular or wi-fi , gps can actually need even more power , because it will not have the crude location estimate to begin from . other than that , any app that runs in background can wake the cpu up and consume more power . use a task manager to shut down applications that you do not need in your " standby " mode . this is especially important if you decide not to switch to airplane mode , because the apps in background can not usually do much if they do not have access to internet . if you choose not to switch to airplane mode , there are other things you should be aware of . turn off system synch and turn off cellular data . set "2g only " if this is available on your phone and on your network . shut down any unused background apps . do not wake the screen up too often . finally , android includes a nice utility ( in settings/battery ) that displays power consumption by different components of the system , in percent : many system tools available on the play store feature similar or improved versions of this monitor .
methods i know of : use a carrier/manufacturer tool such as odin for some samsung phones ( i have done this -- it is easily the most feasible method ) . it connects to the phone and writes to the phone storage when the phone is in download mode . a knowledgeable person could probably write their own tool as well . sign the update . zip file , so that the recovery/bootloader thinks its an official update . that is really the only way most phones can distinguish them ( not sure if an encrypted bootloader makes it harder ) . " has anyone actually done this ? " that i do not know -- it is probably incredibly difficult to fake , but realistically someone could gain access to the signing software . use a jig ( an electronic setup that connects directly to parts of the device ) to write directly to the storage . imagine the phone as a pc where the bios prevents writing to the hard drive -- if you do not boot up the computer , the bios can not interfere , so you could just take out the drive and write to it with something else . chips are just not as removable as drives , hence the jig . this would probably require custom software to do the writing , again possibly taken from the manufacturer . and if you do not overwrite the bootloader you might run into problems depending on what checks it does , i am not sure . at a previous job ( a phone manufacturer ) they used a similar tool to odin to replace the bootloader , sometimes with one that did not require the roms to be signed . access to a tool like that makes a lot of problems go away .
here 's a thought . block all incoming calls , except for ones with your gv number . set your gv cid to gv number , then use gv call screen function to tell who is calling . note , though , callers will only be asked for their name , if they call from a number not in your google contacts . as a side note , thinking of setting my fiance phone to this , as her sister will not use gv , thus eating up her minutes .
not blocking per se , but depending on your carrier you can have your regular number always forward to your google voicemail . some information here : http://www.google.com/support/voice/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=164652 and here : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/voice/thread?tid=00a93855af6943b4
i suppose one way to do this would be with a general call blocking app . i use mr . number call block on my phone , and you could set it up with the following rules : block all calls add your gv number as an exception to the blocking rule that should allow you to basically block all calls that do not originate from you gv number . the downside to this would be that blocked calls would not get forwarded through gv 's call service , but rather would get sent to voicemail ( or you could choose to have it automatically answer-> hang up to block the calls completely ) . for outgoing calls you should just be able to use the settings in the gv app . my evo has an option do use gv for all outgoing calls , though i am not sure if other phones do , to be honest .
it sounds to me like a syncing problem of some kind . i have on occasion read examples of people having different sync problems with the droid 2 . if all your sync settings are set correctly as i outlined in the comments above and you are still having problems you can try the following . some of them involve setting up and using another google account . im not recommending that you abandon your google account , they are just steps to finding the problem . you can always switch back later : clear the calendar 's data . . . from the home screen : Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar - click " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar Storage - click " force stop " then " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar - click " force stop " then " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . now open the calendar . you may need to set it up again . if that does not work then move on to . . . add a second google account . . . from the home screen go to Menu &gt; Setttings &gt; Accounts &amp; Sync and choose " add new account " and go through the steps to add another google account and then sync that accounts calendar . see if that one can reliably work . also , see if your original calendar is working right now . now try removing the 2nd account and see if the original is working . if that does not work then . . . reset the primary google account . . . check out this post . first try resetting it and using the same info , then try changing it to a different google account . if that does not work . . . reset back to the factory state . . . perform a hard reset then set everything up from scratch . i do not really know what else to do if that does not work . alternative calendars . . . for alternative calendars i have tried touch calendar and pocket informant . i have not tested them extensively but i have not seen any problems . that being said , i do not have any problems with the native calendar . also , i have read that users do experience sync problems with both of those apps so i think it is going to be a matter of trial and error for you to find an alternative that works .
go to wi-fi settings first forget the network in " advanced " settings choose " static ip " enter following ip adress= ( ipv4 address , ten digit number , when entering put different last digit ) gateway= ( ipv4 default gateway ) netmask= 255.255.255.0 dns 1= 208.67.222.222 dns 2= 208.67.220.220 use a computer connected to the network/router to find ipv4 address/gateway http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipcq8slo7ly
finally i found a solution for this . when i was stuck on obtaining ip address i was using static ip using google dns 8.8.8.8 today i was trying to install android on my pc ( vmware ) and i found something in there and tried the same trick on my tablet and voila it worked . so i do not know who solved this trick but i want to share my solution here . which is /etc/init.sh or init.goldfish.sh edit this file using any text editor using root permissions . add these lines netcfg eth0 up ( activates the network interface ) netcfg eth0 dhcp ( network interface gets an ip address from dhcp ) setprop net.dns1 8.8.8.8 ( set the google dns server )
here are the details for us non-nerdy guys with a belkin router that usually has an ip of 192.168.2.1 ; others differ like 192.168.1.2 , etc . settings wi-fi hold down desired wi-fi network in advanced settings , put check mark into box change ip from dhcp to static scroll down and set for ip : 192.168.2.55 or 56 57 58 59 , etc . scroll down and set for gateway : 192.168.2.1 scroll down and set for prefetch : 11 ( usually 24 ) scroll down and set for dns 1: 208.67.222.222 scroll down and set for dns 2 . 208.67.220.220 click save
" obtaining ip address " message means that your device has automatically reconnected to the ap . most likely than not the problem is on the pc side .
after flashing please wipe data cache and dalvic cache .
the good new is your phone is not bricked , so yes , you can still fix it . just enter download mode again and flash with odin one more time . to enter download mode you have to : power off your phone press and hold volume down + home + power buttons at the same time . press volume up button when warning prompt .
sdk : adb shell getprop ro . build . version . sdk complete list : adb shell getprop through the package manager : adb shell pm list features
check this forum . it is dedicated to the development for custom rooted roms on gt-i55 series . there are roms for i5508 , i5500 , i5503 . maybe slight modification may port it to i5510 . you should ask the dev team for some assistance .
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
i think your hboot needs to be upgraded , and it sounds like perhaps you did not run the ruu to do so . the htcdev site notes that phones with an asterisk ( * ) next to them in the list must run an ruu before unlocking because the bootloader on the device did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities . so first you need to make sure your firmware is up to date ( which it sounds like it is ) , and then you also need to download and run the ruu : before beginning the unlock bootloader process your product requires that you update the rom to the version listed in the table below first , then download the ruu next to it to enable the unlocking capability . the ruu 's filename itself also seems to confirm this . it is listed as PC4910000_Buzz_Froyo_hboot_1.02.0000_R3.exe , indicating ( to me , anyway ) that you need hboot v1.02.0000 in order to perform the unlock .
just a note - i recently noticed that the gv app setting Receive text messages \u2192 Via the message app no longer duplicates the message locally on your phone as described in the original answer . instead , it simply toggles the gv inbox setting Receive text messages on this phone . i verified this by : enabling the feature via the web ( gv inbox ) noting that it was enabled in the gv app settings selecting " via the google voice app " from the gv app settings refreshing the gv inbox webpage and noting the forwarding feature was now unselected .
i think you might be misunderstanding how gv handles messages . receiving messages : when someone sends an sms to your gv number it is received by google and placed in your gv inbox - the setting you mention does not change that functionality , so either way you choose to have the app configured your gv sms messages will still be available in the gv app ( and , of course , your gv inbox in the cloud ) . if you do not have a data connection then you will get gv sms messages delivered to your phone as soon as you have a data/wifi connection and your inbox is synced . even if you set the gv app to Receive text messages &gt; Also via the messaging app you will still only receive the messages when your gv inbox is synced - you will just also get the messages duplicated in your default sms app . confusingly , you can also have your gv inbox setup to send sms copy of the messages your gv number receives to your mobile 's number using your carrier 's sms system . this is not necessary if you have the gv app on your android phone and want to use data/wifi to receive messages . i advise turning this setting off in your gv inbox web interface : Settings &gt; Phones &gt; [Mobile Phone] then uncheck Receive text messages on this phone . you will still receive texts sent to your gv number on your phone , just via the gv app using data/wifi and not your default sms app using your carrier 's sms . sending messages : first , the easier stuff : to send a text message from your gv number using data/wifi make sure to use the gv app on your phone to compose and send messages . to send a text message from your mobile number using your carrier 's sms make sure to use the default sms app on your phone . now , the harder stuff : if you have Receive text messages &gt; Also via the messaging app set in the gv app , you will see the same text messages in both your gv app and your default sms app . please note that this is a slightly different condition than having Receive text messages on this phone set for your mobile phone in your gv inbox , even though the end result looks the same . given this condition : if you reply using the gv app you will reply from your gv number over data/wifi . if you reply using the default sms app you will reply from your gv number over your carrier 's sms ( this is just as if gv sent your mobile an sms copy and you replied to it on a non-smart phone ) . i suspect some combination of the above settings and usage scenarios is causing your problem , and that by simply changing some settings or your habits ( or both ) will result in the behavior you are looking for . edit : to help with confusion i have drawn a quick flowchart :
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
my not-so-great solution ended up like this : clockworkmod , installed with odin according to the instructions ( odin seems to be slightly un-official so you are unfortunately always downloading from someone 's box or google drive , which is a bit uncomfortable ) adb shell , ( on pc : install java sdk , install android development kit ) mount the sd card with cwm in the shell , using dd to clone the unmountable partitions i wanted onto the sd , for later recovery using cwm to mount the sd as a usb drive , moving the piece-of-partition to the pc repeat download fresh firmware from sammobile and flash with odin still to do : mount the partitions and go hunting for data there
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
this application would solve your problem geo tag photos this system uses the phone to track the time and location and then you upload your photos from the dslr to a website and the site will help you geo tag your photos based on your phone 's information . basically the phone keeps track of where you are and sends the info to the site and then when you upload the photos the site matches the timestamps on the photos with locations .
just make sure you sync the time on phone and camera . you can edit time in your . gpx files later , if needed , but it can take some time . in case you have had different time on your camera and gps , you can use command line utility exiftool for time shifting . for your convienience , there is also a gui frontend for that tool .
i was looking for a similar solution . does this help ? update : in short , use mytrack app on android to generate a gpx log and then use gpicsync to use that log to geotag your pics .
gps essentials app will let you set waypoints of you location , so you could set a waypoint when you take a picture . you could then use software like geotag to tag your images on your computer when you get home .
3g watchdog is capable , when coupled with apndroid or juicedefender , to automatically disable mobile internet connections when you reach a configurable % of your quota .
try netsentry or 3g watchdog .
if all else fails , you could set the “use only 2g networks” option . . .
/data/user was added in jelly bean as part of multi-user support . each user on the device gets a directory in there named after their user id , and that directory contains each app 's data directory for that user . /data/user/0 is a symlink to /data/data .
as already pointed out in above comments , there are multiple questions on this site offering parts of the solution you might need : how do i transfer all my data to a new phone ? the answer there already covers contacts and text messages , and works even without root . how to transfer apps , contacts and settings between two identical phones ? currently has three answers . #1 should cover most of the data exposed via android 's own apis ( so called service-providers ) , again without root . #2 covers some more areas , again not requiring root . #3 then mentions a very helpful app , which requires root : titanium backup ★ root . i would recommend you taking the payed version of the last mentioned app . while 5 bucks may sound a lot in terms of an android app , you will not ever regret having spend them . tibu was one of the first apps i have bought years ago , and i am still a happy user . using this app , you not only can backup all your apps including their data , but all your messages , contacts , call logs , and whatsnots . even the system settings go along . provided you get back the very same device running the very same android version , you simply can go ahead and batch-restore everything ( pro only ; with the free version , you need to do this manually for each item ) . but even if you switch to a different device or android version : restoring your apps+data goes the very same . just with system apps and their data ( including your apns , wifi hotspots , contacts , text messages , etc . ) you need to take special care . tibu offers a " migration mode " , which i strongly recommend in that case ; but still , some extra care cannot hurt : for your user apps+data , use the batch mode -- no problems to expect there . but for the just mentioned system stuff , better restore items one-by-one using the migration mode , and then check if everything works fine ( even a reboot in between might be required , e.g. after restoring your text messages , contacts , and the like , as android does not expect them coming that way ) . it is just in case . and if something seems " botched " , remember what you restored last -- then do a factory-reset , batch-restore all apps , restore everything up to the point before the " botched " item , and skip to the next . i do not expect any trouble that way . but in case it comes ( thanks to murphy 's law ) , you are welcome to ask that in a new question , giving the details , and we will do our best to help you again .
there are different standards for headset plugs , and sony has started using the ctia layout for it is smartphones since 2012 . i could not find the official documentation on the differences , but it is pretty well explained here ( in german , but the pictures speak for themselves ) . the gist is , on regular headsets the order of the pins is ground-mic-right-left , but on ctia it is mic-ground-right-left . to get regular headsets working , you will have to use an adapter , but if i am understanding this correctly , headphones ( that is , without a microphone ) should work normally .
you can try nokia 's headphones . i think they will work with them .
i believe if i understand your question , the linking between your google account happens automatically ( as it should ) when you log into your google account on your handset , and your contacts all synchronize . however it sounds like some of the merging of duplicates , and what number is the " default " number get lost ? for this i would definitely recommend the gmail application online . all you need is to login from a computer and select " contacts " . then just go under " more actions " and do " find and merge duplicates " that should give you just one contact per person . this is your best option if you have lots of contacts , some are duplicates , or other information not entered or organized correctly . it can be quite time consuming and tedious to do editing from the handset . if this is not what you are asking , you may have to rephrase the question slightly . when you say " sync the default number " that is rather ambiguous sentence . for example , i log into gmail , click contacts , and then select one of my friends . there it shows me the numbers stored on my phone ( in the google cloud ) . if i were to change the numbers shown , that change would be reflected when i grabbed the handset next . are you looking to make one number the default number for that person ? and have it do so automatically ? edit : after doing a little more research , it looks like this question was addressed here at the google forums . the last comment in the list ( by ratgurrl ) mentions exactly this frustration . and despite what you do on the phone , when you resynchronize you lose the preference settings you put in the handset , and the ' default ' will revert to whichever contact number is at the top of the list on that contact in gmail . so the real answer until google addresses this : log into gmail , and move the one you want as the " default " contact to the top of the list .
sms are only normal text characters . many phone detect emoticons in a smss content but it varies from each phone . only messages you directly send from hangouts i.e. from your google account to your friends account .
you can go in settings , running applications and close the ones that you do not need . the application that the system needs you will not be able to close . or you can just uninstall the undesired ones as well . and reformat your question so it makes more sense and it is understandable .
this was my first cell phone with android sistem ( samsung galaxy ace android 2.3 ) , i just have for 4 days , so some questions arose , like this one but is pretty simple to solve , and i hope that can help another people . to solve the problem is going to settings , turn off some applications that i/you dont need , if you like me dont need 3g always working as the gps or wifi , just turn them off , but pay attention if you run out of battery the app 's will turn on when you turn on your cell phone .
if you are running on android 4 . x : go to settings -> backup and reset -> turn off " back up my data " if you are running on android 2 . x : go to settings -> accounts and sync -> select your account and turn off backup and sync
my device has been lost or stolen . what happens to my viber account ? you may re-install viber on your new device using the old device’s phone number . this will reinstate the previous account on your new device .
first you can login to another device with same id . after that you should de-activate your viber account . then reactivate your account in new device with same id ( phone number ) with different password . steps : open viber enter the more options menu select settings select privacy select deactivate account deactivation can only take place within the application . what happens when i deactivate my account ? deactivating your account will erase everything associated with your viber id , including your call and message history , groups and downloaded stickers ( both free and purchased ) . it will also unlink all other accounts linked to your viber account ( e . g . twitter , facebook ) . once an account is deactivated , there is no way to restore any of its information . re-registering to viber with the same viber id ( phone number ) will not restore the previous account history . viber out credits will not be lost if your account is deactivated .
you can not stop the viber process . only way to stop viber is by uninstalling . see this : how to stop viber running without uninstalling it ? due to the c2dm feature , you are always available on viber , there is not way to " log out " and " log in " . please note that if you " exit " viber , it will open again only if you get a msg or call . let us know if you have any additional questions . thanks ! viber team
no , it will not duplicate your files . however , there are some files that will not be deleted , like system files and some other software data .
ouch . . . so , i am unclear on what exactly you meant by " took a backup " . . . this sounds like a google play services mismatch - either mismatched with the android version you are running or different app versions installed . i am gonna need more info to troubleshoot it , but just a couple shots in the dark here : play service and store do not like being messed around with . just , in general . that is why they are usually installed via a recovery zip file . if you moved the latest version of play store ( vending.apk ) and play services ( gms.apk ) from userspace to /system/app , that is most likely what caused this . hopefully , you backed up the versions in /system/app . the play apps usually rely on library files ( . so files ) , which are sometimes updated in userspace . you are probably getting a mismatch between those . if you backed up the previous copies , recovering from this is simple . just restore the backups . if you did not , this may be more difficult . what device are you on ? also , what android version , and are you running stock or a custom rom ? ( if you do not know the answer , you are probably on stock )
the solution that has worked for me is : upgrade to a nexus s running cyanogenmod 10 .
try this , it worked for me : ctrl + [
i use a zagg bt kbd . i have used others , but not with this app . i use the external keyboard pro app from the play store to reassign keys . my one kvetch , and it is a serious one , is that i cannot reassign the ' home ' key that takes me back to the ' home screen ' with it . and i hate that . i do not want any sort of magical keys on my kbd . that is why i am using a kbd . and i do not think there are that many people using an external kbd with an android device who are not professional typists to some degree . users who hunt and peck are going to be fine with the osk . and the rest of us are going to hate life everytime we hit the ' home ' key and exit our apps . that being said , i have the ' return ' key and the f2/mic-on key mapped to esc on my asus 10.1 tab . it is sufficient to keep me from plucking out my eyes and warning kings of dire times ahead , or wandering around in the day time shining a lantern in poeple 's faces . this is a good thing , but there must be a way to make things ' better ' . the app is not awesome , but it works and it'll get you close to what you want . i am 85% happy . i found it via : http://www.howtogeek.com/175267/the-htg-guide-to-using-a-bluetooth-keyboard-with-your-android-device/
with sites like gravatar or twitter 's image cropping , i have found that the two finger " pinch " gesture works .
double tap to enable drag ?
it generates this error when there is only an emulator attached . EOCD not found, not Zip file 'AstroFileManager2.5.1.apk' is not a valid zip file  i realized that the astrofilemanager apk has problem . i downloaded a new one from xda and it works . done .
seems like an whitespace problem in the filename . either remove or escape them .
the -s should be before the ' install '
in tweetdeck , each column has separate notification and update settings . tap the menu key , then column settings . switch notify off , and set your desired update interval , or move the slider all the way to the right to select " manual " .
on my nexus 7 , my downloaded books go in /Android/data/com.safaribooksonline/files/zips . they are stored in xhtml directories which includes various metadata , images and the chapters themselves as xhtml documents . while these look vaguely html like , they certainly can not be rendered in chrome or other web browsers directly , you just end up seeing all of the mark-up as text . i do not know how standard the xhtml format is for e-books , or whether other readers could understand the format safari uses , but hopefully this helps point you in the right direction .
finally success tried above steps . trying to connect a nexus 7 to win7-64 . the device in the computer management/device manager/portable devices , used to say nexus 7 , now it says mtp usb device and has the ! with this device cannot start . ( code 10 ) . http://pcsupport.about.com/od/findbyerrormessage/a/code-10-error.htm essentially , this means uninstalling all devices and reinstalling them . i did that with my three other devices and the nexus7 . there was a usb hub that had those three plugged in , so i just unplugged the whole hub . replugged nexus7 to usb , it found it ( when i went to disk management and did a rescan ) . once nexus7 was recognized , i plugged the hub back in and all was well again .
what worked for me ( on windows ) was : plug the nexus 7 into your computer with the usb cable . open device manager : start -> run ( or win + r ) , type in : devmgmt.msc and hit enter . this opens up the device manager . find " android composite adb device " near the top and expand the node . double click on the device . ( note : sorry , i do not see it anymore so it might be named slightly differently . ) in the properties window that pops up , uninstall the driver . you should choose to delete the current driver as well . unplug the tablet and plug it back in . at this point mine got recognized as a nexus 7 instead of an android adb device and allowed me to transfer files again . i am not sure how this will affect debugging ( especially if you delete the old driver ) but it worked for me after days of searching .
try enabling usb debugging in developer options . it worked for me .
i kept on getting " this device cannot start . ( code 10 ) . " and after hours of repeatedly reinstalling drivers all it took to fix the problem was rebooting the actual phone . in summary : do not assume windows is at fault , it could be the phone . try rebooting it after installing new drivers .
i had the same happening even to me . i ended up getting it to work by going to the device manager and uninstalling the device ( it was showing up as samsung phone ) . then i unplugged it , plugged it back in and it was installed again automatically , working fine and showing up in mtp mode as nexus 10 .
this bug happens in some cases when upgrading . i fixed mine by changing quickly between mtp and camera with the usb unplugged , then i put it back to mtp again and it worked fine when i plugged the usb back in to change these settings go to settings> storage then click the little menu button in the top right corner and click usb computer conntection .
i use a third party app which can handle recorded voice tags . i use cyberon voice speed dial for which voice tags can be records for contacts or programs . for bluetooth headset/car conenctivity i use bluetooth application launcher . this is set to open voice speed dialler when i press the blue tooth button to connect . holding the blue tooth button for 4 seconds disconnects and closes the app . ( i have to configure it futhter since disconnecting doesn ; t yet hang up the phone though . . . ) sorry - i just realized you needed to dictate to your phone . maybe there also a third pary app that does that . benzene
you need to have the manifest . xml of the apk . if you rename the . apk to a . zip you can open it . hopefully you can read the manifest else you need to decompile the apk ( lots of tutorials online ) then you need to lookup the intents it listens to and use that . or use the component name and launch it explicitly . how to do this in tasker is unknown to me , to do it programmaticly : Intent intent = new Intent(); intent .setComponent(new ComponentName("com.package.name","com.package.name.activity")); startActivity(intent); 
if your device is rooted , you can install autorun manager from the market ( for just looking up the listeners , the free version will do as well ) . use its advanced mode -- and there it will list up all apps which have listeners ( which listen to intents ) . tap the app you want to investigate , and all of its registered intent listeners are shown . now you can even disable the ones which annoy you ( e . g . google maps service listener on network change to pry your location ) .
easiest solution : ask the developer ! reason : it is the most reliable source if he/she answers . you cannot say easily what parameters to set and if it is even allowed to start other activities from your own ' intent launcher ' ( be it tasker or something else ) . i had a quick look at it , it is a paid app and a small dev . often those developers really care and respond quickly , especially if it is a paid app . i did so with titanium backup in the past and was positively suprised how easy it was . if you have the information , you can also use the free manual intent shortcuts app to create a custom launcher . google play has a ' contact developer ' button just below the overview description of ( most ? ) apps . having a look at smart tools , you see that it is there : androidboy1 ( at ) gmail com what you could also do : uc berkeley has a cool project : comdroid . a static analysis tool for identifying application communication-based vulnerabilities it is a web service where you can upload your . apk to . ( since you ask an advanced question i guess you know how to get the apk of your app ) . after the upload search the analysis for malicious activity launch , this is the information you want . you might be lucky to misuse it using tasker , etc .
i would use a decompiler https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dexplorer look in the manifest file , it will have the intents that the app uses .
looking at the f-droid 's repository , this app , ' appbak ' will generate the list of apps installed on your handset into a simple flat text file on your sd-card . the crucial thing to remember , is the ' package-name ' is the most important part of it , and is at the developer 's choosing and discretion . for example , an app called ' foobar ' , that appears in the application drawer , the package name would be ' com . foo . bar . app ' , from there it is quite easy to reconstruct a market link from that as in : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foo.bar.app 
the application listed above , " appbak , " gets its data from the android package manager class ; if you have got root access , you can see the source ( /data/dev/packages . list ) which is a simple text file that lists only currently installed apks , but there is also an xml file in the same subdirectory , of the same name , which is considerably larger : packages . xml , and where it seems even uninstalled packages tend to remain . i found proof of my former bloatware freezer application in there once , and while it did not do me a world of good , at least i had a resource i could check to see what went disappearing in the night . the question i can not answer is if the market can now wipe that data from packages . xml . but i would point out that the packagemanager documentation has a get_uninstalled_packages constant on that page , so i would guess not .
this is not an issue of your email client . this is the way pop3 works . in gingerbread 's email client , you had had set leave copy of email on server . so , your ics email client is downloading all past emails from server . unfortunately , pop3 does not allow selective downloads . your mails are being fully downloaded ( not just header ) with attachments too . that is the reason of high traffic . you should now un-check leave copy on server ( to make sure , it would not download an email repeatedly after its removed from local cache ) . after full download , everything will become normal . if you can , i would recommend to use imap instead of pop3 . imap syncs everything ( e . g . email read status ) with server-client . if you delete an email locally , it would be deleted from server too ( provided its in configuration ) . so , you can keep emails on multiple devices in sync . imap allows you to download email header only , download attachments on demand etc . so , it can save your data .
you might consider adding your pop3 accounts to gmail anyway , but then turning off sync for gmail . that way , i assume , your phone will not automatically check your mail , but you will still be able to retrieve new mail " by hand " .
to answer the first question - that singular pattern where at minimum four dots must be joined , is built into android , if you want to have multiple patterns , that requires modding the source and rolling your own rom which is outside the scope of this site . now , onto the second question " is it possible to install more than one app that lock my screen with pattern lock and use them simultaneously ? will it cause any kind of clashes or other troubles ? " that depends on the app , the lock-screen is within the framework of android itself , unless the app over-rides the built-in lock-screen mechanism , then there should not be any clashes . the important keyword is over-ride . if the said alternative lock-screen clashes then that is down to poor programming effort . : )
it is because google can back up which apps you have installed on your google account , and restore them when you associate your account with a new device . since your friend 's account is new , the apps have not been installed yet , and are therefore not shown . as for why the apps are not shown as installed , it is because they are not installed from google play , but from samsung . if i remember correctly , samsung has it is own samsung apps app , which handles updates for preinstalled applications unless they are associated with their google play counterparts .
you must first add your google account to the tablet . the google play app will not let you switch an account until there are two or more accounts on the device . so first add your google account . you will probably want to disable all of the synchronizing options . once that is done , open the google play app , and you will see the option to switch accounts . on top of that , you will be able to " push install " apps to the tablet from your desktop computer ( provided you are logged into the same google account ) . the downside , of course , is that there is now a device that can synchronize your contacts , gmail , photos , etc that you do not control . your grandma could decide to purchase in-app items or purchase new apps ( though you can require a password for that , at least ) . alternatively , if you only want to install a few of the paid apps you own , you can temporarily add your account , install the apps , then remove the account . the apps remain installed , even without the linked account .
i have had a similar issue on my android phone and googled some info . hope it can help you . as i searched , the default google+ application settings on an android phone will automatically upload new images/photos to a google+ album . there is no need to panic , though , as the images/photos and the album itself will remain private until you sign into google+ and specify which images you want to process and share with select circles . to disable automatic upload from the google+ android app , select " settings " within the " menu " screen and uncheck " instant upload . " now you have control of which mobile photos make it to your private google+ album .
open the google plus app , go to settings and disable " instant-upload " . please note if you enabled it : each photo you take will be uploaded to google plus ' staging area but not be shared immediately . it is just for convenience so that you do not have to grab your phone if you want to share some past pictures you took with your mobile . you will be able to to share from any browser you are logged in at any later time you want . you can also select if you only want to instant-upload when you are on wifi .
the transformer prime has a problem with its gps all right . you can get a free external gps adapter that fits into the docking port . http://event.asus.com/asuspad/tf201gps/
i have several bluetooth-gps adapters that i use with all of my devices when i need a superb signal because a specialiced receiver is almost always superior to a smartphone 's internal gps ( due to integration constraints ) . gps receiver : my favourite is the bluemax 4043 bluetooth receiver . it has more than one day uptime , it can also log 32mb of gps data and uses a cheap nokia bl-5c battery . linux support ! openstreetmaps wiki has a comprehensive list of good receivers ( search for the bluetooth enabled ones ) . software support : cyanogenmod7+ can connect to gps bluetooth receivers , stock android users may install 3rd party apps like bluetooth gps provider . it is very handy for my nook color tablet that has no gps but bluetooth ( asus transformer prime users also have this kind of problem ) .
check your internal memory . it will not be increased but the apps will take less load on internal memory . and there will be better stability .
ddlj1 and builds starting from dd are the roms basically made for indian based samsung models . these are official update pushed by samsung called ota updates . for more info on samsung 's builds you ca refer http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/1/
i believe you are still want to use the google play store to grab some apps , are you ? if you disable talk , the play store will not working properly ( no auto updating , can not download any app . . . ) , so i recommend you use the method below : hit : setting > application > manage application . navigate and click on google apps . then click on “clear data” button . press " ok " on the pop-up dialog . then find gmail and talk under manage application , click " clear data " as well . after you have done the above , please head to " account and sync settings " and press your account , then press menu > sync now then it should pop up for you to re-enter the password .
i have not tried this myself , but it should be possible with tasker and ( optionally ) the secure settings addon – provided there is some automated way to let the device know you are in " driving mode " . this could either be the car 's bluetooth ( if any ) , or some nfc tag you place in your car to toggle that state ( the latter could be used to toggle a custom variable or the " state" ) . with those pre-conditions met , setup your profile ( s ) corresponding to your " identifier " . with bluetooth : condition : bluetooth device connected task : turn off keyguard ( will revert to the previous state , i.e. re-enable keyguard , as soon as the condition is no longer met , i.e. your device no longer connected to the car ) . with nfc , slightly different , your task should toggle keyguard – so it turns it of on first read of the tag , and turns it back on when reading the tag again . with keyguard turned off , there is no pattern or pin lock anymore , and the device should react as if you had unlocked it . you can toggle keyguard with tasker itself ; however , the secure settings addon gives you additional control . check out what fits you best ; above " pseudo-profile " should get you started : )
if none of the other things work , go to Apps &gt; Google services framework . click Clear cache and data button . then , reboot .
ensure that on the device Settings | Data usage | Mobile | Mobile data is set to on and that if Set mobile data limit is checked that you have not reached that limit .
yes , this sync was my problem too . . . just tried below settings and worked : go to settings then to data usage click menu button check auto sync now go to your account section where you should see all account syncs are enabled : )
it might be caused by a proxy server configured in the apn . see this question : google apps losing connection to the servers when on mobile data .
are you sure that the sync option is enabled for gmail ? go to Settings-> Accounts-> Google-> Your account -> Gmail this last must be checked . also check if the sync option is active at all .
my phone galaxy s4: on mobile network only my gmail app was not pushing automatically , gmaps was slow , youtube was not working or really slow and calendar was not syncing . after looking on the internet i was not able to find the solution . i have tried everything that was simple like clear cache , reboot , sync off/on . . . but finally with this site i come up with the apn reset solution . i did it and also i have found that google services had the check mark on for restrict background data . setting/data usage/google services i have never touched this option before so i do not know why it was checked . after these two steps my phone works perfectly now .
found out the problem . orange wap was selected instead of orange internet in settings > access point names .
there is screen stream for android that seems to do what you are asking . it streams live the display of the device and has many options . there is a trial version here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobzapp.screenstream.trial
http://betanews.com/2012/01/05/turn-you-android-into-a-second-pc-monitor/ try this . hope it will help you , cheers
there is the splashtop desktop streaming application . the app is free , but has some in-app purchases for more features . they also have a few premium versions available .
try to scroll down the list to find the inbox . i think it is listed below , but it seems missing at first . i could not see it at first . but after several tries , i got the list to scroll down to find the inbox .
you might want to try clean master from google play store . i had it for quite some time now , when you delete apps it will pop up asking you whether you want to delete residual files as well ( if there are any ) . also it will scan your sd card and phone for any rubbish .
you might need a very specific widget that is coded to retrieve some data from the said web page in a specific format ( xml , json , api calls , etc . , ) then parse and display it . for example , a quick google search for " android flair widget " brings back this app . you need only to provide the user 's id ( e . g . http://api.android.stackexchange.com/1.1/users/3646 for my profile , ) and it polls the stackoverflow . com servers once every hour and retrieves the " flair " .
i wanted an app to do this , and i wanted it to be professional , reliable , and easy to use , and i wanted to know it would be maintained in future and work with new android versions . as i run a software business , i decided to make it our next product . showr supports android 3.1+ , and you can use it as a lock screen widget on android versions that support that feature . it supports images from rss or atom feeds , and from other apps ( such as the gallery ) as well as from a fixed url . it also integrates with some websites , such as tumblr and stack exchange . unlike the accepted answer to the question , you can set how often it updates , and it has a smart updating feature to save battery life and network use . download showr free from google play , or see showr on stackapps .
i have implemented that app because i wanted it for myself : url image widget have fun !
this thread goes way back but i still were unable to find one in the market that seems to fit the description , so i made one myself . get it here : the widget updates hourly , and currently there is no way to configure that .
as meer borg correctly states in his answer : when an app is installed , the package manager reads its Manifest , and notes the permissions requested into files the android system controls ( /data/system/packages.xml , /system/etc/permissions/*.xml ( one file per app ) ) . additionally , for each permission there is a specific user group , which will be assigned to the app 1 . so each time the app tries to access a feature requiring a permission , this is checked against : if the permission was declared in the Manifest , access is granted – otherwise it is refused . note that this is a simplified description , though while this is the general rule , for some things there are possibilities to work-around the permissions . if an app e.g. wants to send something to the internet , it could also do so calling an " intent " , asking the browser to open a certain page ( like e.g. http://bad.server/collector.php?info1=some_info&amp;info2=more_info ) . however , this would not go un-noticed by the user , as the browser would open in foreground and show this action . so if an app would make use of this feature , the outcry would be heard ( usually ) . if a dev really wants to do " bad things " , he could also use another way : have one app with all the required permissions , and a second with almost none . if the user has both apps installed , the second one could call the first ( big-permission ) app to process " things " it cannot do itself ( due to lacking permissions ) – in the same manner as described above for accessing the internet . note that this priciple is used e.g. for addons , and " inter-app-communication " in a positive sense , too tl ; dr : an app is restricted to the permissions it requests , and cannot directly access other " things " . " indirect " access would not go unnoticed . p.s. : this is just an abstract , and simplified presentation . i am not in android development , so some dev might have better understanding and correct me , or add to the above . 1 example ( note the " groups " list ) : the id command ( without parameters ) shows information about the " current user " . in this case , i was using adb shell , so the user is the " shell app " ( rather the integrated unix shell ) . the list of groups shows which permissions are granted to the shell , so it can e.g. read and write the sdcard , access bluetooth , and the internet ( plus some more things ) .
each application you install has a file called manifest . xml in it that dictates what the app is allowed to access . when you install an app it checks that file and shows you what permissions are needed to install that application . so unless your phone is rooted , and uses an exploit . or you repackage that file and its manifest file to add more permissions . . . it will only access the usb storage as quoted . the android system prevents any other access and the code that tries to access those other permissions will simple return an error from the program point of view . but i believe that even accessing usb storage is an issue because it can access all of the other files other programs create using usb storage , not the entire file system , just a sub part of it that is defines as " usb storage " . but as the app does not access the internet , whatever the app accesses stays on your device .
i was just suffering from the same issue with an exchange 2010 server . the problem was server-side not client-side . upon investigating the event log for the exchange role , i noticed the following error entry : exchange activesync verfügt nicht über ausreichende berechtigungen zum erstellen des containers " cn=oliver salzburg , ou= . . . " unter dem active directory-benutzer " active directory operation failed on server . something . de . this error is not retriable . additional information : zugriff verweigert . active directory response : 00000005: secerr : dsid-031521d0 , problem 4003 ( insuff_access_rights ) , data 0 " . stellen sie sicher , dass der benutzer über geerbte berechtigungen verfügt , die ' domain\exchange servers ' erteilt wurden , um für objekte vom typ " msexchangeactivesyncdevices " die befehle ' inhalte auflisten ' , ' untergeordnetes objekt erstellen ' und ' untergeordnetes objekt löschen ' auszuführen , und dass der benutzer über keine verweigerten berechtigungen verfügt , die diese vorgänge blockieren . details:%3 english version exchange activesync does not have sufficient permissions to create the " cn= , ou= , dc=thenet , dc=gen , dc=nz " container under active directory user " active directory operation failed on . thenet . gen . nz . this error is not retriable . additional information : access is denied . active directory response : 00000005: secerr : dsid-031521d0 , problem 4003 ( insuff_access_rights ) , data 0 " . make sure the user has inherited permission granted to domain\exchange servers to allow list , create child , delete child of object type " msexchangeactivesyncdevices " and does not have any deny permissions that block such operations . it boils down to a permissions issue for the exchange server . it is not allowed to change the activesync settings in the active directory . to resolve this , follow these steps : open active directory users and computers . click view and then check advanced features . navigate to the user that is causing the issue ( the location is noted in the event log entry ) and open the properties for the user . go to the security tab and click advanced . check the checkbox include inheritable permissions and click ok .
i was also frustrated by windows 8 ( 64bit ) with this as well . after upgrading from win-7 64bit to win-8 64bit , i was a little miffed to discover that i could no longer connect via bluetooth to my windows machine and play what was on the phone . i tried using the software for win-7 from the adapter manufacturer - no good . so i bought a medialink bt ( version 4.0 ) adapter . the device instructions say to not use the cd , that win-8 will install the necessary drivers . --- drivers installed , bt adapter found and installed , but audio streaming from my phone still did not work . so i tried to let the " autorun " feature of the cd install drivers , but win-8 stopped this saying it was " buggy " . so i " explored " the cd and went to the vista_win7> win64 directory and ran inst . exe . this installed all of the manufacturers bt stack . now when i connect my htc vivid ( ics ) through bluetooth to my computer , a " remote control " for my phones media player pops up on the pc desktop and allows me to start the player . this solved my audio streaming from android to win-8 64bit problem for $14.99 . . . woot !
you could use dlna , this allows to stream music , viedeos and pictures : dlna - android/windows support mediaserver android app ( documentation ) media server ( playstore )
yes you can . depending on your bluetooth adapter on your windows computer . connect the two together , find the phone connection and choose " control " . there you can connect to the phone as " music and audio " . of course this can be different on your computer and then i cannot help you .
you could try booting into safe mode ( according to this article you should be able to do so by holding down the vol - key while switching on the device with the power button ) . in safe mode , all user-installed apps are " disabled " , so they will not be started automatically . once in safe mode , remove the troublesome app ( uninstall it via settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications ) . then simply reboot to leave safe mode -- your device should now boot up fine .
start the settings app . choose security from the personal section . the option you want is called make passwords visible .
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
you can try redirect file organiser . the usage by dev is explained at /r/android over here . hope this is what you are looking for .
if you use odin then i am asuming you have a samsung device . depending on what stock rom you use , i mean if you will flash using 1 file or 3 file rom , if you have a 3 file rom then you have to put in the pit file to , and then you can enable the re-partition . if you use 1 file rom in odin , i think it will re-partition by default so you do not have to check the repartition check box in odin .
you did not mention which version of android you are running , but i believe this will work in most modern versions . the exact location within the settings may change depending on version and device manufacturer . if you go in to settings -> battery and then select an app , you get some or all of the following details : cpu total time in seconds keep awake time in seconds data send data received i believe these details are valid from the last time the device booted .
arm is currently not supported officially by heimdall . you might have luck compiling it yourself : https://github.com/benjamin-dobell/heimdall/ my advice however : use a supported platform once ( win/mac/linux-x86/x64 ) and enjoy on-device updates from then on via clockworkmod recovery ( cwm ) or rommanager . reason : heimdall is only needed to install a bootstrap cwm once . after that you use the regular cwm . here 's the guide from cyanogenmod : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/samsung_galaxy_s:_full_update_guide cyanogenmod releases for cm7/9/10 in various flavours ( stable , release candidate , nightly build ) can be found here ( galaxy s i9000 ) : http://get.cm/?device=galaxysmtd
yep , you should be able to compile from source . here are the steps to install clockworkmod with heimdall from gnu/linux or ubuntu or whatever ( i tested it with samsung galaxy tab 2.0 7 p3110 ) : 0 . by following the steps below be prepared to lose your guarantee or brick your device . also make backups of your personal data . 1 . install heimdall ( and heimdall-frontend ) this software is a flash tool which copies firmware images to device 's specific memory area . you can find several guides how to install this even from source . you do not need windows stuff such as odin or kies or a fake software which contains the usb drivers because most probably the kerner drivers are preinstalled on your gnu / linux os . dmesg 2 . download the recovery image to your host computer from clockworkmod rommanager ( i am not allowed to post url . this is www dot clockworkmod dot com slash rommanager ) . find your device on the list and download some files from 3 columns . currently there are 3 columns : ~roms / clockworkmod : contains superuser . zip : copy to sim card or to device . this zip contains application which allows to execute android apps with root mode . it is not needed to backup/restore device partitions . superuser . zip can be installed in recovery mode . default recovery of samsung ( stored in recovery partition ) does not install the zip due to error : signature verification failed . if you want to root your device you must install a custom recovery image . backup of original firmware does not require this superuser hack . ~download recovery : this is a custom recovery partition : you can install zips or create backup or flash partitions . you can navigate between the menus with keys only - no touch : volume up and down and choose with power button . copy this to your gnu/linux host ( this image will be written to device with heimdall ) ~download touch recovery : this is a custom recovery image . you can navigate between the menus with keys or touch : volume up and down and choose with power button . do not forget to scroll there are a lot of menuitems ! turn off the tablet ( wait around 10 secs while screen goes black ) hold down the volume key which is next to the power button and hold down the power button . you may keep it pressed as long as you like : logo appears then device reboots . when logo appears release keys . android system recovery &lt ; 3e> loads . choose wipe data/factory reset with volume then select with power button . choose yes -- delete all user data . choose reboot system now and do not allow it to reboot : immediatelly hold down the power button and the volume key which is on the far side . keep it pressed until warning appears . connect tablet to gnu/linux host with usb cable then press the volume button next to power button . with root permission run command on gnu/linux host and be prepared for executing next step immediately sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.2.7-p3110 . img when it completes it restarts the device : remove the cable and immediatelly boot into recovery mode : hold down the volume key which is next to the power button and hold down the power button : keep it pressed until logo is displayed on 2nd time then release them . clockworkmod recovery loads . . . scroll down to see all the menuitems . you can create backup with " backup and restore " menu then " backup to external sdcard " after all use last menuitem : +++go back+++ / reboot system now . " rom may flash stock recovery on boot . fix ? : if you choose no then you can do the procedure again . . . / if you choose yes then samsung 's recovery firmware gets overwritten by clockworkmod recovery .
because long pressing the power button on all most any android device ( if not all ) will reboot the device . it is meant to be the restart button in case on a device something goes wrong , you have the option to hard reset the device . to correctly shut down a device you have to tap the power button and select the option to power of , or if you are in cwm select " power off device " , or i think you can shut it down using adb to .
i had the same issue , not with cyanogen , but stock android in nexus 5 phone . i solved the issue temporarily as follows : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x ( may be more . at first i set it in none , so it did not work . changing to 0.5x solved my problem . i did not check other options like 1x etc ) . this method solved me in nexus 5 . ( not sure about note 2 , try it and let 's know )
i can not find this problem anywhere else , not even on the cm forums . my advice would be to install another version of cm for your device , maybe try a nightly or the previous stable/mr/rc version .
what protocol does the connection to your car radio use ? i can not exactly speak for the gs3 but this is for stock android so it may be similar . go into storage under settings and hit the menu button ( or the menu overflow ) then select usb connection ( or similar ) , make sure mtp ( you probably need this one ) and any other protocols you need are checked . there may also be a mount usb option present if that the former does not work .
once you have activated an input field , you should see a keyboard icon in your notification area . drag the notification bar down and tap on the notification saying Select input method and you should get the menu . if this does not work , it is due to samsung 's modifications . at least the vanilla ics has this option .
in all of my htc phones , press and hold in the input area ( text area ) will show a " input method " prompt for switching ime .
i do not own a galaxy sii . however according to this thread it seems the problem lies in the usb port as when it is replaced the issue has been resolved .
with mine , clearing dust out of the usb port with a pin and then plugging a charger in and out a few times fixed the issue . so it is not necessarily a bug in the software . perhaps android os 4.0 . x has a new feature to detect and report voltage problems when charging , while previous versions did not ( and any software " fix " will just disable this feature ) .
short answer : that is no doubt a software issue , reported across forums after an upgrade to ics 4.0 . x . some users reporting this can be found here : galaxy s2 charging port problem - xda-developers re : ics 4.0.3 charging paused , voltage too high an . . . - vodafone eforum do not know with certainty if you have upgraded the firmware to ics 4.0 or any other variant , being the latest ones 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 nonetheless , you either roll back and wait for a new version that does not cause that issue or you can try some of the suggestions provided below ( all reported to have worked without problems by other owners of a samsung galaxy s2 ) . extending the answer : first and above all backup all personal data on your phone to make sure you are not going to lose anything either by rolling back or trying a new/different firmware . e.g. , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc . . . you can go with one of these suggestions : once the backup is concluded , the following solutions are documented as to have solved that particular issue on your phone . solutions ordered from the simplest to the most complicated : clearing cache data the problem you are facing can be related to old files still in cache . follow these steps to clear your cache and see if it solves it : boot your phone in recovery mode , to do that press and hold volume up and middle key , while holding both press power on ; you will see your phone booted in recovery mode , in recovery mode touch screen will not work so use volume up and volume down to navigate through options and middle key to confirm ; choose “wipe cache partition” from menu ; it will clear the cache data ; now select reboot system now ; factory reset samsung has a master reset code used to factory reset your phone . you can try this as to cleanup your phone and wait for a better ics version , or try another ics version ( see suggestion n . º 3 ) : make sure you have a backup of your personal data ( e . g . , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc ) . take your sim and memory card out of your phone turn your phone back on , and wait for the dial pad dial the factory reset code : *2767*3855# this will wipe , reset and then correctly format the internal storage . after the process is completed , place your sim and memory cards back on the phone . firmware flash ( odin ) download the latest samsung odin here , and install either one of the latest ics versions or a previous one that can be found on the links at the very end of this answer . 3.1 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0: xxlpq — update galaxy s2 to android 4.0 official firmware manually this firmware and the guide below is compatible only and only with galaxy s2 , model number i9100 . it’s not compatible with any other device , including us variants of s2 , the epic 4g touch , t-mobile galaxy s2 and at and t galaxy s2 along with skyrocket . check your device’s model number in settings » about phone . 3.2 . install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update : install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 here is another tutorial how to install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 . samsung galaxy ii got the official xxlpq firmware update recently . but the firmware had some bugs and users reported it . samsung revived the android 4.0.3 and added some other latest features 3.3 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0.4: xxlq5 - download and install official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 finally , you can download and install latest official android 4.0.4 ice cream sandwich firmware on samsung galaxy s ii now . yup , there is a leaked official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 ~ xxlq5 firmware ( europe region ) . update samsung galaxy s2 i9100 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlq5 leaked firmware samsung galaxy s2 i9100 has been running on the android 4.0.3 firmware and recently there were rumors that said that it won’t receive the android 4.0.4 ics update . however , all these rumors were shattered today because there is a new leaked firmware for i9100 that is based on android 4.0.4 ics and with xxlq5 firmware , which means that samsung should eventually launch the new update in the near future . useful and related links : the official android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) website . a very extensive list with official i9100 firmwares lpe/q/7/2/f/s/4/7/g/9/w/d/f to download and an how-to guide to flash your firmware with odin . android firmwares .net- samsung galaxy s ii firmwares .
i went to sprint yesterday because all of a sudden i am having this frustrating problem . i was told that it is a software issue and nothing more . an email from the higher-ups directed techs not to switch out phones because the problem is going to persist ( until samsung fixes the software ) .
is it face unlock you are asking about ? if so , there is a handy guide here . it requires your phone to be rooted and have clockworkmod recovery installed . here are the installation instructions from the link : installation instructions before you proceed with setting up face unlock on your galaxy s2 , make sure that your phone : is rooted , has clockworkmod recovery installed , and is running android 4.0.3 ice cream sandwich firmware build xxkp8 . if your phone meets those requirements , you can follow these steps : 1 . download the face unlock update file to your computer and then copy the downloaded zip file to your sd card . get the file here . 2 . turn off your mobile phone and reboot it into recovery mode . you can do this by pressing the volume up and ok buttons . press both buttons at the same time and then press the power button . 3 . if you are already in recovery mode , proceed by selecting “wipe data/factory reset” and “wipe cache partition” . 4 . reboot your device by selecting “reboot system now” from the recovery menu . 5 . reboot your device again into recovery mode . 6 . from the menu , select “install zip from sd card” , then ” choose zip from sd card” , and then choose the face unlock zip file which is on your phone . after you have selected the file , installation will start . 7 . after installation , your device will again display the recovery mode screen . select “reboot system now” to reboot the phone . take note that this time , restarting your device will take much longer . on the other hand , you can also opt to update this package from clockworkmod recovery .
as your device is stock , something likely became corrupted in the file system and a factory reset is about your only option . you will lose all your data , unless your phone will still communicate with a computer . if so , you may be able to use kies to back up your data from the phone first . to factory reset : enter recovery power off the device . press and hold the volume up key and the home button while powering up the phone . hold these keys until the android recovery screen appears . use your volume keys to navigate to wipe cache partition . press the power button to choose this option . this will not destroy your data and may allow it to boot normally . select reboot system with the volume keys and press power . it will reboot and hopefully work . if it does not , follow the next step . enter recovery mode as described above . select " wipe data/factory reset " with the volume keys and press power to select it . this will delete all data from your device . be sure you backed up anything important . now reboot the system and it should be back to stock with everything working again . if you used kies to backup your data , now you can restore it .
i am using connectify hotspot free . it have 90min limited uptime and some adds . i had same problem with sharing internet connection via windows 7 ad-hoc so i tried a some tools to share internet but only connectify worked well in my case .
there are some ways to reverse tether , and the simplest one is to use connectify . free version is limited in uptime , the full version has no restrictions . it is not even hard to convince the program to allow all functions , btw .
i posted a similar question to this elsewhere and was pointed to this thread , which did not really answer my question either . posting my question , i thought that i may get some answers here , as it is , after many hours searching and trying various apps out , i have found a few apps that provide solutions myself , the best two of which i will list below . i was looking for an app to show " call " and " sms " " history"/"logs " for an individual contact , so using these search terms i found many , the best stand alone one i found is called " my log " from " intangible solutions " which is able to search and list all calls and sms for any given number or multiple numbers in a very clear and easy to read format . the drawbacks is that it is heavily add supported and takes a little while to specify all the contact 's numbers , as you have to select them one at a time , having said this , the results are brilliant . the other i found via an associated app call " call log+" which i tried and initially dismissed as it only gave me call log similar to the one found in the standard " phone " dialler , however i later went back to it is associated app " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" , " messages+" and " dialler+" , and then also installed " merge+" , " emoji for conacts+" and the " contacts+ widget " to get the full collection , which can replace the standard " phone " , " contacts " and " messaging " functions with much better versions , that do far more . the " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" does everything i wanted , in that i can instantly see a call log for any contact . the fact that " contacts+" does a whole lot more beyond this , is also fantastic , but it does exactly what i wanted , so job done . i hope this may help others looking for the same missing ( removed ) feature , which because of how i use my phone , i would find hard to live without .
call history search allows you to search by name or number in your call history , but is limited in the number of records it searches . the description for faves says " see talk time , last call , number of in and out calls per contact ; individual call logs per contact ; " . i have not used either app , but found them in a search of the play store . caveat emptor .
try app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rachittechnology.aphonemetix in this app you can generate reports based on data , person , type of call ( incoming/outgoing ) , you can email that report on your email address . this is free app without any restriction . do try this app and share your feedback . ps - i am creator of this app
if you have made frequent calls or recieved the calls to/from that particular contact , then you can find all logs of that particular contact by going to ' dialer ' and then switching to ' favourites ' tab . hope this may help you !
you are unable to filter the call log for a specific contact in 4.1.2 you would have to find an application on the play store to do that for you .
view a contact ( either from the contacts app or by clicking them in the phone app ) . then press the menu hard-key , and history is the first item on the list . note : my samsung galaxy s iii has been upgraded to android 4.3 , so i have no idea if the method is the same in android 4.1.2 , or if this is something samsung has added since then . if anyone is still on 4.1.2 , please check and comment !
at least honeycomb allows user to encrypt all data ( see article on http://www.netbooklive.com/android-honeycomb-can-encrypt-all-your-data-7497/ ) . you can export all your contacts from the application ( tap in contacts app on menu , then import/export and choose export to sd card )
this is a feature of gingerbread , if you are using the built in sip client . in settings -> call settings there is a setting called " use internet calling " which you can set to " only for internet calls " . then if the contact has a sip number , it will call that directly sip-> sip instead of going out over the phone connection .
the table at http://www.syncdroid.net/ is quite comprehensive . if you have outlook , there are ways to sync your calendar with your device . always list your device and os - it helps .
the additional processes are created on demand ( e . g . if you open the calendar ) . the increasing memory consumption comes from the fact the java is not able to release ( heap ) memory back to the system . that is why google has implemented the activitymanager , which from time to time kills the whole process only to restart it later with a lower memory footprint . that is exactly what the task killer app try to do , which is kind of redundant . the activitymanger does it is job pretty good on my galaxy s with only 329 mb ram available to the system . i never needed no task killer . but , this is only a workaround for resource constrained devices like smartphones . current high-end android devices have up to 1gb of memory or more , so that the activitymanger will become more and more out of work .
if you are rooted , you can try one of the following 1 . NoSafeVolumeWarning in xposed framework 2 . Media Tweak Settings in gravity box
once you are rooted , goto settings/sounds/volumes . unchecked the safe headphone volume box and agree to warning about potential damage to your ears . that is what i did on my nexus 7 w/4.4.4 rom .
well , that is weird first of all make sure that the other bluetooth devices you are searching using the s2 are visible , otherwise its not going to detect the bluetooth device . and if you are sure that the bluetooth devices you are trying to connect is visible try clearing the cache and the data stored by the bluetooth app , you can do that by going to settings> application manager> tap the bluetooth app and clear the cache and the data store . now try connecting with the other bluetooth devices and see if that works out or not .
some badly developed apps can cause device wakes . try uninstalling or freezing suspicious apps . check the logs to see what is causing this .
take the image of the phone that is working by the following code first find out the dev block of the system partition cat /proc/mounts search for the system partitions and note down the corresponding /dev/block/ partition for example for my phone it is /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 now make the exact copy of the partition using dd command dd if=/dev/block/***** of=/sdcard/system.img copy this system . img from your phone to pc connect your other phone in fastboot mode run the following command fastboot flash system &lt;path-to-system.img&gt;
i had the same problem a while back . make sure USB Debugging is disabled in the developer options menu .
open a terminal in ubuntu ( ctrl+alt+t ) and type this commands : sudo add-apt-repository ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp sudo apt-get update  then , launch software updater ( previously known as update manager ) and install the available updates . afther you pdate everything restart pc . if you want to revert back before making any changes : sudo ppa-purge ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp  next time , i think you should ask this is askubuntu . com since it is more of a linux specific problem then android .
have you tried connecting the phone using the usb mass storage option on the device ? i usually do that with my s2 to work .
there is lots of apps that perform the function of restricting access to other apps . simply head to google play and search for " app locker " .
from what it sounds like , you not only want it to show a higher percentage but also ' use ' this last little bit of juice in the battery . technically you could just modify the icon to show full all the time or be slightly above the real level , but that is just the icon 's look . i think to accomplish what you are trying to do you will have to modify the rom yourself . if your savvy in this field , you can look for some open source roms , modify it , and see if it works .
i have a rooted gs2 and i installed " xposer installer " and within that program i installed the " xposed framework " that lets you download " tweaks " for android . http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer i did not try it , but among the available tweaks there is one named " disablecriticalbatteryshutdown " . the description says : disablecriticalbatteryshutdown ( for xposed framework ) what ? disables the auto-shutdown when android detects a critical battery level why ? this is to prevent the auto-shutdown when you have 1% left of battery . it is useful for calibrating your battery by draining it completely , using chinese branded batteries with terrible battery percentage detection or even lengthen the life of a phone with non-removable battery with terrible calibration . compatiblility : not working on 4.3+ tested only on aosp 2.3 , 4.0 , 4.1 this project is abandoned , i will not add support for any other roms . as i already said , i have not tested it , but theres a chance that it does what it says . if you have 4.1 or older this might do what you need .
sudo apt-get -y install mtp-tools mtpfs gmtp and try to use it gui as nessary !
google tasks allows for nested tasks , and there are multiple clients that support it .
you could check out astrid task or checkmark they supports nested todo lists .
i had this while using " go launcher ex notifications " seems it was running two notifications at the same time , made a conflict , so i uninstalled and it seems fine . htc desire .
i do not have a legend , nor htc , but some googling turned these out : http://androidforums.com/htc-droid-eris/59163-process-com-htc-bg-has-stopped-unexpectedly-please-try-again-wtf.html http://www.incredibleforum.com/forum/htc-incredible-help/224-error-message-com-htc-bg.html apparently it is related to facebook sync .
i have also experienced this problem with an exchange account . my solution was to remove the account completely and re-add it .
there is an opensource application sipdroid , which theoretically could be modified to do proxying . but , judging from the poor general android sip experience , i would think it would be very unreliable solution . easier way to workaround greedy cell providers seems to set up an ip pbx on the home computer , or get a free account at freepbxes . org and get a cheap sip-connected phone number to eventually route your calls thru while using your " travel " device 's sip connection to terminate calls .
may be you can explain a little bit more on what you are trying to do . . also , if you can list those custom kernel files , we can help better . if i need to flash a custom kernel , i follow below process : get the source from the git repository make my changes to the kernel source . change could vary from adding a simple debug printk statement to adding a new driver . build the kernel source using cross-compiler toolchain change the phone to fastboot mode ( i am talking bout g1 phone ) use ' fastboot ' to flash the custom kernel ( zimage ) using command : ' fastboot flash:raw boot zimage ramdisk . img ' use ' fastboot reboot ' command to reboot the phone using the new kernel hope there is some clarity now .
the kernel is part of the " boot image " , which is stored in a separate partition in the flash memory , not in a normal file . see http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack,_edit,_and_re-pack_boot_images
download titanium backup and delete unwanted apps ; here is a list of apps safe to remove rollercoaster . apk ( game ) peggle . apk ( game ) edge . apk ( game ) quadrapop . apk ( game ) wisepilot . apk ( gps software have to subscribe only trial 30days ) roadsync . apk ( synchronization with microsoft exchange ) neoreader . apk ( bar code reader - uninstall and download new version free if you need it ) moxiermail . apk ( similar program as roadsync . apk ) officesuite . apk ( mobile systems officesuite trial version ) emanual . apk ( sony ericsson e-manual ) emanuallauncher . apk facebook . apk ( facebook app - can be removed and installed again from android market ) playnow japanese and chinese text inputs pccompanion . apk - remove dop . iso in the /data folder timescape uwlopprovider ( . apk ) usersupport . apk semcsetupwizard . apk setupwizard . apk semcemailsmall . apk readytorun . apk sync . apk omadataserviceprovider . apk backupandrestore . apk semcbrowser . apk drmprovider . apk stk . apk com . facebook . katana . apk pccompanion . apk blockbreaker_2_deluxe_sms_demo . apk calculator . apk ( if you do not use it ) edge . apk notes . apk ( if you do not use it ) orkut . apk orkut_plugin . apk peggle . apk roller coaster operator_prefix . apk you can find titanium here https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.keramidas.titaniumbackuphl=en
check out the " barebones " page in cyanogenmod 's wiki .
alright . . . line 5026 , is the culprit : reading this , it looks like the proxy address was set up incorrectly which explained why it crashed . you have it set correctly ? it might be best to log this with featvpn 's developers as to why its happening when going through the setup procedure . also noticed in the log , you are running greenify , would that be clashing or conflicting with featvpn .
found this on youtube : go to settings -> security -> phone administrators , then un-check this app and proceed to uninstall it by the usual means .
download es file explorer and uninstall gravity screen by going to app manager then select gravity screen and uninstall it .
if you are using the wifi tethering you can mac filter it by only allowing certain devices to connect . also make sure you have the password set and maybe even change it if you need to .
you can try enotify or enotifylite . . . it enables you to customize email notificiatons and create your own alerts based on the subject , sender and other properties : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hermes.enotifylite
try these apps : mail alert by droiddevwork ( on appbrain ) maildroid by flipdog ( on appbrain ) disclaimer : i have never used any of them .
it is a built-in feature of froyo , as long as the developer has built the app that way . however , you are mostly out of luck , unless you are willing to root your phone and install cyanogenmod and apps2sd or jump through the hoops bruce details in his answer . if you do have android 2.2 or higher , the app sdmove can be a big help in moving apps in bulk . sdwatch is also useful , as it monitors apps you install and alerts you if it can be moved the sd card . ( there are , of course , other apps that do the same things . they are just the ones i have used . )
actually , there is way . it is not perfectly seamless , and it requires that you partition your sd card yourself . the steps below were provided by sparx as an answer to this question . it worked for me , and i am running stock android 2.1 on a motorola milestone . enter link2sd - it is freeware and works with android 1.6 and above . you will also need a partitioning tool - i used the excellent freeware easeus partition manager ( epm ) to ensure no data was erased during the repartitioning / resizing . first , download and install epm . pop your storage card into your card reader . start epm your card should be visible amongst the other drives/partitions in your pc . select the partition on your card - it should cover the entire length by default . right-click and choose resize/move and then reduce the partition size ( this is what shows in windows ) until the unallocated space size is of a suitable size . ( the unallocated space will be allocated as the partition on which your apps will be stored . ) click ok . an aside - even though link2sd supports the creation of the second partition ( in which your apps will reside ) in the fat / fat32 format , windows only recognizes the first primary partition which is why this newly created partition will not show within windows inspite of it being fat / fat32 . we shall be using either ext2 / ext3 or ext4 as the file system in any case . onward . . . right-click this new unallocated space and choose create . click yes on the warning that describes what i have said above . now , in the partition label , type in a label like " androidapps " or whatever suits you . this is critical - the create as should be primary choose file system as ext3 and click ok . click apply in the main window 's top left corner ( big blue check mark icon ) . epm will carry out the operations . congrats ! you have just re-partitioned your card and without any data loss too . ( hopefully ! ) assuming you have installed link2sd in your phone and the sd card has been re-inserted . 11 . reboot your phone . start link2sd and it should detect your partition . a list of apps is now displayed . click the app you want to move to the card and then click create link . that is it .
there is titanium backup . it is description says : you can move any app ( or app data ) to/from the sd card . requires android : 1.0 and up it has a free version . it requires root: how do i root my android device ?
it is entirely up to the drive and enclosure . the usb mass storage protocol does not have disk-specific instructions , e.g. for spinning up and down drives . the only thing you can do from the android side is make sure the files are not in use : e.g. by adding a .nomedia file as you already found .
i think this is really an issue with some driver/software or less expectingly hardware . both me and my wife have the sony tipo and at her phone ( blue edition ) is reporting a wrong amount of free space ( 177mb free , 1,2 gb used ) were my phone ( white edition ) is reporting a more accurate amount of free space ( 1,1 gb free , 0,9 used ) . beside the color of both phones is different there is no difference in sw versions . the only difference in usage i can imagine is that she is rebooting her phone quite often ( daily ) and i am only chaging phone volume in the night . maybe there is a problem with bad memory blocks on the sdcard , although i do not want to root her phone and do not know whether it is possible to see it another way .
the internal storage is also used to store system apps , and the data from system apps . it is possible that most of the space is going to system apps , and sony is quite bad for including loads of bloatware .
not a solution , but look at the difference between an apps memory usage when its on the internal memory , then on the phone memory . i have an app taking up 1.39 mb on the internal , move it to phone and suddenly it is 33 mb . why it hides all this memory i do not know .
devices with internal sd cards / memory ( for instance , my galaxy s3 has 16gb ) , are split into many partitions . 4gb goes for os/bootloader/recovery/system/etc 12gb is partitioned into /dev/mmcblk0p15 and mounted on /data /data contains 4 main folders : /data/app /data/data /data/dalvik-cache /data/media /sdcard ( aka your user-available storage ) is not a real partition , its actually a ' symlink ' of sorts to /data/media so the settings-> storage ( and a lot of apps , eg ; es file manager ) , will report 12gb as your " total " partition size for /sdcard , even though your " sdcard " actually has 12gb - app - data - cache = 10.5gb ( in my case ) space available to it . you need to be rooted , and use an app called " diskusage " from google play . . it will show you where your used space is going . hope that helps !
try this . . . hook your android device on any pc . . . plug it in and turn on usb storage . . . and then right click on the device and then choose properties and then choose tools tab . . . run error checking and then let check both automatically fix system errors and scan and attempt to recover bad sectors . . . after this go to the root of your memory there would be a hidden folder named found . 000 . . . delete that and youll be problem free . . .
your phone keeps the thumbnails of all the photos that go through your phone . connect it to your computer and delete all the contents of the folder called " . thumbnail " in the internal storage . you should find that folder inside the dcim folder .
ok so you are wondering if you can change the download folder by changing some sort of config file . this sort of behavior has been sort of deprecated in android . as an android developer , we are supposed to make all of our cache files private so that they cannot be accessed by another person or , more importantly , another program . letting other programs root around in your files was a big security hole for linux , so it is kind of frowned upon now , so i would be very surprised if you found a config file where you could change the download folder . if you want to be able to set your download folder , then you could try to find an app on the market that has such functionality . and yes i know the frustration you are talking about , i used to use my droid 3 for doing my school email and finding and opening attachments was next to impossible .
no . however , two methods to alleviate the problem come to mind but both of them can only be implemented by the developer : the first one is to display a notification , android will give apps that do this a higher priority than others . the second one is to save the start time so when the timer gets eventually restarted , it will not be reset .
there is sometimes an option to lock the app . this prevents killing or stopping of that application in the phone . lock option is not available in the os itself , using some 3rd party apps like go task manager , etc , can help .
simple answer : no . android always uses oom ( out-of-memory ) prioritizing to free unused memory . you can change the priorities of apps ( at least until reboot ) with some task managers but even then if the memory runs low , apps in the background start getting killed . think about this scenario : you have downloaded a badly coded app which runs on boot , causes a buffer overflow and hogs all your memory . normally , this app is killed , but if it is set to stay open it effectively bricks your phone until reboot , and after that starts again , and again , etc . some timers use services with high priorities to avoid this problem , but if you launch enough high-performance , resource-hogging apps while the timer is in the background , it will eventually get killed .
ok , here is how i solved the problem : i followed the first part of the directions here : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/motorola_droid_2_global:_full_update_guide to wipe the flash and install older version of the motorola software . ( specifically , section 2.1.1 ) then i upgraded to the version that i was running before the update started attempting to run .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
i think the " task manager " app was available from the samsung apps store in android 2.1 , i seem to remember downloading it from there at some point along with the " my files " app . you can try going into applications list on your phone , finding the " samsung apps " icon and looking through the list in there . if your phone is running android 2.2 then the task manager is " built-in " and is not easy to delete . you can see if it is still there by holding down your home button for a few seconds until the recent apps list comes up , and you should have a taskmanager button at the bottom .
why not drop the mp3 directly into a directory either ringtones or alarms within the subdirectory of /sdcard/media/audio/notifications ( this is for earlier than ics ) ? iirc ics had this directory structure on the sdcard , aptly , /sdcard/alarms or /sdcard/ringtones . drop the appropriate mp3 in there , and it should be picked up the android 's media provider and away you go . if google music does not have any identifiable information pertaining the mp3 , the filename will be used instead .
you will need to either use a different media player player pro winamp mx player i am pretty sure all the above , plus others , can set ringtones from mp3 files directly from the player app itself . or , you can use any of the many different ringtone makers freely available on the play market . i like ringtone maker you will just open the mp3 , find the section you want to save as a ringtone and crop it , save it , then set it ! you will need to do some searching around your file system first to find out which songs are which though . as i remember , when you download audio from google play music for offline use it does not save them with titles or anything really identifiable :/ edit that is the problem with google play music . you have to open them and listen to them . if you use one of the above mentioned players it should load the metadata for you , telling you the artist , album , title etc . i know player pro will show you the path of the given file by long pressing it and choosing view details . i am sure the others would have similar functionality . however , using these players to set ringtones does not allow you to crop and choose which part you want saved , they will just set the entire song as the default ringtone , which is probably not what you want . most likely you will need a combination of the two : open player pro ( or whichever other media player ) and find the song you want , view details/properties and note the file path . open up ringtone maker ( or whichever you choose ) and navigate to that path , and open the file . you will then be able to select which portion of the mp3 you had like to set as a ringtone . you can then save the ringtone as either an alarm , ringtone , or notification to be used respectively .
if you are comfortable with copying files in a file explorer go grab es file explorer if you do not have a file manager already . make sure that root browsing is enabled and navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/files/music . hopefully you do not have too many songs stored locally , cause this is the not-so-fun part . go through song-by-song by selecting one and using Google Play Music to complete the action . when you find which file is the right song , copy it ( for es , long press then select copy , could be different for other apps ) . now navigate to /sdcard/media/audio/&lt;whichever_folder_applies_to_you&gt; if you are on pre-ics or /sdcard/&lt;whatever_applies_to_you&gt; if on ics or jelly bean . paste it in ( hitting paste on the status bar for es ) and you should be good . if you are not comfortable with copying files in a file explorer if for some reason you do not want to copy , then still figure out which song is the right one . then when you go to set your ringtone/alarm/notification use the ES File Explorer entry that pops up . then navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/files/music and select the right song .
you can not do that since it has been coded in program level you can not change the prefix dsc in all photos . you need to have the code for the apk and change the prefix string and build an apk then only you can do that cheers . . . . . .
the specs at gsmarena mention tv-out ( via mhl a/v link ) , which suggests it should work . on the other hand , expertsreview states : the micro usb port also doubles up as a display output , though surprisingly it does not use the mhl standard that we have seen on numerous recent devices , such as the samsung galaxy s3 . instead it supports the new slimport standard , which is based upon displayport . which suggests the standards are incompatible ( other sources i consulted underline this ) . an even clearer hint you will find in a review by anandtech : when i wrote that review it was not immediately clear what advantages slimport offered over mhl , which has become relatively ubiquitous in the year or so since its introduction . since then i have acquired the slimport microusb to hdmi 1.4 sp1002 and vga ( d-sub ) sp2002 adapters from analogix for testing out slimport on the nexus 4 . . . . as of this writing , the analogix sp1002 adapter is available on amazon for around $30 usd . i have not seen the sp2002 available online anywhere yet , however . as this shows , there're slimport adapters available which are not that expensive ( though not that cheap either ) , and are probably better fitted for your purpose . as you either yet have to buy the cable , i would rather go for the right one .
it seems that mhl is not supported but its cousin streamport according to here http://gb.slimportconnect.com/supported-devices/ and explained here http://blog.clove.co.uk/2012/11/02/what-is-slimport/ . not bought yet but i guess chromecast might do the trick anyway for more recent devices . loic
you need to run an ssh server on your phone , such as sshdroid . you can launch adb shell from sshdroid , and then run am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; . for example , &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; is something like com.android.settings/.Settings .
first of all , if you are not using knox you do not need to worry about the triangle status . second , to use triangleaway you have to be rooted , with supersu . if the google play version does not work , try the latest beta v1.99r3 which should fix many seandroid related issues . in fact it is highly recommended that you get rooted , so that you can remove both knox , ota updates , and the triangle , before you will receive the next ota update which may completely lock down your device . if you have never flashed your phone , and it is showing the triangle , you have either received a refurbished device or you have been cheated by the seller . the triangle is an indication that a otp ( one time programmable ) fuse has been blown in the past , due to flashing .
you can exec this command from the pc $ adb shell screenrecord /sdcard/video.mp4  need android 4.4 ( which you should have ) . devbytes : android 4.4 - recording app videos : http://youtu.be/etzrxxok_bs
you can remove the account that it " defaults " to and try to re-add the account . i think there is some type of bug in the newer version of the market because i have the same issue from time to time . it is not the " default " account , and i have like 8 accounts on the device ( all google accounts ) but it always wants to use this one . i found that it " fixes " , but usually only temporarily , if i go in to the application settings and clear the data for the market app .
although you do not have a screenshot , they are most likely apps that have recently been installed , updated , or have updates ready . i can give you more specific help if you post a screenshot .
i believe you are talking about gmail app and your work account is also google account . if its so not only you can chose what imap folder to subscribe but also what notification you want on that folder . press menu -> more -> settings under account settings click your email address you will see a option " sync inboxes and labels " . from there you can chose quantity and folders .
there are some additional options available in k-9 mail , but it offers only the following choices : " all " , " only 1st class folders " , "1st and 2nd class folders " , " all except 2nd class folders " , " none " . not sure if this helps in your case , depends on your folder structure .
its possible by checkng running apps . you can limit your background processes . i am sure that your phone will never lag as before . settings> more> developer options> limit background processes> set to 3 or less . please do not make any changes in other options which will lead to problems if you are not sure what they are doing .
ok you can also do this without installing any other app as well . all you need to is goto settings -> applications -> running here you can see the apps number of processes and services . memory used by the apps . apps/services running in the background . ( which maybe slowing down you phone ) . hope it helps . . . . . : )
if you already suspect a particular app ( facebook in this case ) , just uninstall it and see if the problem goes away .
you could try to use some live monitoring app , e.g. os monitor . these usually offer you a view on apps currently consuming most of the ressources , e.g. hogging your cpu , eating your ram , or utilizing your network : os monitor showing running processes , and showing network connections ( click images for larger variants ) running processes can be sorted by several criteria , such as name , cpu usage , and more . the device being " laggy " most times means some app consumes all cpu power , or i/o , or ram – so this should help you figuring out . an alternative to mention is systempanel , which even offers you a manual ( for your situation , the system monitor page would apply ) . in its payed version , it even offers you background monitoring , so you could first let it collect data for a while , and later check for the " largest consumers " . systempanel : running processes , overall ressources ( click images for larger variants )
go keyboard also has an up button . you will just need to launch the editor .
1 ) if this game has to tested on your device and if you have the source code of the project you can disable or change the listener of button or what components it may be . the constants for catching the up button click event you may see in the activity . class is the following ; KeyEvent.KEYCODE_DPAD_UP  or KeyEvent.KEYCODE_CHANNEL_UP  you can change this constant with other keyevent constants . see link : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html 2 ) if this game does not have to be tested on your physical device , then there is emulator option whose virtual keyboard has many buttons . while creating android virtual device you have a bunch of screen options , ram storage , etc . you can create virtual device whose hardware is almost same with your physical device . after that you can push the . apk file by using adb-install command and test it on virtual device .
im not familiar with your device , is the big thing in the middle on the bottom a trackpad type device ? i.e. can you use it to scroll a long page if you rub your finger over it like you would a laptop trackpad ? if so then rubbing that thing with an upward motion should send the dpad_up event , which i assume that game is listening for . you might also try pressing on the top edge of this button thing , perhaps the whole thing is a dpad of sorts . if that thing is not able to scroll at all then im afraid you are probably s.o.l. the game is listening for an event that your device is incapable of sending . if you are interested in development then let this be a lesson to consider all device types and input schemes when designing your interface . {rant} what is with the trackball hate ? the first several devices had trackballs on them , and it was an excellent input method , now they have moved them all to this optical / touch sensor crud {/rant} edit : so even if your device does not have any type of trackball type device you are not entirely sol after all . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pedrocorp.virtualtrackballhl=en that is an app that will give you a virtual d-pad or trackball . there might be a free one if you search around . p.s. if anyone with influence over hardware design happens to see this : making a device with no d-pad type input is terrible , it makes so many interactions needlessly awkward . please do not do it .
if you are testing snake from the android applications examples , you should modify the code in order to include the gesture class . i simply have done this by hooking the event_key manager by the gesture events . good training to get familiar with the gingerbread api :- )
well , if you have cyanogen , you could download swype , and go into the settings of cyanogenmod to show the keyboard on menu hold . then you could go into the edit menu , and press the up button .
according to this forum post , there are a few media players on the android market that will play them ( possibly with a little chop and jitter ? ) natively on the phone .
rockplayer supports . mov files ( at least the ones that i have attempted to view ) . the gui is not fantastic , it is basically just a file manager look , but i do not find myself watching video on my phone much . there could be additional options as well .
the only option i had was to do a factory reset and reinstall all the apps using appbrain .
from what i can make out from your scenario , it seems the culprit is the android 's dalvik cache . quote from a thread in xda forums:- when android starts up , the dalvikvm looks thru all of your applications ( . apk files ) and frameworks , and builds a tree of dependencies . it uses this dependency tree to optimize the bytecode for every application and stores it in the dalvik cache . the applications are then run using the optimized bytecode . this is why when you install a new rom , sometimes it takes a very long time to boot for the first time . any time an application ( or framework library ) changes , it is reoptimized and the cache is updated . and it seems that each time you reboot , the dalvik cache reoptimizes .
from my own experience i also noticed that , even without rebooting , the disk space would have been freed after waiting a little while . so my theory is that the android os distributes write operations to the internal memory in time to improve responsiveness of the device . but the thing i am still not sure is if the memory was needed right now to install a new application , would it be freed for that purpose or the " low memory " message would reappear until the deleted app gets its memory freed .
it looks like what you are describing is actually the proper behavior , though it is not particularly obvious why that is the case . android , by default , scrolls your wallpaper to the left and right when you swipe around your home screen . this means that there is a sort of " virtual " desktop that represents the collection of your home screen pages , and it is ( basically by definition ) larger than the screen 's resolution . the general rule is that the resolution of the virtual desktop will be 2x wider than the screen 's physical resolution , but the height will be the same . therefore , when android is cropping your image for your 1280x800 screen , it is actually attempting to create a wallpaper with an aspect ratio that lines up with your 1280x1600 virtual desktop . thus , if the image you use is 1280x800 ( like your screen ) , it will be cropped and scaled in the process . if you had like to make a wallpaper that fits the sizing of your virtual desktop without any cropping , what is the default resolution of a wallpaper that fits the homescreen exactly in an android phone ? contains some useful links and resources .
if you have your own music collection , you can get a google music account , download the app if it is not already on your phone , and listen to your own tunes all you like . if you are looking for an internet radio app , i would recommend slacker radio , they have a lot of channels with pretty decent selection . pandora is very good , but that only works if you live in the united states .
i heart radio and tunein radio are apps that let you stream fm radio stations . you select the sort of station you like and listen to the music they play . i personally use them for listening to talk radio , but same difference .
depending which country you are in last . fm and spotify are good options for free , streaming music .
i am having the same problem and i think i have got the solution . i am thinking of 2 ways : buy an hdmi to component or hdpvr converter and buy a capture card ( cheapest ) buy an hdmi capture cart ( very expensive ) . you have to make sure the hdmi capture card will be hdcp compatible because otherwise it will refuse to receive the encrypted video . of course , that is the same for the converter but that costs about 40 euro .
according to the manual ( warning : pdf file ) for the phone ( page 24 ) , it is the gps icon . screenshot :
according to the user manual ( page 31 in my pdf viewer , actual page 24 ) , that means your gps is on/in use . you can check your system settings to disable location services ( usually Settings-&gt;Location and Security ) .
i do not think you are talking about this app but tasker can do that : play store similar apps here
using a card reader , try hp 's disk storage format tool i use this to reformat fake overcapacity flash disks to proper size before and it made my kingston 4gb usb work again after getting corrupted .
depending on the recording app installed , that could be done by calling the corresponding activity via the am ( activity manager ) . the syntax for this is explained on the adb help page : start [options] &lt;INTENT&gt;  example given : am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW  this means , you first have to find the corresponding intent . this can be done using any manifest browser ( there are several apps available ) , or e.g. using the activity browser integrated with apex launcher ( long-tap free space on homescreen , select shortcut , then activity ) . the am call then can either be initiated from within a terminal in the way described above , or via adb by prefixing the call with adb shell , e.g. adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW . see also : http://en.androidwiki.com/wiki/adb_shell_command_reference
when it goes on to optimizing apps it will optimize all aps that you have on your phone , that includes system apps that you cannot see/remove ( technically you can ) . if you just check the installed apps on your phone it will just show you the apps that you have manually instaled and that is why the number is not the same .
did some research on this myself before i turned on encryption on my iconia . . . the only way to decrypt the tablet is to do a factory data wipe . the ui should have gave you this warning when you chose " encrypt tablet " ( the iconia sure did ) . if you back your stuff up , wipe , and restore your backup , you should be fine . ( that is where root + titanium backup + clockworkmod + nandroid comes in handy ) this engadget post shows the ui and it is warning about the inability to decrypt .
you can use the " allshare " apk , which enable you to use dlna phone device ( im considering that your sony bravia supports dlna ) .
i am not sure about the g2x , but when i would reboot in to recovery on my galaxy s vibrant , i used to have to " apply updates " , which would run the update . zip that was on the sdcard , this would bring me in to the clockwork recovery . i also know that the adb reboot recovery does not yet work correctly on the galaxy s vibrant version , so this could be the same issue on the g2x .
my wife and i each have a samsung galaxy nexus phone and i have seen this exact issue from both of our phones . the devices can get into this bizarre state where they have a dead battery , yet will not charge when plugged into a charger . on our phones the solution is to remove the battery , wait a few minutes , then insert the battery and apply power from a charger . from there we get the battery charging icon without the device powering up . have you tried disconnecting the batter from the rest of the tablet ? there is an image here showing which connector to pull : disconnect battery on samsung galaxy tab 10.1 also , some devices can power up with the battery disconnected and only connected to wall power . i am not sure if the galaxy tab 10.1 behaves in this way , but since you have already cracked the case it is worth a shot .
i remember reading where someone had a similar problem with his droid x ( software failure , and the bootloader / recovery mode does not charge the battery ) , so he provided the voltage directly long enough to flash / boot normally , then reconnected the charger and battery . if you can at least get it into the " device is off but charging the battery " mode , you should be fine from there . sorry i can not be more specific in regards to your specific tablet .
final answer ( to wrap up the question ) [ short version ] : battery was utterly dead , when popped open and measured at the tabs , voltage was under the safe minimum . new battery ordered from ebay plugged in , tablet worked ! just had to to escape from a boot cycle of doom , root and install cyanogenmod 9 alpha ( of which there are numerous available tutorials for both of these around the web )
prolog : i faced a similar problem of a seemingly hard-bricked samsung galaxy tab ( not sure which model ; a rather modern one ) . when reading xda-developers on this matter , among many discussions of this topic , i stumbled upon an article which was slightly off-topic , but still interesting for me to look through it : it dealt with modifying the hardware at home ( jumpers , soldering ) , so that it becomes like a " developer board " ( used at samsung ) , with more special modes of operation ( here : unbrickable mod ) . and it said under " special instructions": a potential solution : the normal battery charging sequence [ after the modification ] can be activated by holding power for 4 seconds , then plugging in the device i had the crazy idea to try this on the dead device , although this was not advertised as a method to unbrick the normal , unmodified galaxy tab hardware . ( no other method had worked , like charging for many hours , or pressing various button combinations . ) my story : so i pressed the power button , held it for at least 4 secs , and then without releasing it , plugged the charger into the tab . and it powered on ! ( it was 100% charged . ) i thought about this in the following way : some error occured in the powering-on-and-charging circuit , and the described trick reset it , and forced a normal mode in it . epilog : perhaps , what did the trick was the other method mentioned here : to hold the power button , and touch the screen . i am not sure .
i found my solution . this feature is provided in go locker . it is so great , and works with google music as well ! very customizable and there are zillion of themes out there . and most important , it is free . i am sure you now think i am affiliated with them , the truth is yes , i use their products and i am addicted to them , that is it !
well what i love about android is that you can be assured you kind of get more than what you just got out of the box . you are not limited to only what has been shipped . my suggestion is go download widget locker . it allows you to add widgets on lock screens .
if your built-in music app and lock screen does not do this currently , then you can try using winamp as your player , that was the first music app i saw that added the transport controls to your lock screen . go into winamp 's settings to find this option : then it should look a bit like this when your phone is locked : these days most music apps include this feature ( i believe including google music or amazon mp3 if you are in the us ) , try searching the market for something like lock screen music control to see a selection . this feature either needs to be built into which ever app you are using to play your music ( as above ) or you need to switch to using a different lock screen that supports widgets , such as widgetlocker and then you can choose from available music control add-ons like media buttons or phantom music control .
missed the the same thing when i switched from ios to android . do not know if this solves all of your issues , but supports generic controls ( notification , widgets , etc ) for most media applications . media utilities
try n 7 player , it supports what you desire and a lot more . .
i have been using locale to turn on wifi and to switch to 2g based on location and have seen battery life improve . this was on my rooted g1/cm5 and also on my g2/cm6 . on my g2 , keeping wifi on at home and turning to 2g when at work improves battery life a lot . i also turn off sync while at work .
i am the developer of locale . battery life is a key metric that we test extensively . the only feature in locale that has any real effect on the battery is the location condition . at the time of this writing , the location condition in locale 1.4.3 can accurately detect 100-meter location changes within 4 minutes on average , while using 3% or less of the battery . if you have configured locale to turn wi-fi or bluetooth on/off , then battery life may actually improve depending on the exact configuration .
if you trigger events by gps co-ordinates ( and possibly wifi ) , then they will drain your battery significantly , like any other gps app would do . if you trigger events by date/time , etc . then you will experience minimal battery reduction . often the benefits of these apps weigh beyond any downside , i.e. turning your brightness down or screen timeout down when your battery is getting low .
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
i am a long-time user of locale and a fairly new user of tasker . i find both to be very helpful tools in managing my device automatically . i use locale for all gps-related tasks . vibrate when at work between work hours . silent when at home between sleeping hours . when i first installed tasker i ported over these profiles and found that my battery life was decreased dramatically no matter how i tweaked the polling settings . tasker is more of a action/response application in my setup . when placed in the car dock , tasker autokills the car home application , enables bluetooth , and launches google navigation . when headphones are plugged in launch the cubed music player . disable vibration on all notifications when the computer usb cable is plugged in . i do not mind running both or having paid for both but i was disappointed in that i could not accomplish everything in tasker . the dual setup gives me at least 30% more battery life than running tasker alone . if you do choose tasker , be sure to experiment with the polling frequency of gps and network-based location . that also helps vary the battery usage dramatically .
do not forget that when using sensor based profiles . . combine them with non-sensor based . . like dont use a profile that will only check light level and adjust the display . . combine it with ' display on ' and a cooldown of some minutes . . and dont let it change level if it already has that level . . the battery use is in the hands of the user . check every profile you create if it uses any additional battery and if so . . tweak it . always have your location checked on cell instead of gps and if more accuracy is needed , still have your gps triggered by cell near . . so you get near an area , that will turn on the gps . . trigger your app . . . and have it switch off gps as soon as app is killed . . . when configuring cell near , let it ' roam ' for at least a minute , so you get all the cells needed . this kind of making tasks will make tasker a true battery saver .
as locale , tasker tries to minimize battery drain . of course , if using gps location , it needs to check gps -- which itself consumes a lot of battery when permanently updating the current position . but there is an easy solution to this issue . combining location conditions is where saving can kick-in : if you only need a raw position , stay with the cell near condition . as cells are either known to the system for telephony issues , this needs no " extra power " . if cell near is not exact enough , going with network based location is a little more accurate -- though this requires a little more battery power as well . if you need an as-accurate-as-possible location , combine conditions . e.g. put a cell near condition for the raw location , and add a gps position for more accuracy . tasker then would use gps only when the cell near condition matches . this way you have the best of two worlds : energy saving while not close to the configured locations , and accuracy for triggering the desired action .
fixed ! i posted a similar question on xda . forums and was pointed in the right direction relating to fastboot protocol . my device was not showing as installed correctly in device manager and nothing seemed to fix it , re-installing/driver updates etc . i started from scratch by uninstalling the original nabi drivers , java , sdk and adb drivers . ( i kept windows 8 usb unsigned drivers installed ) . i re-installed java , sdk , and adb drivers . i did not install the original nabi drivers . after re-installing everything , in device manager my device had no conflicts and when fastboot was selected in &lt ; 3e> recovery i then got the second fastboot protocol menu up and was able to use the command line to send the twrp image file to the device . ; 0 ) success .
can i increase this capacity to 1500mAh or 2000mAh ? did you mean increasing capacity from 1350mAh to 1500mAh on same battery ? ? it is not possible . if your phone supports a battery with capacity 1500mAh or 2000mAh , you can buy a new battery with these increased capacity . check manufacturer 's website for details of phone and batteries .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
i had juice defender on my nexus 4 . when i upgraded to 4.4 , i had to uninstall it to get automatic wi-fi reconnection . still rooted , and all is well .
i found out what the problem was : on every single device there were ' battery saver ' apps installed . the devices are in my workplace , so i am not the only one who uses them and someone must have installed those apps . i did not care for them until now and they never did any harm , but they somehow must've interferred with the new 4.4 android . after uninstalling them everything is fine on all devices : )
i read that this happen to phones that are rooted , if your phone is , try to restablish to original configuration and updated it .
if you are using a custom rom ( like cyanogenmod ) or stock android go to Settings&gt;Display&gt;Automatic backlight . click on enable and select the window length option to change the time according to your needs .
i had a similar issue , but it was with visual voicemail notifications . easy fix for this instead of calling t-mobile is to : login to your T-mobile account &gt; plans &gt; services unselect the free visual voice mail service go into your phone and go into apps &gt; running apps and disable all the t-mobile services ( apps labeled in pink ) since then , i do not see notifications for visual voicemail .
i think aside from calling your carrier , there are only so many [ few ] things you can do . i have been reading , and it seems like you can change your voicemail number in settings so call forwarding would be an option . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/276901-there-way-turn-off-voicemail-notifications.html and a very helpful youtube video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_exn-8wxtk8 from the video : force stopping the phone application will clear all notifications from the phone application , including the voicemail notification .
i am in the same boat as you . since i found no way to actually disable voicemail notifications on my nexus 5 , i instead configured the longest possible voicemail greeting the t-mobile system would allow , which consists of complete silence for 3 minutes . i have not gotten a single voicemail notification since .
you can install and configure t-mobile 's own visual voicemail app . you will get notified about your voicemails through it instead of the system 's phone/dialer app , with the ability to dismiss that notification . as a bonus , you can also listen to and delete your voicemails without having to dial in and waste prepaid minutes . be aware that this app needs to be able to send and receive one sms message in order to enable its functionality . if you are using voice+ feature of cyanogenmod custom rom , you will need to temporarily disable it .
short answer : yes . it depends on the currently enabled wi-fi sleep mode . by default , android disables wi-fi when your device goes into a sleep . in this case , 3g is the remaining mode of network communication , and it gets used by gmail/gtalk push notifications , etc . obviously , this network communication takes its toll on your battery time . if you disable 3g you will save some battery , but your device will be completely offline while in sleep . however , if your wi-fi is " always on " , your 3g will never be used , so it does not really matter if it is on or off . however , " always on " wi-fi is a big battery drain by itself . . . update : note that sleep modes and sub-system energy consumption differ from phone to phone . moreover , 3g energy consumption varies greatly , depends on which background services are enabled , proximity of the cellular tower , etc . i have not seen any " authoritative " documentation on this subject . i suggest you check your battery stats ( in Settings -&gt; Battery ) and see how cellular communication affects your battery time overall . usually , it is a very small percentage , so in general dialing your screen brightness a down a notch will have much greater effect on your battery life .
i have a huawei u8510-1 ( android 2.3.4 gingerbread ) and when i got it my battery was having a low duration between recharges . after some tests , by disabling and enabling stuff , the battery cycle started to last more , about 2x more , with the 3g disabled . for me was great since i always use wifi . but this was not enough , the battery cycle still given me a short period of time , forcing me to recharge the phone more or less every two days . the best solution that saved my day and allowed me to really save the battery , thus increasing each battery charge cycle was this app : easy battery saver free it works and really makes a difference . now i charge my phone one , max two times a week , depending on the usage . : ) so , by my personal experience , disabling 3g even if it is not being used , helps saving the battery life , but does not make that much of a difference compared to an app solution . related reading on this subject : what drains more my battery ? wifi , dataconnection ( 3g ) or gps . android how to improve battery life on your android how to save battery life on your android phone by disabling 3g
in android , a launcher is no different to any other kind of app . the launcher just has an extra intent filter that launches it when you press the home button . if you have more than one launcher app installed , you get a chooser dialog to select one , just like any other time you perform an action that more than one app can handle ( such as sharing a photo ) . android packages are not like packages in gnu/linux distributions . they have very limited access to the system , and can not leave files behind them after you uninstall them ( except on the sd card , if they request the permission needed to access it ) . except when allowed with specific permissions ( which you should always check before installing ) , the only real problem they can cause is using the resources of your phone : taking too much power , network , or storage . in this respect , you do not need to worry about an unstable launcher any more than any other kind of app you install . if my understanding is correct launchers like buzz launcher or go launcher significantly change how android looks , but the changes perhaps do not stop just there . i think you are overstating how much a launcher can do . all it changes is how your home screen looks , including the list of apps and widgets you get to from the home screen . a launcher does not affect the appearance of any other app , nor does it change how android works . it is just an app you launch by pressing the home button .
you can try different launchers without worrying about " junk being left behind " or any kind of " permanent " damage . if you uninstall an app it and all its data are gone . i will not comment on the specific launchers you mentioned , since this is a very subjective and sometimes even heated subject . i suggest you try them out . if you do not like them uninstalling is all you need to do to get back to where you are now .
you can use a third-party launcher app like nova launcher . nova will let you scroll vertically or horizontally via Nova Settings &gt; Drawer &gt; Drawer Style .
i do not think this is possible . i had a look around in the settings , but also could not find something to change this scrolling . but there is not a single sense version that i can remember where it was possible to change this setting . so seems very unlikely that they will have changed this .
i had the same reaction about missing the horizontal scrolling . i could not figure out nova launcher the first time around , so i uninstalled it ( but might try it again later - looks cool ) . however , i also found this in a review , which may help you : the app menu in htc sense 5.0 has a clean and streamlined feel to it , and scrolls up and down rather than left to right like the s4 . however , if you happen to scroll horizontally out of habit , the app drawer will automatically move to the next screen . i tried it , and it worked for me . not as smooth as being able to page horizontally by default , but for me it is good enough .
if you move and the signal gets stronger , that does not mean you moved closer to the wi-fi hotspot . because of shadowing and reflections , the signal strength varies unpredictably from place to place . the signal your phone receives is almost never a direct , line-of-sight signal , unless both you and the hotspot are in a huge , empty field . you had have to measure almost every point in the room to find the very best signal : any kind of " warmer , colder " method is not going to work at all . your best bet is just to tune it like a tv : try all the places you can put the phone down , and just see which one gives you the best signal . you do not need to go by the indicator on the notification bar , though : there are many apps that will tell you the received signal strength of all the wi-fi networks in the area . wi-fi analyzer is one ad-supported example , and there are lots more .
could be more than one problem . you could try : su mkdir /data/sdext2 mount -o rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime /dev/block/vold/179:2 /data/sdext2  http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1568686 http://androidforums.com/optimus-v-all-things-root/695963-link2sd-tutorial-new-updated-version.html in terminal , if you have access to : folders :  /data/ /dev/block/mmcblk0p2/ /dev/block/vold/  files :  /system/etc/init.d/11link2sd /system/etc/init.d/ 
like bryan says ( i can not comment so had to add another answer . . . ) , it does not move the whole app . the size given after the move is the bit still on the internal storage - it does not give any size for the elements that have beend moved to sd . so in answer to your question , the app does not get smaller , just amount of internal storage used gets smaller .
as far as i know , it moves as much of the app as it can from the internal storage to the sd card . so for instance , databases , images , or other resources would be moved over . i do not know the exact details of how it works .
see where can i find my android applications ? on app space distribution and locations . see also what are the drawbacks of moving an app to sd card ? there is no effect on the application performance so long as the external storage is mounted on the device . the . apk file is saved on the external storage , but all private user data , databases , optimized . dex files , and extracted native code are saved on the internal device memory . so odex file of any app still remains and takes space in the internal storage at /data/dalvik-cache .
there is apparently a trojan on the loose on some chinese android phones . avg has a version for your android phone .
an antivirus solution would really be waste of processing resources and battery life . each application is running in a locked environment and it cannot really infiltrate or break anything on other applications nor on the os . the only thing i would be looking into are malicious applications that are sending your private info to a remote server . in order to do this , a user would need to accept the list of permissions to access their private content . follow these simple two rules to protect yourself about such malicious applications : - never install applications that just came out on the market . - read the comments , usually a malicious application should be rapidly identified and the users will report it in the comments .
an antivirus app will have a major effect on your battery life . a friend with an htc desire could not understand why he could never get more than 4 or 5 hours out of his battery , even turning most things off , until he remembered installing one of the av apps to try it out . removing that brought his battery life back up to what it should be . when the first android troojan virus hit back in august last year , similarly to the recent geinimi trojan , in both cases the affected user had to willingly install an app that was from a third-party source , and go through the permissions screen where the app specifically asks for permissions that it should not really need . an attentive and careful user can protect themselves from these kind of threats just by taking care to only install apps from trusted sources , and to read which permissions an app asks for as it installs , and stop to think whether it really needs to do things like read your contacts and send smss . the real problem will come when a virus learns to either break out of its app 's sandbox and into another , or learns how to give itself root access , or take advantage of the root access that someone else has installed . this is what the iphone worm of about a year ago did , when it took advantage of the fact that the most popular iphone jailbreak app left all jailbroken phones with the same root password by default , and most users never bothered changing the password . no android virus has yet been shown to be able to do that .
kaprica security have twisted this on the head . simply connect your android device to the skorpion charger and it will be scanned for malware , viruses , and malicious rootkits while it charges . a review entitled a smartphone charger that sniffs for malware was written on 4th october 2013 by r . metz for the mit review .
just a quick search results show me that you may try power off and removing the battery some people face the same issue after update
there is a known issue at android 4.4.1 kitkat with the camera . try another camera-app instead and see if it is an android problem . when the other app is working , i recommend to upgrade to 4.4.3 with the fix for this .
sorry but it is not possible to boot from an external sd card since when the phone powers up the processor start to execute code at a fixed adress in the nand , and you can not change that .
there are 2 possibilities : go to google calendar and add your event ( reocurring and ending at a specific date ) using the app : add a reocurring ( never ending ) event , then go to the first date you do not want the event to occur any more and delete it with option this and future events
i have never found a way to copy and paste a calendar event - something for the wish list ! but . . . you can use the repeat function within the event to repeat it to your requirements .
if you are sure they are right , the app is buggy and we can not help you , facebook has changed their protocol/accessibility ( and the app is out of date/will not work anymore ) and we can not help you , or possibly you are not connected to the internet and you should connect , or the port the app uses is blocked and we can not help you .
it all depends on your usage . android system includes sync , so if you are not using your phone a lot then i would assume sync and standby would use the most battery -- so your details make sense . edit : as per the comments , i think the battery usage is being recorded wrong .
from your description , there are two obvious possibilities . the first is that some static electricity or oil on the touch screen is causing it to think you are touching it . try giving the screen a good wipe . also , earth yourself by holding a metal water pipe with one hand , and cover the screen with your other hand . the alternative is a manufacturing defect in the touch screen . faulty touch screens are quite a common problem with cheaper tablets . if you can manage to do this with all the false touches , try to install a paint program from google play and run it on your tablet . leave the paint program running for a few minutes , and any false touches will paint on the screen . you can see where they are happening . you may see a pattern to them , such as all being in one strip of the screen , or always at one point . that would confirm that it is a fault in the touch screen , in which case you should return your tablet and get it replaced .
let 's say : without rooting the device , it is quite unlikely to be possible . on a rooted device , one could symlink the download folder to a folder located on the sdcard , and thus trick the system to directly download to the card ( the way link2sd works with installing apps on sdcard ) .
it is not possible afaik look at those two links : http://forums.androidcentral.com/android-applications/246277-download-install-apps-sd-card.html http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-precedent/620201-there-way-download-apps-straight-sd-card.html but you can download it and move to sd card . for that see this link
es file explorer has this feature . on the side navigation bar you have the options that includes favorites , local , library , and networks . expand the network tab and click lan . you will see your lan resources the same way you see them in windows . click on the computer/share you want to browse . you will have the option to see the items as icons or detailed listings . browsing android files from the windows pc to browse the items on the android from the pc , run an ftp server app on the android ( there are many such as : ftp server ultimate ) . on windows explorer you can type the full ftp link server name in the explorer address bar to browse the files and folders just like the other local files and folders on windows . you can also type the command " explorer [ ftp link ] " in windows 7 search field to bring up the folders . ftp link example : explorer ftp://192.168.1.4:2121  the numbers after the colon is the port . 2121 is the default port used by most of the android ftp server apps .
no . built-in drivers are not modules , they are built-in ( hence the name ) . if it is not showing in lsmod , you can not get rid of it short of building a new kernel .
it is viable , as there are custom roms i have seen that contains the original kernel but different system files . there is a catch though : if for example your device ships with cyanogenmod and you want to put pa on it , you will have to get your hands dirty with the ramdisk as each rom needs slightly different init* files to boot . as for installing the rom , you will need to put it in a zip file and include a META-INF folder which will contain the files responsible for the correct rom flash , e.g. updater-script . the full procedure is too long to mention here , so i would say you should head over to xda to get the info you need .
you just need to add the --user 0 option to your am command .
you will have to be rooted to control from home screen . button savior root will do this for you . you can also download and install volume control + which allows you . to . modify the volume without a rooted device - you will have to use the widget or app ui however .
try bird bar . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mikedg.android.bar.lite and now , for the rest of my 30 characters . . .
since you have evervolv 's rom i assume you have a custom recovery . backup all the files on your sd card . boot to recovery and partition your sd card . i would suggest at 1gb for sd ext .
this will only allow you to install apps automatically onto the sd card if : they have set the app to install onto the sd card ' auto ' they allow you to install onto the sd card most likely , the app ( s ) you are trying to download does not have an auto setting for sd card install , and it cannot be installed onto the sd card .
i suggest you better battery stats , it is what you are looking for .
check rf signal tracker also open signal maps
there are a some apps available which would answer your question . the probably best ones include . . . nosignalalert , which not only alerts you when you lost the signal , but also provides a log 1 of those events , and lets you even browse those " dead zones " on a map and display the collected log information along 2 opensignalmaps , offering similar features , and giving you the ability to show nearby cells 3 ( so if your signal is low , and you want to have a conversation , you can move in the right direction 4 for a stronger signal ) if you are primarily interested in mapping signal quality , antennas might be worth a look as well 5 . it can export collected data to kml , so you can display it in google maps / google earth on your computer as well . then there also is already mentioned rf signal tracker , again rather interesting for mapping 6 , which additionally tracks wifi signal last but not least : g-nettrack is also good for mapping 8 of daily routes and the like . what might be of even more interest to you is how to automatically react on a weak signal in order to save some juice . if so , i recommend you taking a look at the question cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? ( and of course its answer ) .
try the sim info app ; it gives you information about your sim , including your number .
how about taking the sim out and see the number printed on its back side ( the other side of the contact surface ) or next to it ? just thought to say this just in case if you are not aware of !
the best way actually is to dial *#06# on your android phone and it will pop up .
try the sim card details app , this is the best . easy to copy the numbers you get .
or you can dial *1# from your mobile number
i think the best solution is sim card manager .
have you searched in the market using " google " as the publisher ? gmail / maps / search are available there . also found this link - http://handheld.softpedia.com/get/internet-utilities/instant-messenger/gtalk-106808.shtml
installing from market is preferrable , but you probably can sideload them if you exhausted all other avenues . download the apk : http://forum.samdroid.net/f10/google-updates-3468/ if you have adb , then you can install the apk using adb install . if you do not have adb , then save those apks to the sd card and use a file manager ( e . g . astro , estrongs , etc ) to install them . you need to enable non-market installation : settings > applications > unknown sources
i got back ios-like headset control on the google nexus 4 ( n4 ) such as solving the voice command problem from a locked phone with the headset button using " headset button controller " from the play store . i solved this one eventually , but there are many pitfalls . so , this is how i got it to work : first , you can not seem to use the long button press for anything ; so , do not use it . second , set one of the other button press combos ( i used triple press ) to " voice search " and say yes to wake up dialogue box . then , go the advanced settings and select " run in foreground " and " prevent sleep mode " . this actually get you to google voice search from locked , screen off phone and allows voice commmands . the other voice control actions do not seem to work .
as with your other question , i think you will have to use an app other than google 's voice actions to get this functionality ( at least at the current time ) . this is another feature that dragon supports , though . if you enable the " background wake-up " setting then you can use the phrase " hi dragon " to launch the app from anywhere , including when the screen is locked . for that matter , you can say " hi dragon " while the screen is off and it will wake up the device and launch dragon for you without requiring any manual input at all .
i wanted to do the same thing but the long press feature seems to be locked down by google . my work around was to install headset button controller and bind three button presses in a row to voice search which works great . there is a trial version but i was happy to pay a few euro for the feature . incidentally , the app also fixed the headset button not responding sometimes when the screen was locked by enabling prevent sleep mode while the headset is plugged in . its in the advanced settings area . i am using a galaxy nexus on 4.2.2
q : how does bump work ? a : there are two parts to bump : the app running on your device and a smart matching algorithm running on our servers in the cloud . the app on your phone uses the phone 's sensors to literally " feel " the bump , and it sends that info up to the cloud . the matching algorithm listens to the bumps from phones around the world and pairs up phones that felt the same bump . then we just route information between the two phones in each pair . q : no way . what if somebody else bumps at the same time ? a : way . we use various techniques to limit the pool of potential matches , including location information and characteristics of the bump event . if you are bumping in a particularly dense area ( ex , at a conference ) , and we cannot resolve a unique match after a single bump , we will just ask you to bump again . http://bu.mp/faq your phone has some idea of where you are using cell phone cells or wifi networks , the are several applications that use that . gps would only work outdoors . so using time of the bump and somewhat accurate location provided by either cell phone cells or wifi networks it can see which two phones are bumping .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
you could report the bug to the android developers , or vote on an existing bug , if there already is one open . this one looks a bit like the issue you are talking about . make sure you explain exactly what is happening , and how they can reproduce the issue .
it is perfectly possible to skip android versions , but 2.3 has not been released for the galaxy s . see when will my phone get the android 2.3 update ( gingerbread ) ? you could try a custom rom , however ; check out xda 's sgs development forum to find one .
there is a beta version of a custom gingerbread rom made by darky ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=814091 ) , but it is still a bit tricky to install and not a stable release . it works almost flawlessly on my phone , but there are some bugs . if you had like to have an official or a stable rom , best to wait .
please clarify what is the intended goal and why ? android phones have their own boot-loaders and cannot be overridden by other means . it is not like a pc 's bios where you can switch the ordering of boot to boot from certain devices such as network pxe , usb , primary/secondary h.d.d. . . edit : after the comments below , and in relation to the op 's question is there any way to boot an android phone ( e . g . one with usb otg functionality . ) via way of a bus-powered usb drive the generic boot-loader ( *which resides on the chip-set ) has no knowledge of usb etc , as the lk ( little kernel ) is more concerned about trapping keystrokes in order to chain-load into recovery or to boot directly into android environment ( when holding vol+down key in this instance ) - in pseudo-code ( this is from the context/aspect of lk , and also , the memory addresses pertaining to how to read the partitions are hard-coded into this lk so it will know how to process the logic ! ) the lk kernel is the de-facto standard by qualcomm for msm chipsets ( snapdragon ) and adopted by manufacturers such as sony , motorola , lg , samsung and can be found in the aosp source under bootable/bootloader . if ( is volume down key pressed ? ) then chain-load kernel from /recovery partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution , in bringing up the recovery environment else chain-load kernel from /system partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution in bringing up the android environment . end if . as the kernel within lk is pretty limited , considering that the binary image of the kernel is burned into the chip and therefore no way of modifying it . and also should be mentioned that lk contains the fastboot protocol in preparation for flashing /boot , /recovery , /system and /data partitions . there are two sequences to boot , primary boot and secondary boot as it is : primary boot -> lk ( depending on outcome of logic ) go into secondary boot -> /boot or /recovery side note : samsung is fond of the pbl/sbl ( which is primary boot loader and secondary boot loader respectively ) in their jargon when it comes to modding . thing about samsung , is that , in some handsets , pbl and sbl may be encrypted ( samsung wave gt-s8500 is one such example , where porting android to it was nearly impossible to do because of the drm within the boot loaders which was a nightmare to deal with and made modding it extremely difficult , nonetheless , it is sort of working via an exploit in the fota code ! ) this is why there are no extra facilities such as otg functionality or anything else such as serial communications , reading from sdcard , graphics etc as it would make the lk kernel bigger than is intended . in other words , it is the smallest possible size of kernel that is designated to do just the above pseudo-code happen . also , another way of looking at it is this , and this is dependent on the android version - the usb otg functionality is fully brought up within the android environment , i.e. when the familiar home screen appears , then otg 's functionality is enabled . unfortunately not the case when looking at it from lk 's perspective . if you are curious , here 's the qualcomm entry on the above lk which is a part of the tiny c source that has arm assembly included and found in jellybean 's aosp source in bootable/bootloader/legacy/usbloader/main.c
the vertical bars have handles where they meet the bottom of the graph , so you can adjust the date range that it presents . just tap on the handle for the left bar and drag it all the way to the left of the graph to see your usage from the beginning if your billing cycle :
you could easily hide by using custom launchers like apex or nova . but if this is not an option , you could try apps available on google play like [ ccswe app manager ( root ) ] or [ hide app-hide application icon ] which needs root access . *i want you to read the user feedbacks on google play before consider using the app because some said the icon gone forever after it was unhide . you can also try to disable the app from setting -> apps . this will hide app icon from app drawer . you can enable it again when you need it .
you are using ssh -T which prevents tty ( 4 ) allocation . without a controlling tty , many things do not work – without any tty at all , a lot more things do not work . do note that your original problem is not due to the lack of a controlling tty , but due to the lack of a pty/tty pair allocation . what you are having here is basically input line “editing” – in your case , not-editing – on the ssh client side , which is then transferred over ssh to the android device . try with ssh -t ( lower-case t , note the difference ) . i can locally reproduce your problem by running ssh -T localhost mksh -i , which also leads to a shell without any input line editing , so pty/tty allocation is the way to solve , here . i assume , from the edits on the question , that /dev/ptmx exists and /dev/pts is mounted already , and that this is an selinux problem . setting $TERM will solve nothing here : it is merely there to tell programs that use termcap or curses ( mksh uses neither ) which physical terminal ( or emulation thereof ) is connected to the tty device . mksh uses a tty for command line editing if it is there , and disables command line editing if it is not there . you need to edit your selinux policies to allow the ssh server to allocate a pty/tty pair ( or even several ones ) per connection . ( this answer has been edited to fold in the comments from this and the original question , and to reflect some edits to the question . )
have you tried sdptool . this link has " sdptool " command syntax . you can issue the command even from adb shell on your connected android phone . but i guess this quires the other bluetooth devices . but this will be good starting point for you .
i do not know about sms but you can block all incoming calls . just go to settings > call settings ( under " device" ) > call blocking and select your preferred settings i.e. block incoming calls .
well , that is weird but i think there are two gmail account put over the device , try going to the settings> accounts and backup . check if there are two gmail accounts configured , better to remove google account , once you remove the gmail account its again going to ask for the google account , but before configuring also head over to the application manager and clear the cache and the data stored by the contacts , and then restart your device an configure the gmail account which you were using previously again and see this time does the contacts appear again or not ? i do not think it would appear again anyway let me know how it goes for you !
what i did : move my actual contacts to the sim card wipe the data from the contacts storage app in the application manager load the contacts from the sim .
if nobody else is having the issue , i would send it back for a replacement . you probably just got unlucky . though you might also want to compare the wifi signal strength with your other phone , and try some speed tests to see if it is actually an issue or if the number of bars is just misleading .
this link : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google%20mobile/thread?tid=72cde4a29b9021c3hl=en on the google forums would indicate that there are some connectivity issues with the nexus s
nasty carrier ! sorry to hear that . if you rooted it and put cynogen mod 7 on , that would get rid of all the moto and verizon bloat and you could have as many email acc 's as you want :- ) http://www.droid-life.com/2011/06/15/download-cm7-released-for-the-droidx/
i do not know whether there are projects of this kind . what comes nearest probably is the android-x86 projects that is a port of an android environment on desktop workstations : http://www.android-x86.org/
nothing like that exists yet since the apps are not run natively in the os , but they use dalvik virutal machine instead ( wikipedia ) . it is somewhat comparable to java in the sense that it uses bytecode and creates a separated environment for each app . so unless the dalvik environment is ported to other platforms , they can not be run on normal hardware . there is a project called alien dalvik by myriad that tries to run android apps in different environments , but there is not much info on it . myriad alien dalvik
you can use an alternative sms app , e.g. handcent . i think the spell checking feature is probably htc specific ( afaik , htc has their own sms app ) .
go to : settings-> language and keyboard-> touch input-> international keyboard , and uncheck all the languages except the one that you are texting in .
you have downloaded an app using an advertising platform that uses these ads . these ads are actually against google play 's developer policies , so when you find the app ( see below ) that is doing this , be sure to report it . there are a few ways to find the app : when did the adverts start ? if you can remember this , try and think of any apps you might have installed not long before they started , and uninstall them . are there any apps in your manage apps area that should not be there ? uninstall them , and see if the adverts go away . check through all your apps , and look at the permissions . adverts like these will need loads of permissions , so if you see an app with many permissions which it may not need , uninstall it and see if the adverts go . if the worst comes to the worst , you can factory reset and reinstall all your apps one by one , however this is a last resort , as you will lose all of your data .
it seems that you are connecting the tab in media player ( mtp ) mode . try switching it to camera mode , it usually gives better results . if i remember correctly , this option can be found in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Menu button (top right) -&gt; USB computer connection .
most likely hidden directories used by android to store hidden data , that are shown/visible when you connect it to your computer . try using root explorer on your tablet to see the directories .
you can try side loading 4.4.2 and then a factory reset from that android version
have the same issues as the first bloggers that posted . i have the nexus 4 16gb and in february 2014 , i cracked the screen and changed the digitizer . in the process i tore the lithium polymer bag for the battery and subsequently the phone started to have a sweet smell . after 5 days the phone started acting up with these ghost images which was typing the same random characters in google plus , the camera took photos by itself , it shut off by itself and made squealing noises and just have been crazy . only upon plugging in the phone into the adapter charger would stabilize and use it on a regular basis . after reviewing several blogs , one person recommended changing the battery , which i did and this has fixed the phone . i have had a new battery in the phone for over 4 days now and it is working perfectly fine . i am running kit kat 4.4.2 and have all of the different kinds of apps installed on the phone . screen replacement and battery replacement can be found on youtube . first ! change your battery , do not give up the phone . spend the money ( $21 amazon ) and do not regret because you did not try to change the battery and see if it works again . hope this helps and pass it on to others you may know ! **update : apr 13 , 2014 . phone is working as normal using usb charge and wall charger . it is the battery causing the ghost images .
i believe superoneclick works for rooting the motorola droid on 2.2 . http://shortfuse.org/?page_id=2 after rooting your phone , you can use wifi tether for root users . https://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/
when i first rooted my droid ( with easyroot ) , i remained on the stock rom until i got annoyed by the ota update message ( and ended up switching to cm6 ) . however , i was able to use wireless tether without doing anything else . no new kernel , no mods , nada . just root on vanilla android . if you have already updated to the latest version of android via ota , then i am pretty certain you had have to downgrade your phone to get root to work unless there is a new method to get root now . i know for a fact that easyroot no longer works with the ota update .
check the following android apps on google play despy camera ( free ) volshutter camera
there are many apps . you can go with vosco which is my favorite one but without key mapping ( no hardware button to take pic ) but a great one . otherwise , camera360 is a good choice . also you can go with cameramx ( or mx camera maybe ) or line camera or cymera ( this one has a great range of photo editing tools as well ) . all of these can be customized to take pictures with volume key or so .
i think that if you entered in recovery mode ( any of them ) you can use adb to enable frozen apps . it can be done throught the command "adb pm enable packagename" where packagename the app of the keyboard . if you dont remember the exact name use the command "adb shell pm list packages -f" to return all the installed apps and find there the disabled keyboard . an excellent tutorial of how to use adb can be found here http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/androidcommandline/article.html by lars vogel .
i do not think that the above answer is quite correct as when you enter in " recovery mode " ( on an encrypted device ) the /sbin/sh pm command can no longer be used since the device needs a password for decryption . ( i even decrypt my phone and still could not perform the command : ( also thinking about it more running that command to re enable a package would open up a security hole for encrypted devices so this command would of run useless on an encrypted device ( which is not " decrypted " in the first place ) if you have twrp installed as your recovery they have their own keyboard layout which you can enter in your decrypt password and then use one of your backups to revert back ( which i hope you have done ) to recover your keyboard layout . otherwise you will need to install/flash back to your stock rom : (
solved . first of all , i did not know how to enter in recovery mode on cubot gt-99 , but accidentally i enter in it , and i want share this with you because i did not find it on internet . press power for 1 sec and than release . . . phone vibrate . . . immediately after vibration press and hold power and volume+ button . in recovery mode it alows me to : apply update from adb/sdcard/cache wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition backuo/restore user data i tried to establish a connection with the adb , but it did not work because of encrtyption . i made a backup user data and after that i dona factory reset . the new system had the same problem , there is no system keyboard . so i have installed the swift keyboard from computer using the command adb install %PATH_OF_PACKAGE_ON_PC% . i finally had some keyboard with which i could enter my email address and password to enter in google play . there i installed root app delete ( with which i had previously disabled the system keyboard ) , to re-enable the system keyboard . in the end all i needed is to go to the system recovery and restore user data witch i made before factory reset . that is it . : )
very easy ! ! just got to your computer and go to character map or just jo go to word document and hit alt+255 or alt0160 and copy that file into ur phone . then open tht word document in your phone copy the content its copyable . then just paste it in ur whtsapp chat or whtsapp status . but if u dnt want to waste time doing all this just go to ur whtsapp settings and hide ur status ! :p
there is a blank character in character map on windows , if you can set up whatsapp using bluestack or emulator you can easily send a blank message or can set blank status as well but if you cant setup the same this might help you http://blog.drhack.net/whatsapp-blank-status-message-trick/
i would do it by using the free version of endomondo . on your site profile , you can than export the data in . gpx or . tcx format .
you could try gps logger for android . a lightweight , battery efficient gps logger . the purpose of this app is to log your gps coordinates at specified intervals to a file on your sd card . this app runs in the background so that you can on a long walk , hike , flight ride or photo session or even go buy some milk and have this running as long as possible . once you are back at your computer , you can then use the files to geotag photos , upload to travel sites , view in google earth and so on . the app lets you send the data via email , ftp , dropbox , google docs , openstreetmap , or opengts . what you do with it , programming-wise , is entirely up to you ; this part is off-topic here .
the easiest way to do this is use google location sharing/history , a.k.a. latitude . your phone already has all the functionality to do this : you just need to turn it on . then , you can use the api of google location sharing to retrieve the location history of the phone and process it any way you like . you do not need any server-side programming to do this . all that said , probably the best way to get into gis programming is through openstreetmap . it is a huge , complex dataset and offers lots of opportunities for analysis and for learning about different ways of storing , representing , and processing geographic data .
navigate to settings -> language and input -> spelling correction then uncheck the box .
this appears to be a " fix " for the issue . . but it requires root to write to /system/app . i do not want to root my device just to get a standard feature . download these two files : latinimegoogle . apk and latinimedictionarypack . apk put the apk 's onto your sd card copy the apk 's navigate to /system/app and paste the apk 's into the directory rename ( or delete ) the file titled " latinime . apk " you now have a working dictionary for your keyboard !
just found that if you go into android keyboard settings , add-on dictionaries you can select and download an english dictionary there .
go to the play store , and install google keyboard . this includes its own spell checking dictionary . navigate to : Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Input -&gt; Spelling correction  and select " google spell check " . you can click the settings icon to change the language too .
according to " diana fromgameloft " on the gameloft forums : you and your friends have to play the same version of the game on the same platform/device in order to see each other . also " gameloft_ryan " posted on windows phone central forums to say : you can only play cross-platform multiplayer with w8 and wp8 users . there is not cross-platform for android and ios . so unfortunately it looks like gameloft have not included cross-platform multi-player in asphalt 8 , so you and your friend will not be able to play against each other .
it all depends on the developer . some games , like btd5 do not allow cross platform playing , however some do , like spaceteam . its up to the developer if he implements cross platform gaming or not . if its not offered , there is not much you can do about it .
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
type in keypad *#9900# option 2 delete dumpstate logcat it really works and gets rid of that annoying disk thing at top of notifications and can download again hope it helps . i had the same issue and this worked .
put them on the sd card . app data on the internal storage is completely segregated between users ( regardless of whether they are full or restricted users ) , but there is only one sd card for all users . you can add a fake sd card to an emulator : it is another file on the host system , like the fake internal storage .
try to flash clockworkmod on the phone . if this is possible you can make a backup of the original system and trying to rescue important files . after this download a new rom thats suitable for your phone and flash this by using clockworkmod . be very sure that you install the right clockworkmod and rom version on your phone and follow the instructions very well .
what you need is download y210 recovery installer - search google for it . do not plug in the phone yet . after that launch y210 recovery installer . i think is rar file from unknown language - my guess is myanmar . now power up your phone into recovery mode . power + down - hold both for 10-15 seconds plug in your usb . click on y210 button - you will not see anything but the program running in background wait for few minutes then the y210 will say ok , ok , ok . unplug your phone and power down . or remove the battery for 5 seconds then power up with power + up you will see recovery mode . go to menu and select turn off signature verification . then go back and install from sd card and select your zip file . that is all --- good luck ! due to os bootloader locked by this feature you can not rooted unless you disable signature verification . after you can root your phone . with y210 root . zip - search for it .
above answer only stops them from appearing , it does not remove them . for that you will need to root . here 's a guide that kind of answers your problem : be careful ! droidviews : removing stock apps .
the solution is to ‘disable’ the apps from the android system settings and they will no longer appear in your play store updates list . e.g. for google currents : settings > apps > all > find ‘currents’ - tap it , select ‘disable’ . the same applies to the all other listed apps in the question ( with the exception of ' google play newsstand’ which i couldn’t find in the list ) , and when you open the play store updates list anew , they will finally be gone from it as desired .
you can use touchdown ( $20 ) : http://www.nitrodesk.com/dk_touchdownfeatures.aspx for the email download size you can set no body .
if i look at my settings for an exchange server i have a ' incoming size ' under ' general settings ' where i can specify ' headers only ' . i am running froyo 2.2.1 on samsung galaxy s .
there are multiple solutions . as i do not know how you tried to download it ( or with which app you received it ) , i will give you a few " blind shots": downloading it with the browser : this might give you the error you described ( see below for a possible solution on this ) , or might simply store the file in your downloads folder ( depending on the browser used ) . in the latter case , the saved file is often mis-named to .epub.html , so you had have to rename it and strip the .html off to be able to open the book with your reader . receiving it with the mail/gmail app : there should be a way to simply " save the attachment " to your sdcard . you need to find the correct folder with some ebook readers ; aldiko might offer you to import it to its library from wherever you have stored it . downloading it with your pc , and copying it to your device : same steps as above after saving the attachment . try moon+ reader as alternative ebook reader app : as far as i remember , moon+ registers itself for the .epub extension , which should completely solve your problem with the error message ( the book would be opened directly in moon+ reader ) . and even if not , it has a lot of opds libraries pre-configured where you can download books from directly from within the app . one or more of above items should help you out of your misery . enjoy ebook reading ! ps : if you like moon+ : until the end of this month ( february 28 , 2013 ) , the pro version ( moon+ reader pro ) is offered for half of its usual price to celebrate its return to the playstore after having been unfairly banned . this is an offer you should take then : )
no , this is not possible . some cm versions allow you to use the trackball to turn the screen on , but there is no way to turn the device on from cold this way . when the device is off , android is not running , so nothing in android can listen for a button press . the handling of the power button is much lower-level in the device firmware , and is not available for users to change .
if you are using an alternative rom to android , it is possible there could be issues with the rom which might be causing it . issues like this have been seen on cyanogenmod roms in the past , especially on nightly builds ( that is , test versions ) . however , they are correct in that it is more than likely due to apps you have downloaded . i have gone without rebooting , clearing caches , etc . for over three months without any degradation .
the effect you are describing is not caused by the os . it is caused by more and more background processes that accumulate over time and maybe more apps registering to system hooks that need to be evaluated when certain events occur . every os that supports this will be vulnerable . my android has run for the past 1 1/2 years without any performance degradation . always question and confront app developers if they run a service in the background for a long time ( without any need/use ) . interval-like started background services that check/pull for some information and terminate after that are fine . google play music is was 1 a perfect example : the app sets an android alarm ( that is not an user alarm , but more a programmatically scheduled event ) in intervals to perform its sync . but some apps start a long-running service that can not be disabled by the user , and if you have many of these running , your performance will in-fact degrade . 1 google music seems now also to run all the time . : ( but there are other good examples of apps , that understand that they should not run all the time . or where the user is able to deactivate the background service . or where the app developer was competent enough to make use of the rich ( push ) api of android provides to keep the impact of the app at a minimum .
answer by flow is correct in that the increased feeling of sluggishness is not caused by the os , it is mainly caused by apps . but there is another effect i noticed , specially on battery life : the more you use your phone , the more you are demanding to its performance ( and battery life ) , even if it is not conscious . ( it is the same for hard-drive sizes : the more you have , the more you need . ) so , it can also be the your level of expectation is slowly raising . i remember i was fascinated by all the powers i had in my hand when i bought my htc magic some years ago . recently , i switched it on to have a look : it still works alright , but , well , now that i used a nexus one and then a galaxy note , i feel it has a very rough ui and very limited powers . my expectation have raised .
" sign into wi-fi network " says it all : no network , no connection . you most likely changed the password/keyphrase at your router , and forgot to adjust your devices . they cannot log in to the network anymore , hence you get that notification . fixing your wifi configuration will solve the other problem along . edit : thanks to dan for pointing out my omission : the phrasing of the notification indeed points to a " captive network " , which requires a sign-in via browser first . to automate such a login , you might wish to take a look at wifi web login and comparable apps . also see automate web login for wi-fi hotspots ( captive portal ) on android at our sister-site .
well as going by your point that the problem is not limited to you but to your whole family then the problem lies with the configuration of your modem . if the wifi is not configured properly then it may or may not show connected but you will not be able to download or browse any content let it be google play or the internet . as you have not specified any h/w details of your modem then i can only provide a general solution which would be to configure your modem properly either by yourself or from the relevant technician of the modem . also do please check whether the wi-fi is displaying a red cross with an error of irrelevant settings on your desktop or laptop when connecting over the wi-fi or the connection is normal through the lan cable . if its a yes for the lan and wi-fi then you need to get your modem checked by the technician for both wi-fi as well as lan connection
while that ram restriction applies to several low-end devices ( which came with less than 512 mb ram ) , it is not really the main reason for missing updates . and looking into the custom-rom scene proves that many devices abandoned by their manufacturers ( not too seldom for this reason ) are in fact supporting newer versions . so when talking about " official updates " , main reasons are : manufacturers prefer you buy a new device . they do not get " fresh money " for updates . sometimes the customizations done by the manufacturer are too ressource hungry ( a live example is samsung 's touchwiz preventing some of their devices from getting updated ) after a while ( at least after 2 years , for some manufacturers much earlier ; google specified 18 month as minimum ) devices simply get " out of service time " , and thus all further development is stopped . while this might sound harsh , it is at least partly understandable : most devices require hardware-specific drivers which the manufacturer had to update to new versions , and that cannot be done indefinitely if an enterprise needs to work profitable – or prices would go up to something you are unlikely to be willing to pay : ) nevertheless , as i already pointed out : if a device is used widely enough , the community often provides future updates in form of custom-rom s . to install those , the device in question needs to be rooted , the bootloader unlocked , and often a custom recovery is required . so here 's something the manufacturers should at least provide help : if they decide to no longer support a device , they should provide an official way to root and unlock it ( could be done via a " last update " from their side ) , so users at least have a chance to take care for themselves . guess they are simply afraid that would keep users from buying new devices ; )
i recognize this as a recommendation question which will probably be closed quickly . i am a big fan of rssdemon , and have been using it consistently for the past 2 years . it allows you total control of your feeds , including subscribing individually , or importing an opml file created by another feedreader to rapidly gear up . i use it mainly for its podcatching capablities , allowing podcasts to queue up and play . i am not the developer of this app ; they were responsive to bugs i have submitted in the past .
this sounds like a typical bluetooth interference problem . it happens to me from time to time , but i did not notice any correlation with the android version i use ( neither on n1 nor ns ) .
the problem is gone after a fresh install . now , there is no need to answer .
change your password then revoke it is access . also , start using application specific passwords and 2-step verification if you are not already . this makes it easier to control what gets access where . this should prompt who ever is using the phone to reauthorize your account ( via password or 2-step ) , which they will not be able to .
if you go to the market account settings part of the android market webpage at https://market.android.com/account and click on the settings tab , you should see a list of the devices registered on that market account , clicking the edit button lets you hide that old phone from the web interface . that is what you had normally use to remove an old device from showing . if you are worried about whoever renovated your phone using your account , then you need to go a step further than that . the easiest way to block the other phone out will be to change your google account password . then your phone will prompt for the new password next time it connects to a google service , as will your old one , but as only you know the new password it should stop them from using your account on the old phone . to stop this sort of thing happening in the future you ought to think about setting up two-step authentication on your google account , once you have got that set up you can log into your google account 's settings and revoke the access password for any phone or device one at a time once you do not want them accessing your details any more .
download the android file system application . install the android file system app by opening the dmg file , and then dragging the app into your applications folder . once installed , connect your nexus 7 to your mac via the usb cable . open up the android file system app . it should recognize your tablet and then open up a finder type window . you can drag and drop files and media into the window . additionally , you can create new folders and delete files . be sure you know what files your deleting as you can break the os by deleting or altering essential system files . if you get a “no device found” message , be sure your nexus 7 is in Media device (MTP) transfer mode . you can do this by swiping down to open the notification tray and then tapping on the connected as… message . source
if you are rooted you could try wireless tether for root users . more info and more recent versions here : https://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ besides having way more options than the stock wifi tether application it also allows you to have a look at the bandwith used when tethering is active .
ok 1 . download paw server and run it on first user . 2 . run it 3 . go to 2nd user 4 . go to localhost:8080 5 . login with user admin with password paw 6 . go to media > file manager done ! or code your own php script .
/data/media contains a number of folders including legacy and obb , neither of which appear to be shared between users , at least not on my nexus 10 . it also contains a 0 folder which is the emulated sd card of the first user , then 10 , 11 and 12 for the sd cards of the first three other users of the device . i know you said your device is not rooted and you seem to be able to use obb ( which i can not ) but if you root , you will be able to access any sd card image this way . hope this helps in some way .
it is probably mounted only for one user and unmounted when you switch to another user which explains why it is in the same place ( directory /sdcard ) but with different users the content change
after a lot of trial and error , i discovered that the Android/obb folder is automatically shared among users . it is not ideal , but it is better than a cloud storage option for large files .
it is a different user account is why you can not see the files and the user files are stored on the system partition when the user accounts were set up it is assumed the the first account to ' activate ' the device is the master account , all other ones created from that are user accounts , much in the same way you have user accounts on a pc you will have your C:\Users\youusername\Downloads that is not viewable by other users that log into the machine if you want to share things possibly use a cloud storage system like google drive or dropbox but that a bit of a pain having to share individual documents so maybe set up a shared folder you will be able to add a short-cut to that to access them maybe ?
run paw server on user 1 use the built-in file manager
this has nothing to do with permissions . to verify , switch to account 1 and see if the folder is visible . i think you have unintentionally deleted the folder yourself .
there is a nice ( free ) alternative keyboard on the android market - that is somewhere between swype and the built in keyboard - called touchpal . it allows for three different layouts ( 16 key , 20 key and qwerty ) and you can set a default for different orientations - i.e. 20 key for portrait , qwerty for landscape . and there is a bunch of other things it does that make it nice and easy to use . one thing to note is that it is made for chinese and english input but there are options to turn off the chinese input . also , some version of android have a bug that sometimes prevents a newly added input method editor ( ime ) from showing up properly . you may need to restart the handset after installing . all that aside , i use it every day on my htc desire as a replacement for the stock keyboard and i could not do without it . have a look at cootek 's site or search market for cootek or touchpal .
it is possible to develop your own keyboard input method . however , this is not a trivial thing to do . you can either code it yourself or wait for someone else to do it . sorry :- (
if you have cleared your google service framework data to recieve the update , it will change your device id that google uses to recognise your device . this also affects the tokens used by some apps ( i.e. . google now , google search , chrome ) and they wont connect to the google servers properly and refuse to work for a while ( this was like 24~48 hours for me , before these apps started behaving as the tokens were eventually refreshed ) . other non-google apps will continue working . more details of why this happens can be found in this reddit post by a google engineer : http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/11/20/google-engineer-dan-morrill-sheds-some-light-on-the-nexus-ota-process-urges-you-to-never-clear-google-service-framework-data/
if you can connect to the device from a pc then they will most likely be able to tell . it might not matter though because they might not look for that and unless they intentionally look to see if its rooted they will not know . also like @poldie said they might not legally be able to do anything about it depending on where you live .
they will know probably after they fix it . if you rooted it and used a different firmware on the device they can recognize the changes from it is previous memory .
yes , you can clear photos 's cache from the phone itself .
you may install app cache cleaner application . one of the feature is " auto clear all cache at a specified interval " . configure it once and it will never let the cache grow such large .
i rebooted the device and the message was gone .
try rebooting your phone then it should go away .
have you enabled the visibility of these labels/folders from the imap section of options in the main gmail web interface . advanced imap controls were recently rolled out to all users , so certain labels/folders may have been deemed hidden . click settings and then within the labels section , check mark those boxes whose labels you want shown as imap folders by selecting show in imap . =========== update : also check within k9 account settings > folders and make sure certain folders are not hidden .
i went to the folder list . i then hit my menu button and a new menu popped up that said " refresh folders " on the bottom . when i did that , it grabbed the new folders i created and removed the ones i had deleted ( from using previous webmail programs ) .
i was having the same problem ( with a non-gmail imap account ) , what worked for me was to monkey with it . set all the folder settings to display only subscribed folders . then refresh folders . then change it to display all folders . now i can see my newer imap folders . so . . . if you are loathe to re-install your account , try just changing the folder display settings around and then changing them back .
if you are rooted and have a rom that supports recovery like clockworkmod , a full nandroid backup is akin to taking an image/snapshot of your device . when recovering from that image , your phone will be restored to exactly that same state when the backup was taken .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
to answer your question , if you have cyanogen mod installed , no new aps just the rom and you use the phone exactly as you would youse it with your stock rom , yes cyanogen mod will take more battery but at the same time it is more light weight and faster . so yes cyanogen mod does take up a bit more battery then a stock rom , at least from my experinece with cm .
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
it depends . yes , depends on your settings ( auto brightness , wifi scan interval , gps , auto sync enabled ) type of applications installed ( widgets and its high auto refresh rate ) and many more ( kernel wakelock ) etc . just try to check what consumes your battery using better battery stats . from that you can identify , what causing battery drain .
just for my experience with the xperia mini pro ( 3 years of use and the new note 3: the stock was more efficient in using the battery even it was filled with bloatware . same reason why i am looking this up - to go with some stock modified rom or cm which i like more , but battery is a must . . .
for basic phones , you might want to consider the gsm at commands defined to read contacts ( via serial connection , however even most usb data cables will still provide a virtual com port ) http://www.traud.de/gsm/numbers.htm
that format most likely is vcard ( versitcard ) , which even has its own mimetype ( text/vcard ) . according to the linked wikipedia page , it became a standard around 1996 ( and since it was proposed 1995 for the first time , older devices will not know it ) . android 's contacts app uses this format when directly exporting your contacts from it . to my knowledge , this format is also used when transferring contacts via bluetooth ( even to/with older devices not necessarily running android or being " smart phones" ) . mail clients support it as well . so if you are looking for any standard here , this most likely is it .
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
yes , it is possible to install custom kernels on stock roms . the kernel developer will usually say which roms ( or types of roms ) the kernel supports . if you are not sure you can try reading the kernel thread , and there will always be poeple saying things like " working great on [ firmware version here ] " . this way you can also make sure that it will work ok on your version of the stock rom . as for your example , yes you can flash this on your stock rom : xda-developers
yes . you can flash a custom kernel on your stock rom , but it has to be the appropriate kernel i.e. it has to be the version the kernel supports . in this case you will be limited to overclocking only . however , you can download setcpu , nofrills , voltage control , cpu contol , etc to enjoy max .
i installed cm10.1.3 and cwm on my unrooted gt-i9100 just two weeks ago . you do not need root to install cwm , and you do not need root to install cm10 . however , installing cm10 rooted my phone automatically .
in general , no you should be able to install cwm with needing to root , but most of the tutorials i have seen for the s2 gt-i9100 involve rooting the device . here are a couple links that may be of interest to you . i do not think you will need to root to install cwm . as always , proceed with caution when flashing . galaxy s ii gt-i9100 install cwm and root samsung gt-i9000 galaxy s cyanogenmod install : flash clockworkmod recovery index of guides/tutorials : sgs2 gt-i9100
are you sure it really was one of your relatives sending this mail -- and not just a spammer using their address as sender ( as the url suggests ) ? i would for sure not install that , to me it looks like malware . ask that relative first if and why and what he sent . a google search revealed some related information : on xda one encountered something similar , and they assume it is rather malware bestappmarket informs this app was removed from google play ( hm , guess why ) . same information is found at androidinformer and here it comes : virustotal clearly lists it as malware , being detected as such by several malware scanners . conclusion : keep your fingers off ! do not install !
check out an app in the play store called ' barcode generator / reader ' . and here 's a link on how to use it : link
from the home screen hit the menu button , then choose settings > location and security and from there you should have an option to set up a patter or pin based screenlock . the pattern lock will give you the option to create your own pattern on the 3x3 grid : if you want to be able to draw a completely random pattern , cyanogenmod 6.2 has the option to draw any invisible gesture to unlock the screen .
justpictures ! might be the app for you . it has excellent support for picasa web albums and lets you download ( sync ) full albums to your phone . you can also save individual photos to your sd card ( open a photo , press menu , select save photo ) . highly recommended . one limitation is that you may struggle to open other people 's albums . related link .
you can sync picasa albums to the web via a setting in the software on your computer . google gives you a little storage for free . then on your phone you under settings-> accounts and sync , select the google account and tick sync picasa web albumns . next time you open the gallery app , it will show all the photos that have been uploaded to the web .
you can use an app called photosuitcase where its primary use is to make your own facebook , picasa and flickr available offline .
i have tested this on my g2 , thumbnails are stored and in some cases the full picture , but it is not consistent and there is no way to know which has been fully downloaded . the best way to view photos offline , is to manually download them from picasa on your computer to your phone over usb . it would be great if google offered some way to know which albums were actually " synced " or if there was an option to download full resolution of all picasa albums for offline viewing .
do i understand that your goal here is to save a single picture for offline viewing ? if you access your photo via the stock browser rather than the picasa app , you can long press on any image to bring up a menu of options including " save image " -- that will download the image to your sd card . i am surprised that picasa does not offer a similar option inside the app -- i would at least try a long press there , too .
connect the usb cable to your computer and copy the image files from your computer to your device . alternatively , use picasa on your computer to publish to picasa web albums , but keep the album private .
the picfolio app from google play downloads picasa photos and thumbnails to my external sdcard . in settings , you specifiy which picasa web albums you want to cache on your phone and where to put them , external sdcard or internal . display still works when both wifi and 4g data services are turned off on my samsung galaxy ii ( gingerbread 2.3 ) . ( you have to turn both of these off if you want to really test app caching , at least on my phone . ) justpictures ! and picasatool produced good read-only cached album results only when there was a data service of some kind . i just turned standard android picasa sync totally off , so that it does not mess up the sort order of photos taken only on my phone . the images are already there on picfolio . there is also an upload to picasa option , but i have not used it yet . i use the pro version , currently $2.99 , to avoid advertisements . i hope this helps others , as this thread certainly helped me . thank you .
try installing gallery3d from xda and sync it with your google account . it has a offline feature . you can get it from here , http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=653503
according the google 's developer page here , google play is not required for admob to work . from the site : the google play services library supports even devices that do not have the google play store . to update such devices , download and bundle the latest google play services sdk ; then relaunch your apps to propagate updates to your users . devices that do have the google play store are automatically updated to the latest version . there is also an answer here which explains that google play services is not required to be able to have ads served to android devices . if google play services is not on the device , the version you compile with your app will fetch the ads instead .
it depends . usualy when you would pair a device to you car audio player , the player would only want the files on it . but that depends on the player and what type of connection it makes with it is paired devices . so basicaly i think you will have to try and see if it works .
there is an important distinction that needs to be made : accessing a file vs downloading/exporting a file . . . the dropbox app and other 3rd party apps that use the dropbox api allow you to " access " files in their cloud location . everything you do to this file is synced ( assuming the app is well made and working correctly ) . essentially the file is being downloaded in the background so you can open and work on the file and then reuploaded in the background when you are done ( ie syncing ) . i use apps like estrong file explorer and several note taking apps that use the dropbox api and every change i make to a file is synced when i save the file . downloading/exporting the file is different . in the dropbox app you can " export " a file which means download it to a local directory on your device . apps like docstogo do not support the dropbox api so there is no way to directly access dropbox files from within the app . in cases like this you have to download the file to your device to access it with this app . this downloaded file is not monitored by or synced by dropbox so you had need to upload it or sync it manually somehow . there are third party apps that do this , i use dropsync . tl ; dr : if you are editing a file directly in an app that has built in access to dropbox you do not need to worry syncing , it will happen on it is own . if you are downloading a file from dropbox to edit it in an app that does not access dropbox directly , like docstogo , you will need to use a 3rd party syncing app like dropsync . edit : i think this is the scenario that you have . . . you open a file " example . txt " through dropbox and it opens a dialog that lets you choose the default app and you choose " xyzyadayada " app and the file opens in that app . you make changes and save them , dropbox will detect this and will sync the changes . if you skip dropbox next time and just open up xyzyadayada and see example . txt in the " recent files " list , that is probably a locally cached file . if xyzyadayada truly does not communicate with a dropbox api then that file is saved locally , probably in it is own directory and opening and editing that file will not be detected or synced by dropbox because it is a copy of the cloud file that is saved locally on your device .
i do not know if the dropbox app does this or not - last time i looked ( shortly after it came out ) , dropbox 's app was not really doing sync on android , it was more of a nice version of the web interface . i use dropsync to achieve this effect - you can even set how aggressive it is on downloading/uploading vs . battery status . i use it to keep my keepass database synced across devices , so i have it set to upload right away if it notices changes , but only download when things are good , battery wise .
for dropbox and officesuite ( if you edit from the recent files ) , they seem to sync . i am not sure with other apps . in any case , if you need a two-way sync , you can always use dropspace . see this similar question : how do i sync with dropbox ?
android does not support a standby or hibernate mode .
try clearing the data and cache for the app ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage apllications ) and then syncing . hopefully it will work after that .
--occurred only after 2.3.4 update for me . --tried clearing cache for facebook , gmail , internet - worked , but only temporarily . only thing that worked was factory reset . i did not want to do it , but now phone running well , even with increased battery life . --all paid apps will be saved --use verizon backup to back up your contacts before you reset
this error is not just for the total storage , it is also for specific " mount points " like /data/data , for example , where the applications on the device store their data . if this mount point becomes low on space , because it is not given access to " all the storage " , then you will receive that low space message . you can uninstall apps that you no longer need/use or go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the data for apps that are using a lot , or you do not use often .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
look at this amazon help forum about this issue . i found this : this is a bug in the kindle . do not reset your device people ! ! ! just go onto your amazon account and " manage your device " and deregister it . that resets the parental control password . go to the device and hit resync . when thats done go into the settings gear , my account , and register it using your amazon account info . it will be as before , nothing lost . i just got off the chat with a helpful amazon tech rep who gave me this information . also take a look at this answer on a forum found at askville . amazon . com : if you forget your password , you can deregister your kindle fire from manage your kindle (www.amazon.com/manageyourkindle) to reset the parental controls password . deregistering your kindle fire will also allow you to keep any downloaded items on your device . once your kindle fire has been deregistered , tap sync from the quick settings menu on your device , tap more , then select my account to reregister your device . if you are unable to deregister your kindle fire from manage your kindle , you will need to reset your device to the default factory settings to regain access . if you have added any personal documents , music , videos , or other content to your kindle fire , ensure it is been backed up prior to resetting your device . resetting your kindle fire to the default factory settings will delete all content on your device and you will need to register it again before downloading items from your amazon account . to reset your device to the default factory settings : k6: tap the quick settings icon in the top right corner of the screen , then tap more . tap device , then tap reset to factory defaults . k9 / k9-hd / k10: swipe down from the top of the screen , then tap more . tap device , then tap reset to factory defaults . to ensure your kindle fire has the latest software update , visit : http://www.amazon.com/kindlesoftwareupdates kindle fire also supports parental controls for in-app items purchased through the amazon appstore .
if you can not seem to find the answer to this question on one of amazon 's faq sites and/or the in the instruction manual , back up your data and do a factory reset . it is also the quickest way than rather run around in circles , but be careful , that data could have some stuff that you can not afford to lose ( like my " flappy bird " high score ) .
you could just try de-registering your kindle from your amazon-account and you may get rid of the password . note that that will delete all amazon content ( like books , apps and so on ) but it should leave other things untouched ( like your own photos , music or other stuff you have sideloaded to your device ) . you would de-register it at manage your devices on amazon . after re-registering you should be able to download all your content from amazon again , including books , apps and so on . answer found here : yahoo answers
try out these links : how to undo parental controls on a kindle fire kindle support if thes does not work , then factory reset is the option . you will lose your data , so back-up your data before resetting .
try smart switch with this you can easily transfer your backup from your old device to new device with ease . check this link . you must have the old backup folder in your c:/ drive under the kies folder/backup . note -if you deleted this wanted/accidentally done then you have lost your backup and cannot transfer any backup . next time onwards please store your backup files in a folder known to you in this way you can open the folder and directly send the backup anytime you want .
i found that running kies restore does a seemingly complete . sbu file extraction to a temporary directory such as : C:\Users\{LogonName}\Documents\samsung\Kies\sbu\te mp\{NumberID}\{Files Extracted} one can copy the files from there .
samsung kies extractor can help you restore backuped contacts , text messages , call logs , apps , music , videos and photos to your new galaxy phone . youtube video : samsung kies extractor
uninstall the device from device manager , then plug it out and in again : )
this is more question than answer , but nobody else is following up , so here goes . local is separate interface on your laptop , just like your ethernet adapter and wifi adapter . just because a program listens on 127.0.0.1:1080 ( localhost socks proxy ) does not mean that it will listen on another interface . " access the laptop 's localhost from my device " is not possible . proxies , that are not intended for public use , normally listen only on localhost for security reasons . if you must connect to the laptop 's localhost socks port , you need " tcp tunnel " software running on your laptop to listen on a reachable interface and redirect it to the local interface . realize that you are creating a security risk if you do , because the tor client on your laptop will not be able to tell whether it is you connecting to the local socks proxy port . it is been a decade since i last looked for " tcp tunnel " or " tcp proxy " software , so i do not know which to suggest -- you will have to research it . and the questions . . . when you say " virtual router " , do you mean http://virtualrouter.codeplex.com/ ? something else ? is it bridging , or routing ? the page is unclear . it would become clearer if you attached the results of running " ipconfig /all " on the laptop while the virtual router was up . please also indicate your device 's ip while connected -- fing will get that easily if you need it . what do you mean " orbot is unable to connect via the wifi 's proxy " ? when you connect to your virtual router , can you connect to the internet ? apart from tor , is there a proxy involved ?
you can try exporting from sketchup to other formats such as dxf ( tutorial to do this in the free version here ) for which there are viewers for android . more information here .
in the Settings menu look for the App section . from there you will be able to select it and find information about it along with the package name .
the answer is "android.clients.google.com" with port 5228 ( tcp ) .
ok , there has to be at least one other contact , then there are these " three dots " .
you can do this easily by pairing the devices and enabling data on the first device . steps are listed below . enable bluetooth on both the devices . ( obvious ! ) then , pair them up by clicking “search for devices” on one of the devices and clicking on the name of other device . you’ll be asked to verify a pin number . it doesn’t matter what the pin number is , as long as it’s the same pin number on both devices . go to settings , choose More then choose Tethering &amp; Portable Hotspot . in there , you have tick Bluetooth tethering . if you don’t , the tether will not work ! on the second device , go to Settings , then click on the word Bluetooth ( not the toggle – the word ) . finally , click on the name of your second device you paired earlier . to get it all working , choose Internet Access . now you should be able to use the data connection of your first device .
the battery backed memory that holds installed apps is clearing when the battery goes dead . do not let the battery go totally dead like that . it kills off your battery life , unless you have already damaged it .
you can turn off notifications or if you have access to an app like smartactions , you can create a rule that does that . but if you are using wifi or mobile data , your best bet is to turn off notifications . . . . annoying yes , but it is but necessary
yes , websites can use the webrtc extension to access the phone 's camera , with the user 's permission . not all browsers support this extension , but chrome for android does .
there are different approaches to achieve that goal : using a " cam server " app on the android device , and have it uploading pages to a web server same , but streaming same , with integrated web server ( so no separate upload ) having a fully integrated and programmable solution for all four approaches you will find matching apps . for the latter , i think e.g. of paw server , including a web server with scripting support . for " cam servers " , you might wish to take a look into this list .
not by default . certain roms like cyanogenmod do allow you to customise the toggles and the order in which they are displayed . a possible workaround could be this app - notification toggle
stock roms often do not allow to customize notification toggles . either you will have to flash a custom rom ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) or install a third-party app ( e . g . widgetsoid ) .
not on a stock rom , sorry . on certain custom/aftermarket rom 's , such as cyanogenmod , have the ability to customize these icons , by letting you add , remove and reorder the icons .
there is none in my knowledge . the good reason why its not there because if its applied to specific models then anyone who owns the same model and knew the code can erase your privacy . so its not a good idea .
there is no way to do this , although you could do it using sms . you would have to install an app like cerberus which allows you to send an sms to wipe your device .
i just opened the device manager and updated the driver . it looked for it online , and i just unplugged the nexus and plugged it back in and it worked .
i turned off my tablet and turned it on ! worked for me
make sure that : your device is in usb debugging mode you have the device drivers installed with the device connected , delete any ' android ' devices in the device manager . do this by highlighting it and pressing the delete key . disconnect then connect the device .
you can find out by issuing the command mount at a terminal prompt ( either via adb shell of using any terminal app ) . as i have no access to your sdcard , i cannot answer the question for sure ( i could only tell you about mine , where the relevant parameters are set as codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 . so it is " latin-1" ( iso-8859-1 ) , which seems quite logical with a fat file system , and probably is also used in your case . full list of options :
( per originator in comments : ) pulled battery and also did factory reset . all now works .
if it starts to boot ( goes to the boot logo/animation ) or recovery/download mode at least tries to load , then the motherboard is not damaged . your device is soft-bricked , and just needs to have a compatible rom flashed , and your userdata erased for your device to be fully functional again . the person is the service centre does not know what hey is talking about ( i would not trust those people - they just want your money ) .
i guess what you are trying to say is that you want the screen to stay for a longer period of time after getting locked . if that is the query then it has a very simple answer . simply go to settings> display . now there you must see something like ' screen timeout ' . just tap on that and choose the time you want to keep the screen awake . now it'll also keep the home screen awake for the selected time . this is because there are no settings for changing the screen timeouts differently for home and lock screens . what you can do now is simply press the lock screen button at the top right . once the screen gets locked press it again such that the lock screen appears . now it'll say for the time you selected . : ) hope it helped . a positive vote is always appreciated . :d
just maybe i have got the answer to your second problem too ! ok so here it is , head over to google play store ( link here- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chemdroid.screentimeouttogglehl=enreferrer=utm_source%3dgoogle%26utm_medium%3dorganic%26utm_term%3dscreen+timeout+toggle ) and download this app called screen timeout toggle . now open the app and tick ' always active ' . now the screen will never time out . now what you must do is lock the device 's screen manually by pressing the lock button . now if you slide down it must say ' screen must stay on ' . if it does not show that then you must tap on the toggle option . this would make it start . now lock the screen again and there you have it . it'll never time out . there is just only one problem , and that is that the developer says that ' now it works for 4.2 also ' . so i am just not sure that whether it would work for you as you said that your device is running 4.1 . if it worked then please let me know . positive vie is always encouraged :d
use data2sd instead of creating the symlink manually from the terminal . usually sd cards are formatted with fat32 , data2sd creates an ext2 embedded partition instead . . . more detailed explanation here .
yes you can do that . scripts like data2sd do exactly that .
there are a few options available , but the effective ones i came up with will require root access . and the second option may require an unlocked bootloader ( i am not sure if the note 2 can unlock its bootloader or not ) . even if you have the most recent version of android , google has not enabled multiple users for phones ; they figure people share tablets , but have their own phone . and there are some issues that come with multiple users on a phone . specific app profiles ( root required ) there are apps such as titanium backup that let you create profiles for apps , and it works on any version of android . you select the apps that you want to be multi-user . then you add a widget to your homescreen that lets you choose which user you want to switch to . titanium backup will then back up the data for the current user and restore the backup data for the user you select . if you are worried about one user getting text messages , you will either have to insert a different sim for each user ( and thus change the phone to a new number ) , or set up each person with a google voice number . then , have the google voice app be set up with multiple profiles . full nandroid backup/restore - most effective ( root required ) if you root it and install a custom recovery , such as clockworkmod ( cwm ) or twrp , it would be a very simple process . just do a full backup of the phone , then do a factory reset . give the phone to your mom , and she can set it up like her own phone . once she gives the phone back to you , do a full nandroid backup again in the recovery , then recover your own image . this will clear all her data ( except anything stored on the sd card , such as images and other files ) and restore your own . after you boot up the phone , it will be like she never touched it .
ok , when in bootloader - the binary app on windows/linux etc , fastboot should detect it fastboot devices , but in recovery , presumably that is a stock recovery for said devices , i.e. not cwm , twrp etc . so no adb running in the stock recovery , which is further implying , that boot loader is locked ! had it being unlocked , it would make things easier ! however , as am not familiar with the device , it might be worth your while to read this thread , ( but do not act on it either as by the sound of it , you are not fully certain yet ) . other than that , will leave it at that and wait until someone who is in the know with said device will respond . my answer is more generic .
the pdanet adb driver ( http://pdanet.co/a/ ) worked .
the simplest way would have been using the contacts ' app integrated export/import functionality : on the " source device": open contacts , open menu , select " export/import " , export to sdcard . this will export your entire contact list ( including photos ) to a .vcf file in the root of your sdcard . copy the resulting *.vcf file to the " target device " on the target device : open contacts , menu , export/import , import from sd . chose the file . done . see also : transferring contacts how can i transfer my all contacts from old htc wildfifre android 2.1 to lg optimus vu moving from one droid to another
i think what you should try and i just did and it works really fine is the mobile-trans application with it you get even to transfer the apps , videos , messages , call logs and a lot more stuff and you get it exactly as is . though you will have to connect your android devices to a computer with two usb cables . you could also use dropbox on your s3 to save all your contacts in a cloud server as a vcf file ( above ) , then sign in into the dropbox account using your nexus 5 and save the contacts in there , google should work fine .
you use your gmail account to configure your contacts from one android phone to another . login into you google account from your galaxy s3 phone . sync your contacts with your gmail account . import contacts from your gmail account to your nexus 5 by syncing your nexus 5 with your gmail account . get access to all your contacts .
several ways actually . the most simple way i found was to sync all your addresses to a google account . if you do not have one create one . on the s3: <code> from settings scroll down and choose accounts and sync . choose add account . choose google . choose existing to add an existing account . type in the email id of the account . fill in password and sign in . </code> on the other device , simply sync to the account again . all your contacts will be pulled in .
just login the same google account on two different phones . google account will sync them automatically . https://www.google.com/contacts/ you may check more above . alternatively , you can follow the tutorial below . how to transfer contacts from samsung galaxy to nexus
you can use superbackup application from appstore . it stores almost evrything in seperate csv files , that way you can change your devices on fly , and still wont loose any data . goodluck
the samsung galaxy y is a low spec phone and most importantly this can be observed with its display . some common models in comparison ( by resolution , pixel per inch , screen size , price ) : galaxy y : 240x320 , 132 ppi , 3.0in , 110eur galaxy ace : 320x480 , 165 ppi , 3.5in , 190eur galaxy nexus : 720x1280 , 316 ppi , 4.65in , 410eur the text is blurry because there are much less pixels per inch to allow it to display text beautifully . you most probably can see individual pixels without a magnifying glass in comparison to " hd " displays like the galaxy nexus ' and such .
yes . the text is blurry in samsung galaxy phone . if the text is not eligible in any apps you can use zoom option . or you can buy other costlier smartphones mentioned above .
on razr , it is hold the volume down button and the power for 10 seconds .
htc 's solution to this issue is to " press and hold the power button for at least 10 seconds , and then release it . htc one x will be shutdown and then boot again . " this is the only solution i would be able to see . if you require something more , then as a phone modder i would recommend you take apart the phone and manually disconnect the battery . this is rather risky unless you are confident in what you are doing . you may be able to refer to this page : http://htcpedia.com/news/htc-one-x-how-to-take-it-apart.html for a tutorial on how to disassemble the unibody of the htc one x . the last safe option you have is to simply wait a day or so ( since it is stuck on ) until the battery drains completely . from there of course charge it up again and continue with whatever software modding you were doing .
it greatly depends on what conditions made your phone to freeze , but generally a long press ( 10 sec ) on the power button might get your phone to reset itself . ymmv , though .
yes . i can power down my frozen galaxy tab ( with an unremoveable battery ) by holding down the power button for more than 10 seconds . before i found that out , i used to wait for the battery to drain overnight when the tablet had frozen .
just installed picscribe . this allows you to add comments to exif data . can not tell you if its a keeper app , as i have yet to abuse its power . . . ! ; - )
there are a couple of apps in the playstore which permit you to view/edit exif data : photo image editor - photoshop ( free ) says it can view , edit , or delete exif data same promised by photo editor exif editor and viewer ( paid ) promises to remove , modify , and add individual or multiple exif tags pixelgarde even states : edit exif metadata for several photos as a batch , or just individual photos there are probably many more , so i just picked two of the more promising examples .
assuming you are using ics ( android 4.0 ) , do the following to change your input method . goto Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Keyboard and input methods then check the box in front of the menu item Google voice typing now you can select the voice typing as your input method .
first , export your contacts . from the contacts app , touch the menu button and select import/export . then choose to export to sd . then from the sd card , transfer the file to your computer ( i used dropbox ) . at this point i simply deleted all the contacts off my phone . i get an error notifications that sync had failed because too many contacts had been deleted , but when i tapped on it , it gave me the option to go ahead and delete them on google . then i went to google contacts and imported all my contacts . then i did a bit of cleanup , and everything got synced back to my phone .
if there is an app you like by that publisher , open the entry for the app in the market and select " view more applications " . or you can search by name : pub:"Google Inc." 
i am using im plus , which was the only thing i could get to work with our jabber server . it is been very solid for me and they have a decent forum community , too . fwiw , i liked it enough to pay the $5 for it .
i am using gibberbot . it is worth taking a look at . free software , multi-protocol . active developer community . definitely still in beta but that does not mean it will not do what you need .
jabiru is another one .
xabber supports muc/conferencing
i am using trillian for android . as far as i know it is still in beta , but worked well for me so far . though i did't use it in any extreme situations yet . oh , and it does not handle calls yet . edit : it is out of beta . . . and now you have to pay for it . if you do not like that , or do not have the money ( or you can not buy apps from the market like me ) you should use something else .
if it happens when the phone is off it is gotta be a bad hardware connection . i am guessing on of the leads just barely makes contact or something . you may want to get a replacement .
http://www.android-x86.org/ this is the only android distribution for intel/amd processors that i am aware of . it has little support , but is actively maintained . the latest version is a release candidate for android 2.3 . obviously hardware support is hit and miss . for what it is worth it runs very well on my eee pc . you can install the iso to a usb drive with unetbootin , or use a drive imaging tool with the . img file .
are the correct drivers for your desire installed on the laptop ? i am using windows 7 and with the correct ( 64 bit ) drivers installed , it just connects to the desire and sees it as a connected network adapter .
i went to a cricket retailer ( not an official store ) for an unrelated issue with my new phone and , interestingly enough , they can , and will , flash the stock rom back onto my phone . so , problem solved and lesson learned !
you can periodically check status of real connection using HTTP GET by tasker . you can restart the data again by tasker in case connection is stalled . but , its down side is that it'll drain battery faster .
take a look at apps like connection checker or connection state notifier ymmv , it seems to work well for some people whereas not so much for others .
i just had this same problem . apps worked this morning . i noticed that my 3g was not working during lunch so i shut off phone and took battery out . booted back up and i noticed that the apps on my sd card would not load . i rebooted , took out battery and sd card couple more times times . nothing seem to work . so i googled the topic and found this forum page . gave up because i did not see any resolution . by the time i got back to work ( approx . 30 mins . ) and had time to google other solutions , i went back to my app manager and the app icons suddenly re-appeared and seem to function properly . ? ? ? it is like the sd card just needed time to boot up ? lol . like 30 minutes . anyway . i am on an lg optimus slider running android version 2.3.4 .
depending on the setup , you may be able to bypass it . this is the case if it is the default google setup wizard . if it is not , then there may be no way to bypass it , and you will therefore have to follow it through . when you wipe the device , it will show again on next boot , so why do not you just follow the setup and then wipe it ? this way it will be as if it was never booted for the next person to turn it on .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
i do suppose you went to settings > wireless and networks > mobile network settings and have " enable always-on mobile . . " checked on ?
i find moving the cursor to a particular place in some text far more accurate using the trackball than trying to select it by prodding the touchscreen . i would say that there might not be a specific use case which can not be accomplished using only the touchscreen but that there are certainly tasks for which using the trackball is easier . it is all probably quite subjective though , and depends on user preference .
i suppose to best " answer " your question , the trackball is there to assist when the touch screen is not accurate enough . it also exists to give people more choice when scrolling and or selecting . personally , i never use it for that but instead use it for trackball wake . not having to push the power button every time to turn the screen on is a god-send . i , like others here , also run led customizations to notify me of specific things .
a lot of devices ( like most of the galaxy s family ) actually do not have a trackball/pad at all now . i very rarely used the trackball on my old htc magic , and have not missed its absence at all on my galaxy s . it is not needed these days , the touchscreen is enough .
i wager that it was a way to attract blackberry users .
beside moving the cursor in a textbox it is also nice as blinking orb of information . for mine if it is blinking blue i have a tweet waiting and if it is purple that is a google voice message , etc . and it blinks red and then blue and then green i have three things waiting . armed with that kind of information i can make a decision about if it worth getting the " stare of death " from my wife if i pick it up at dinnertime . what i really need is to have it blinking red if a new angry birds is available at the market .
start and use wifi with a working router . you probably inserted the sim card and the sd card with a file which uses the net to load something and will not do it on gprs .
maybe your sd card is corrupted . i have a galaxy y , and i faced the same problem a few months back . i changed my sd card and tha apps started working .
/storage/sdcard/android is probably where all the data is . you can manually delete files out of there , but i would recommend using the application sd card maid . i say that just because it has a lot of functions to clean up data from apps that are no longer installed .
have you tried to clean your log files ? probably that is the problem . if your phone is rooted , you can delete all files in the /data/log folder . if not , and you have a stock rom , just enter *#9900# into your dialer to access sysdump and click on delete dumpstate/logcat
i use an app called airdroid which allows me to upload folders/files to my android phone . it is not done via bluetooth , however . it is done through my 4g connection .
as usual : try with tasker . tasker can react on " network near " ( check for wifi ssid ) , you also can check signal levels and react depending on that . this way you could not even check whether a certain wifi network is in reach , but also how strong its signal is -- which might prove helpful e.g. in an office building with multiple wifi networks to determine which room you are in .
this may be the best resource for answering your question : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/phones.html
all phones ever since 1.6 have been accessible . however 2.0 and later ( and especially 2.2 ) are much better at it . i think you will be safe with any phone 2.0 or later ( which is almost all of them now-a-days ) .
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
it was released , but only in china : in may 2010 , the company launched its 2,899-yuan lephone , which china unicom sold 145,000 units after hitting the market , to compete with apple 's 4,999-yuan iphone4 .
you can try unrevoked if you have the right htc phone . i have not tried it , but people say it does not wipe the phone . the other one you can try is superoneclick which also roots the phone without wiping i believe .
sadly there is no such option in the official gmail app . you can try using a third party mail client with more options such as k-9 mail : http://k9mail.org/
well , yes smtp headers can be seen over the gmail apps . login to your e-mail account ( which i am sure you are logged in over your gmail app ) . click over the email you wish to see headers on . on the upper right portion of the message box , you will see a reply or reply-to-all button , with a small downward pointing arrow . click the small arrow . you will see the message sub-menu , and an option for " show original " click " show original " is that you are trying to do ?
in the messaging app , access menu > settings > text message limit and set it to a higher number you like . hope this helps .
what is the app that is currently launched when you open a music for in es ? find that app in the settings > apps and tap on clear defaults ( not clear data ) . note that you need to clear defaults on the music player app , not on es file explorer . alternatively , you can go to es settings ( open es , then tap on the icon to the left of the current folder path , then tap on settings on the bottom ) > cleanup settings > clear defaults .
just uninstall hangouts . the app will go back to the old gtalk
as far as android is concerned , they are the same app , and hangouts is just a new update for talk which happens to change the user-facing name . ( apps also have a package name , which is how android decides if they are the same app . ) it works like any other update : it completely replaces the old version in your phone 's internal storage . like any other update , once you have updated , you can not go back to the version you had before . but in this case , talk is an app that is built into your rom ( assuming you are not on a custom rom : if you do not know , you are not ) . like any other app from the rom , you can uninstall all updates and go back to the original version . to do this , go to the settings app , go to the apps page , find hangouts in the list of apps , and click uninstall updates . this will not restore the version you had before the update : it'll go back to the original version that was on the phone last time you did a system update . ( if you have never done a system update , that is the version that was on the phone when you took it out of the box . ) there is no guarantee that such an old version will continue to work .
the chrome to phone extension is what you will be wanting . to get chrome to phone , install the chrome to phone extension in your google chrome browser and the android app on your phone , and you’re ready to go . chrome to phone extension adds a button to your google chrome browser that instantly sends the current youtube video , web page , map , or selected phone number or text to your android device running froyo ( or android 2.2 ) or up . for firefox users , there is a compatible firefox addon foxtophone , which sends urls etc . from firefox on the desktop . it still needs the same app installed on the phone .
as izzy said internal storage usually refers to /data , it is the partition where apps are installed and where they keep their private data . also /storage/sdcard0 could be part of internal phone memory , called phone storage it is an emulated sdcard ( i can not tell if in your case that is emulated sdcard or real ) to make a raw backup of your data you need to know which block contains that partition , you can check it with this command : cat /proc/emmc  result should contain lines like this : emmc_p7: 001a4c00 00300000 "usrdata" emmc_p8: 004a4c00 0358dd00 "fat"  this gives you partition number p7 , now you can use this command to list blocks :  cat /proc/partitions  result should contain :  179 7 1572864 mmcblk0p7 179 8 28077696 mmcblk0p8  in this case to backup /data aka emmc@usrdata contained in mmcblk0p7 block you can use this command : dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7 of=/storage/sdcard0/usrdata.img  supposing sdcard0 is working properly and there is enough space . after that usrdata . img can be mounted in a linux box with : sudo mount -t ext4 -o loop usrdata.img ./folder  p.s. you might check how to use adb so you can open a console on your computer and issue commands to your phone connected with usb .
" internal storage " usually refers to the /data partition . unfortunately , your output is a little " cropped " and thus not easy to read ( might be helpful to copy/paste it as text ) . it should correspond to the line reading emmc@usrdata /data ext4 rw,relatime,noauto_da_alloc,data=ordered 0 0  which unfortunately does not show the block device ( unless emmc@usrdata can be addressed as such ; guess the missing character in front is a / ? ) . interesting fact to see is your /system partition is mounted read-write as well – usually it is mounted read-only , so it should not be affected by such trouble . /cache can be ignored ( or simply wiped/formatted without losing any data , as it only holds " temporary stuff" ) . the */vold/* devices usually refer to your external sdcard , just for completeness , and entries using a file system like tmpfs or devpts are also safe to ignore ( they are created on-the-fly on boot ) , similarly for rootfs , proc , sysfs , and afaik also cgroup . using this rule , there is not much left to " backup and copy " ; )
whilst it is possible for apps to make themselves available to be searched , each applications needs to be updated to implement app indexing in order for them to show up in this list . i do not think it is possible to add additional providers without the apps themselves being updated to support this .
have a look at this application book catalogue
goodreads has an app for this that works with their website , which includes book reviews and recommendations as well . you can sort books by shelves , which can correspond to physical shelves if you choose ( e . g . living room , bedroom , lent out to a friend ) .
this has basically been answered in the comments above but i will wrap it all up into an answer : no , you can not play songs that have apple 's fairplay drm protection on your android phone without removing the drm protection ( which technically violates apple 's toc ) . as edarerathis pointed out , songbird does not actually support fairplay drm'd media , quicktime does , so songbird ( like realplayer ) uses quicktime to decode the songs and play them . it wont work without quicktime installed and so you can not use this functionality in linux or android .
more of a photography question than an android question , i think . remember that hdr is high dynamic range , essentially your camera takes 3 ( or more ) pictures at different exposures : one normal , one bight , one dark ( ev -1,0 , +1 ) . it then combines all of these to create an image that represents what ' what your eyes see ' by bringing out the dark parts of the photo with the light copy and dimming the bright parts with the dark copy ( a simplified explanation ) . with the images you have shown me , it seems as if you are shooting directly into a light source , and while this works if you want to shoot a silhouette , it is not the best option for hdr style photography unless you have control on how to edit the highlights/shadow -essentially photoshop type post-processing . this is not very conducive to hdr imaging , and thusly will produce ' bad ' ( not desired ) images . i would suggest taking a picture where the light source is behind the phone ( not aimed at the lens ) as a hdr comparison . to explain for the difference between stock camera hdr and best hdr pro , my thoughts go to the hdr algorithm . i assume that both apps have a different way of processing hdr images , and from the looks of it , the stock camera is using an algorithm that avoids the use of noise while best hdr pro is pushing either iso or brightness up to give a more hdr like look . like i stated before , take images with light coming in from different directions and try to take images with quite a bit of detail ( flowers , landscapes , ect . ) to get a good comparison . that should help you decide on the performance of the apps themselves .
this is not an android problem at all . you can simply run the commands from flash-all . sh by hand , changing each one to name fastboot by its full path , or you can set the $PATH in your shell . PATH="$PATH:/Applications/Android Developer Tools/sdk/platform-tools/" ./flash-all.sh  you should also check that the fastboot executable is executable . this probably will not be the case if you have extracted the files onto a non-ext partition . the following output is a correct example : note the x in the fourth column , and that the files are owned by the user i am running as .
you might wish to give the external keyboard helper a try . take a look at this screenshot ( click for large variant ) : external keyboard helper ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) that is just two of its setting screens . see the second entry in the first ? chose keyboard layout . that is what you are looking for . and it should only apply to the external keyboard , while leaving your " software keyboard " untouched .
are you using stock / default keyboard ? open the keyboard settings ( in the keyboard , it is the cogwheel/gear icon to the left of the space bar ) . go to General settings &gt; Input languages and select english .
let me suggest you russian keyboard app . it allows you to choose different layouts for hardware and software keyboards ( one or multiple ) . it supports any layout ( including your own ) . and it is free . the only thing you should know is that selected layouts work as long as the app is selected as a current input method .
the best way to use two different languages either on a smartphone or on a tablet is from device standard settings , with device keyboard and also with external usb and bluetooth keyboard . to use more than one language follow the images : [ i can not post images yet ] General Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Option of Samsung keyboard -&gt; Input languages  here you can chose between many languages . so you have setted correctly . now to use one or the other language when you write is very easy , you have to slide with finger on the spacebar of the device keyboard .
yes , it decreases standby time because wifi is one of the more significant things draining the battery . as long as wifi is enabled , your phone is constantly scanning for new networks and " listening " on tcp ports . additionally it will be sending data from applications , requesting updates , etc . ; and if you have the play store set to automatically update apps then it will also be downloading and installing apps , which also significantly drains the battery . i suggest to use juicedefender or an equivalent app if you are experiencing poor battery life .
as jamesryan pointed out , leaving wifi connected and inactive uses less battery than if it has to keep searching for an ap . i use a htc desire and initially had my wifi set to sleep after 15min , but then realised that every time i unlocked my phone it would wake the wifi , and in turn it would start searching for an ap . afterwards , i set wifi to never turn off - this actually resulted in more battery power left at the end of the day ( even with the occasional sync of my accounts - email , twitter etc ) .
this has been my experience with htc 's evo : wifi uses less power compared to 3g when actively downloading/uploading large amounts of data . even when doing a lot of browsing . however , unlike 3g , the wifi radio never goes to sleep . so when you are not actively downloading data , it is best to turn it off . this is unlike gps and bluetooth where if they are not being used , they do not use much power at all .
turning off anything that is not in use will generally increase battery life . also remember that the biggest drain on the battery is generally the display . setting your brightness to the lowest level ( or at least auto ) can do a lot to save your battery life . also , if you typically connect to wifi at home , but do not have access at your work , there are apps that can automatically turn off the wifi radio ( among other things ) in the morning , then turn it back on in the late afternoon/early evening . i use advanced volume mode scheduler to do this .
wifi uses significantly less power then 2g or 3g and in fact uses less while connected and inactive than when it is searching for an ap . so i leave it on all the time and my battery lasts longer .
by my experience it seems that if wifi is connected to a network then leaving it on will improve standby time as all the periodic data access that an android phone does will go through wifi . and accessing data over wifi is more battery efficient than 2g/3g/lte . on the other side , if wifi is not connected to a network then it will constantly search for one and decrease the standby time . so what i try to do is to leave wifi on whenever i think i will be around a known wifi ap for some time but i leave it off the rest of the time . the drawback is that it forces me to change the setting at least a couple times per day .
yes , i would imagine leaving wifi on all the time would drain the battery faster . even if you are not actively connected to an access point ( ap ) , the phone is still constantly scanning all the aps in the vicinity of where you are and that takes energy .
the general rule is to turn off what you are not using .
in the stock android messaging app , you can hold your finger on a message for a few moments and then select the " copy message text " option , then paste it into any app you had like . that would work fine for individual messages , as far as entire threads go , that i am not sure . i would probably go the geeky route personally and open up the . db file that contains all the text messages with an sqlite3 binary and manually peruse the database , copying what i need out of it .
sms backup+ will backup ( and can restore too ) your sms messages to your gmail account ( you have to enable imap in gmail ) the nice thing about it , it does it automatically . it can also backup your call log too email too .
just try isync . it will back up all sms and calls on ur gmail account .
i would also like through my own answer into the mix - not as an android app but as a service you could potentially use if you are an android/gmail user . http://voice.google.com is a great tool that lets you send and receive texts through the browser as well as sending you transcripts via texts to your phone when people leave voice messages . you are given a phone number ( of your choice ) which you can keep forever which in case you change phone numbers , you can always be contacted through that number ( but you can block people by phone number and it says the number has been disconnected ) . the idea here is that if you give that google voice number to your friend and they send you a text to that number , you will receive it in your google voice inbox as well as your phone and it keeps conversations grouped like you would expect google to do .
he probably is talking about the galaxy tab . most non-android-enthusiasts tend to refer to anything that runs on android as " droid . " there are a number of android tablets available right now , and as you saw motorola is releasing a tablet at the beginning of 2011 , but the only one available through verizon is the galaxy tab so that is probably what he is talking about . if you are going to give him advice , i would say the most relevant difference ( that he may not pick up on from comparing the specs ) between the two tabs is that the galaxy supports flash and the ipad does not . there is lots of other differences but most people do not understand the implications of this . for example , my friend bought his wife an ipad for her birthday not too long ago and she hates it because all she wants to do is browse all her shopping sites , most of which turn out to be powered by flash .
try this friendcaster for facebook app . this has a feature to upload multiple pictures from gallery .
gingerbread does have support for arabic . i have used it on my phone . however each supported language comes with files and such that need to be downloaded and installed . each rom is doing to be bundled with different language packs by default depending on where they expect the rom to be used . if your rom is from a country specific carrier , do not expect many languages ! the rom i use comes in four flavors with about 25 languages each , and you download the version that has the languages you care to use . i use the one that has middle-east languages rather than the one that has eastern european ones for example .
where do you live , what is your carrier , and how did you upgrade to 2.3.4 ? normally us firmware will not have arabic , for example , since it would be wasting space on 99% of people 's phones in the us . that does not mean you can not add it . i think this page provides a method for doing it , but i can not read arabic :p
the default android behavior has no option for this . like you mentioned you will always get the question on each start of a browser intent ( that is asking android to open an url in a browser ) . the only way to stop this is to select one and set it as a default . on the other hand , once you are in a browser session the programmer of the browser could implement the request of a given url to be handled by itself , rather than starting a new browser intent . that would overcome your issue . if you then start a browser intent to view a url you will get the android option to select a browser . and the next urls will just be opened in the same browser . in other words it really depends on the implementation of that browser .
no . android works with intents . opening a link is asking for an intent to open an url . if you have more than 1 browser and you have not set a default , android will ask you which one to choose . i can imagine certain browsers not following this rule of starting an intent and just stay in their own program but that is all as the program decide to handle it .
if you have a folder with a bunch of images you surely do have albums in your phone . astro is a file manager ( it focuzes on managing files , not on the aesthetics of the gallary ) ; gallery ( default gallery app ) would do the task . but if you like , you can always try a light weight photo gallery app quickpic via this link to arrange your albums nicely .
just create a new folder , and put some pictures in it . the gallery app will detect and show that folder automatically .
enter the main device settings , and from the my device page , choose lock screen . click on the screen lock item to see the list of screen lock methods , and change it to whichever type you like ( perhaps swipe or none ) . you will have to enter the existing password ( or pin ) to make the change . if you are using your phone to connect to a corporate exchange server , or similar , then a security policy on the device might force you to have a password ( or possibly a pin , depending on the policy ) . in that case , you will have to speak to your network administrator to get the policy removed before you can remove the password .
operation system has different processes constantly being loaded in and out of memory and constantly changing states . it is complex than just the collection of files and folders . so , if you want to copy everything and restore everything just using file browser , it would be impossible . to save app data only , you can use titanium backup but you need root permissions .
i am confused by this though it would explain some things . running the same app on my nexus7 and my galaxy nexus , both on jellybean , the phone sees log output from all apps , the tablet does not . this would say that it is not jellybean its the nexus7 . backing this up , i have just checked and they both have different kernels . the tablet , with a newer one . maybe its the updated kernel that , means logs do not appear . guess i will have to root after all : (
no , for security reasons it is not possible to access android log files on the nexus 7 ( or any other device running jelly bean or higher ) without root access . google changed that with jelly bean . i would suggest you wait until logcat readers like alogcat and such get fixed ( i.e. . they will require root access to show all logs then ) . from aisec-tr-2012-001-android-os-security . pdf - 3.3 android permission model : the read_logs permission can substitute the following on many devices , depending on the android version and thus the standard apps’ versions installed : read_contacts get_tasks – every started activity is listed in the system’s logs read_history_bookmarks – opening new web pages is a browser activity and thus logged read_sms all solutions below require root access : you need to either run logcat as root in a shell or manually grant it via the shell pm command ( root required ) works also ( see xda , exchange org . jtb . alogcat . donate with the app 's pkg name ) : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS this is for the lazy ones and not suggested : if you are desperate , careless and lazy , you can fix it by giving every app the read_logs permission by applying this ugly and insecure hack ( chainfire via twitter ) : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat to quote cyanogenmod developer koushik dutta 's g+ post : did the android log permissions/behavior change in jellybean ? it seems that if an application runs " logcat " now , it can see only the log entries created by its uid . log lines from other uids are not shown . basically , it seems to be filtered now . i have the same permissions as usual . also confirmed the same thing is happening in other log collector apps .
i had exactly the same issue here , on my asus fonepad tablet . it happened from the beginning , with few 3rd party apps installed and different sd cards . my workaround was to set " wcdma only " in the settings ; )
i would indeed verify first that this is not related to some 3rd party app or any other than stock rom . for this do a complete reset and try again . also try with a smaller sd card since 16gb might not be supported by your phone ( need to check specs for that , i do not know ) . you can make a backup to get it back to your personalized settings quick . if you can confirm the stock rom and default settings do have this bug too you can report this to htc . otherwise you will have to solve it on your own , looking what app/setting is getting this result .
scandisk ? you sure ? did you mean sandisk ? can you absolutely vouch for the authenticity of the sd card ? there are plenty of ' fakes ' - usually low grade/slow branded as faster cards . theres a good guide to spotting fakes here ebay guide
what home screen application are you using ? in launcher pro , i can long-press on the dock icon , and change the icon and/or shortcut . i can also disable the overlay from Menu &gt; Preferences &gt; Dock Settings &gt; Missed call count/Unread SMS count/Unread Gmail count
assuming you are using the default samsung touchwiz launcher : open the app drawer ( applications ) press menu , select view type -> customizable grid press menu , choose edit drag off the messaging icon , and drag on handcent . i have replaced it with gmail , myself .
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but you should have something similar to this : System settings &gt; Connections &gt; More Networks &gt; Tethering and portable hotspot &gt; Portable Wi-Fi hotspot .
in android 4.2 and later , you can tell android which wi-fi networks are mobile hotspots . in the device settings , go to the data usage page , then open the overflow menu ( the three dots in the top-right ) and click mobile hotspots . it shows a list of wi-fi networks known to the device : tick any that are mobile hotspots . then , when you are on a network that is ticked on that list , android will tell apps that the device is on 3g . any " wi-fi only " update settings in apps or in the os will act accordingly . in addition , if the mobile hotspot is an android phone running 4.3 or later , the hotspot will communicate this to the tablet , so it will automatically treat that wi-fi network as a mobile hotspot , without any user intervention . for earlier android versions , certain apps ( such as my app showr ) have similar settings to the android 4.2 mobile hotspots page , allowing you to treat a wi-fi network as 3g within that app . this is less useful than the android-wide setting , because not every app supports it , and you need to set it for each app individually , but it works just as well if you can not update to 4.2 .
as you indicated a firewall might do the trick , but you have got no root : you might wish to take a look at noroot firewall and mobiwol : noroot firewall , which both claim to require no root ( as their names indicate ) . noroot firewall works based on defined ip rules : noroot firewall requires no root . it protects your personal information from being sent to the internet . noroot firewall notifies you when an app is trying to access the internet . all you need to do is just press allow or deny button . noroot firewall allows you to create filter rules based on ip address , host name or domain name . you can allow or deny only specific connections of an app . so this will probably not do , as it would apply to " everything " . however , mobiwol should fill the gap : it registers as a vpn , and explicitly claims : disable background activity for selected apps mobiwol : app-specific rules , settings , logs ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as a side-effect , you can see in the logs which apps connected where to , and might catch some performing suspicious activities ; )
for completeness the answer will also include everything some of which you already know . i understand in your situation that the phone is not distinguishing from your hotspot style of wi-fi ( using expensive data from a cell tower ) to any other wi-fi connection that the data would be cheaper to use . manual and automatic methods there are methods to both easily manually disable auto-sync , and methods to automate the disabling of it : automatic if connected to " home wifi " , then turn on auto-sync ( less account data ) . if connected to " teathername wifi " , then turn off auto-sync simple " scripters " like " macrodroid " , plus other simple " rules creators " can pull this off . example : i mention these 2 because i could not program my way out of a paper bag , but i can make a few scripts , or rules , or constraints , using those methods . probably tasker and automate-it could also perform these functions . auto-sync off is a " easy one " . in my short time with that macrodroid app , i was also able to have it reliably recognise that specific bluetooth devices are connected ( keyboard ) , so that could also be applied to make a auto-sync change . it can also use a " hotspot " trigger and actions , which will not do any good in your situation , because the hotspot is not the device you need to control . that method would have to be applied to the hotspot machine , and some creative firewalling , that does not sound so easy . stopping google store auto updates manually to access the setting when your in the google play store application hit your menu button , and select settings . go to the auto-update section of the settings . setting your apps to never auto update does mean that you have to manually update them , but that gives you the option to choose when the updates occur , giving you control , the google play store settings for update applications can be set to update as follows : a ) do not auto-update apps b ) auto update at any time c ) auto update apps over wi-fi only manual updates at the google store are made easy when you select the play store icon , and go to my apps section . the google store sorts apps that have updates available to the top of the " my apps " listing by carefully adding updates to your device manually you can know if a specific update is causing problems . widget auto-sync switch there are many " widget " programs that will add an icon on your home screen to disable auto sync easily . widget manual sync starting there are also widget apps that have " sync now " button , with syncnow syncing will be updated manually at the press of a button . on my machine this activity ends , after any needed sync is done . background data from apps manual settings in the network settings you click on the mobile data clicking on the menu button to get to the settings . we can see the restrict background setting , and the auto-sync data setting . automatic , identifying a mobile hotspot for no background app data in the above settings mobile data / menu button / mobile hotspots in the mobile hotspot settings , you can select exisiting mobile hotspots , to restrict background app data .
i found four partial solutions to this , with varying thoroughness : 1 . configure tasker or llama to turn off auto-sync . see the question auto sync only when connected to a specific wifi network . instructions are similar for bluetooth or usb tethering . this eliminates the background sync of google apps such as calendar , contacts , gmail , maps , etc . all other apps , such as weather apps , could and would still update . 2 . set the tethering ap as a " mobile hotspot " this is a duplicate of " treat certain wifi networks as mobile/cellular " . you would check your phone 's hotspot ap name as a mobile hotspot . reading off the screen , select the wi-fi networks which are mobile hotspots . apps can be restricted from using these networks when in the background . apps may also warn before using these networks for large downloads . see dan hulme 's answer for further information . however for wifi-only devices the google play store does not have a " auto-update apps over only wifi only " option . i do not know yet if the play store updates apps while on a mobile hotspot . maybe . so i guess the solution is to keep app auto-updates off . 3 . use bluetooth or usb tethering bluetooth and usb tethering are not wi-fi , so therefore apps that set to update only on wi-fi will not update while the tablet under bluetooth or usb tethering . turn off autosync , as per #1 , and this appears as comprehensive as one can get . . . . however for wifi-only devices the google play store does not have a " auto-update apps over only wifi only " option . i do not know yet if the play store updates apps while on bluetooth or usb tethering , so again i guess the solution is to keep app auto-updates off . 4 . enable/disable a firewall the most thorough solution ? if your tablet is rooted , then you can install a firewall to block all internet access except the turn-by-turn navigation app . then all you got to do is enable or disable this firewall . see also izzy 's answer which mentions a vpn-based firewall .
just follow the instructions here : rooting nexus 5 next time do search on xda for any custom rom , rooting related information !
no . to find out the ip addresses you had have to be able to connect to the dhcp server that handles giving out the ip addresses for that subnet , get and ip address and a subnet mask , and then scan the subnet for active ips . to do this , you will have to be connected to the access point .
you can remove them , you just need to root your device and then download titanium backup and you will be able to clean them out completely ! 1 ) how to root your phone ? depends on your device ! 2 ) stop updates ? go to apps , find samsung apps and there you have an option to specify when to update them ! choose none and you are good to go .
you cannot remove those apps normally . what you can do is - disable them , at least you will not be getting annoying notifications . open application manager -> all -> chaton and click on disable if you really want to purge them . you have to root your device .
for me the app fine volume control was the solution . it does not need root , unfortunately is not free ( $ 2.50 ) but provides a 7 day trial . however it does a great job : it subdivides the media volume range in 100 steps , allowing a much finer resolution for your volume choice including enabling to shut the volume to almost nothing . in the setting there is also the option to enable extra low volumes . overall it solved the problem for me perfectly and made my phone a much better music player , thus it is worth every penny . to my knowledge this is the only app with this functionality at the moment .
go to settings . go to sound . change the volume of the media . i am not exactly sure how to get to the option of changing the media volume since my phone is right now bricked .
not a software solution , but you could always try an in-line volume control like this : amazon : koss vc20 volume control you can get one on ebay for close to us $1: ebay search : headphone volume control
on rooted phones , it is possible to install custom kernel which can lower the volume setting lower than is available stock . you might want to look around for custom rom for your device , if it is a common problem it is highly possible someone would make a custom rom to modify the volume setting . you had generally want to try other solutions first though .
the android app , maven music player , has a " pre volume " control that can lower the sound volume below the minimum setting on your phone .
i am afraid this is not really an answer , but i found no way just to post a comment to the question so here it goes : for the samsung galaxy s and the samsung tablets , vodoo control effectively amplifies the sound and it is available in the android market
you need to update to 2.3 for play store . or root you os , install xda assistant and uninstall the bundled google market . now install cwm , download and install gappss . it will surely help .
clearing the cache did not work for me but uninstalling updates did work .
clearing the cache worked for me . settings / applications / manage applications / google play store and then clear data .
might very well be a hardware problem as doing a factory reset also has not helped . it is best to get your phone checked by an authorized technician .
you did not give details on " broken " in which way , but if it is about not charging , or having a flaky connection when charging : there seems to be a common problem with the micro-usb port speciffically in phones . it is very simple , but not so simple to detect . the problem is dust on the " back wall " of the connector on the phone . if you look into it , wou will just see this " wall " , with no dust . chances are that there is dust - like fiber collected from cloth of paper in your pocket over time , but perfectly compressed by hundreds of connecting cycles . looks just like a perfect surface ( in the limited visibility situation in the socket ) . so please do not make an assumption about it and give it a try - use a needle to scratch that " wall " , and see how it reacts . next part may be easy , surprising , and fun ! ( take care of unpowering the device it you use a conducting tool )
you just need to create a . vcf file on your sd card and copy that to your android phone or using your sim card when you copy contacts select ' move original ' to sim from phone or connect your handset to your pc via pc suite and sync . connect your android phone to your pc and transfer them to it
first try syncing all your nokia 's contacts to phonecopy . and then install phonecopy to your android . and you are done . http://www.phonecopy.com/
juicedefender can do this . it also can turn off data completely , and turn it on every 5 minutes or so to let stuff sync .
hit the volume up and power buttons simultaneously ( do not hold the keys ) .
after giving thought to what geffchang said above , i came across with the app skitch which can be used to highlight webpages as you wish . added advantage for this app is you can directly synchronize your work with evernote , a widely used note-taking app .
try to flash stock android 2.1 update1 rom on nexus-1 and then dial this code : *#*#2432546#*#* in your phone/dialer application to receive system updates via fota . once you have updated to your desired version then proceed with rooting . . . .
does this help ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=715799 . i remember going down the rabbit hole here some time ago and getting the right binary and installing it on my nexus one . hope this helps . ps - i would have left this as a comment if i could ( not enough reputation :- ( )
if you un-root your phone you should be able to tell it to re-check for updates and then re-apply the update . hopefully you used something like a recovery image to backup your phone before you rooted it , if so then you should be able to restore that backup to get yourself back into an un-rooted state . ( depending on the type of backup you took originally , restoring it may or may not overwrite your current user data , make sure you use all the available tools to backup any data you care about before restoring ) now you are unrooted you can go through the normal android process to check for ota updates : you can see if there is a pending update by clicking the system updates option at the top of that screen ( this will only show the available updates if your phone already knows about them , it does not go back to google/network ) . there is a way to force it to go back the google/the network if an update you are expecting is not showing : go to the homescreen . tap on dialer - to open the dialer screen . from the dialer type *#*#checkin#*#* ( that is *#*#2432546#*#* ) after a few seconds , you will receive an alert notification , accessible from the homescreen window shade " checkin result success " . return to the homescreen . press the menu key . select settings . scroll down , and select about phone . select system updates . if an update is available , you should see the update downloading . when the download is complete , you will be prompted to install ( now or later ) . you can now re-root your phone ( after backing up again ) to get your hebrew interface back . if applicable you should be able to re-use the tools you backed your data up with to get it back again .
the easiest way would be to install ROM Manager from the market . it is a fantastic application written by the guys that created cyanogenmod . from this app , you can download and install vanilla roms and custom roms with a few clicks . highly recommended .
sure are . check out locale or tasker . both are great ( and very powerful ) tools for customizing settings based on location , time , etc . neither are free but are well worth a purchase .
seems to be a google issue . there is a blog post on swiftkey 's support site . essentially : the issue is that google play installs paid apps in a particular location on your phone and that in some versions of android ( particularly 4.1 on samsung devices ) this location is not available at the point in the boot process where keyboards are being switched on . so your phone does not know that you have swiftkey , and it defaults back to the phone’s keyboard .
swiftkey recommends : place the swiftkey icon on your home screen , then resetting it as your input method will literally only take two clicks . this is a known issue in android code , and as per https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34880 will be fixed in the next version of android you receive . ( paraphrased for clarity )
the issue has been reported to swiftkey who have responded with the following : we’ve worked with google to determine the cause of the issue . after researching this in depth , google has told us this is a regression in the android framework . they’ve also assured us that this will be resolved in a future update to the android operating system
htc one v users can now take the software update . htc has provided the update for whatsapp crash . go to settings> about> software update
if the title bar disappears , install a task killer and kill all tasks . it may help .
try updating htc one v software . this will solve your issue . no need to reinstall whatsapp . you can go to setting -> about -> software update -> check now .
since this issue is mostly isolated to htc devices running 4.0.4 os or older , we have reason to believe your device may have issues with indian languages written in devanagari such as hindi , punjabi , gujarati etc . android only recently added sanskrit based characters support to android 4.3 . this is likely what is causing the crash in your history . unfortunately , this is not something that whatsapp can resolve , the only known fix is to update your phone to a phone that supports sanskrit languages or to ask your contacts to stop sending you messages containing devanagari fonts . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! regards kuldeep
there are number of thermal printer available in market with their own sdk . here is the ans of your queries : can print text and basic graphics ( e . g . qr codes ) yes we can print the basic graphics from the thermal printers . you can check the epson , casio or any other chinese printer in market . can connect to my android directly via bt or usb , without cloud printing or internet connection yes , you can connect with those printer via bluetooth , wifi or usb . also one more thing is you can install your printer drivers on server and directly send the printing request to the server . this feature allow you to print form anywhere no issue or slow connection like we face in bt and wifi . is generally reliable , and can handle a few hundreds of prints every day yes , thermal printers are reliable and work very well . you can print any number of prints from thermal printers . is thermal printing a good idea ? are there any thermal printers that play nicely with android ? thermal printer is a very good idea because it is available in very small amount . that is small in size so no need to make an extra place for the printer . for the developers here is one sample how to deal with thermal printer stackexchange-url
i work for a thermal printer manufacturer based in india ( mumbai ) . we have the perfect solution for your requirements : our 2" bluetooth printer . we can also provide a sample apk file , and the source code to integrate the printer with your application . if you want more information , please contact us .
what you are looking for is usually known as a ' receipt printer ' . a quick google for ' bluetooth receipt printer ' turns up a number of models from a variety of manufacturers ( quite a few of them are actually battery powered and portable - like you see at car rental places ) . the big problem here is that android does not really have any concept of local printing , so i think you are going to have to implement it yourself . android does have bluetooth communications apis ( docs ) , and i would be surprised if the printer manufacturers have not heard all this before , and have at least clues how to proceed ( after all , they like to sell printers ! ) . if you will be buying a significant number of printers , i bet they will happily help you talk to their devices . if that is too expensive for you ( and those printers look a bit pricey ) , then you could try usb . again , you can find usb receipt printers , which again you will have to learn to talk to . android does have a set of usb apis ( docs ) . on the plus side , my quick google for ' usb receipt printer ' turned up some sub-$75 choices right away , so this might be a good approach if you are price sensitive . i would also be willing to bet that at least some of the usb printers are actually serial devices with something like an ftdi chip bolted up to them . that means that talking to them is probably not very difficult . alternately , if you can find a cheap receipt printer that is serial or something , you could look at the ioio boards and software stack as a way to interface your android tablet to some funky printer . these are boards that adhere to the relevant android apis + software that makes them easy to talk to . the boards are available commercially , and the schematics are available , if you want to build your own , and they are designed to make hardware interfacing easy .
i have a similar problem with the galaxy tab 1 . it means the charger is faulty and will not charge the tablet ( or will charge it very slowly - which seems to be your case ) . try squiggling it around a little bit until it charge , also consider buying a new samsung tablet charger ( the phone charger has a lower output , which is inadequate for a tablet ) , do not use the knock-off brands ! . if the red x is there even when it is not charging , then the battery is faulty , take it to the service center .
depends from which version if for example your going to update to 4.4 . x then yes you should do it . version 4.4 . x has a big leap on any device . check out this kitkat 4.4 . x other versions not so much for example samsung released 4.3 and from 4.2.2 it has downgraded performence . hope it helps .
imo has a direct download link on their android webpage . there also seem to be quite a few other apps to try : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=facebook+chatc=apps
basically , you can not . the charge/protection circuitry in the battery probably got damaged by the water , and you are done now . count yourself lucky that it was only a new battery that you needed and be happy .
if your device is rooted , there is a solution available to you : location cache can not only show you what currently is contained in your location cache , it can also delete cached locations , and even " lock " it -- i.e. it kinda " write protects " the location cache , so no new entries can be written into . effects are multiple : no data cached means slower location , as the last position is no longer available as uploading your " latest locations " is handled " bulk-wise " from the cache , it also means : no data in cache -- no bulk-upload to google 's servers -- privacy protected . i just remember : in android 2.1 and earlier , we were able to activate " network based locations " and still keep our privacy by unchecking the " share with google " checkbox . if you try this with android 2.2+ , unchecking that second box automatically unchecks " use network-based locations " as well . so it is technically possible ( and even was implemented this way ) to respect our privacy -- but intentionally disabled . do not think evil . . . remark : location cache does no longer work from ics up , it seems -- according to the description on the playstore : ( if i can see any alternative , i will update this answer . meanwhile , it at least provides help to those with froyo and gingerbread . . . as i read in the description of android location cache viewer , this might be due to the fact the locations are no longer stored on the device ( at least not in the same place ; so either the place has changed , or transmission to google 's server takes place immediately -- which would also mean the " last location " would no longer be present locally , which i doubt ) . those of you who cannot stop google getting those data , but still want to protect their privacy , could make use of location spoofers ( e . g . location spoofer or catchmeifucan ) to at least cause some confusion to potential abusers : )
go to download mode and flash galaxy s2 firmware/recovery using heimdall or odin ( over usb ) . there is no other way .
i would check out yahoo messenger . i have not used it but it is the only video chat app that i am aware of that can communicate with a computer . i believe fring and qik only go phone to phone . also , keep an eye on skype , unfortunately at the moment their android offering is very limited .
another option will be oovoo . the free version allows 2-way video chat between android and mac ( plus many other platforms ) they are expected to release a version for the galaxy tab in february according to this http://www.cnet.com/8301-19736_1-20025684-251.html
i am afraid you can not change it . when i set my phone 's language to French (France) , the first day is still sunday , where it should be monday ( like you ) . google may have skipped this . . .
are you sure that this is camera ? it is more likely a light/proximity sensor . . .
shareing is a feature the application needs to explicitly code for and then advertise to the system that it accepts share requests . if you have an scp app that you like but it is not offering the share feature try checking if the developer has a website with more information . if you still have no luck try emailing the developer and asking for the feature .
do you have contacts on your google account ? if yes , re-login , and load from google .
it is not " constantly " trying to update , and therefore it is not constantly using your battery . autosync only transmits when the other side has something to send . it does not constantly ask if there has been a change that needs to be synced . this is accomplished by opening a socket to the server , then putting the radio to sleep . the socket stays open until server attempts to send something , or the socket times out . tcp/ip sockets typically time out anywhere from 12 to 18 minutes after they are opened . each time the radio listens for traffic ( which in gsm land is every 120 milliseconds ) it will see that traffic is waiting if either the socket timed out or the socket became readable ( has data waiting ) . it would then power up the radio enough to read the data , or reestablish the timed out socket ) . your phone is doing that all the time , 24/7 365 whether you have autosync on or not . that is how cell phones work . it takes virtually zero power . so if you sync your gmail , contacts , calendars , picasa , documents , books , music , reader , all of those things you sync with google are handled by one socket . that one socket gets set readable when there has been any change in any of those services that needs syncing . add another socket for dropbox , or skydrive , or any non-google mail accounts . ( for non-google mail accounts always choose imap accounts , never pop3 . pop3 has to wake up and check mail . have your gmail account pull mail from pop3 , and get that account off your phone . imap accounts use imap idled , which works on the open socket method described above , as does microsoft exchange ) . the vast majority of these services go hours if not days between any changes , so there are very few times that data needs to actually be synced . most of the time its just a socket refresh . and all of these tend to happen at one time , because android tries to get them to all drop at the same time by starting them at the same time when you bounce from one tower to the next or switch from cellular to wifi . but the key point to remember is that your phone is always talking to the towers anyway , every 120ms , so these socket refreshes take almost zero extra power . source : icebike 's answer on http://forums.androidcentral.com/htc-one-x/181151-autosync-battery-killer.html
the moto x does not support t-mobile 's wifi calling . customer support reps have stated that this is because it is not a carrier branded device , meaning they have not modified the system rom to add this feature : the moto x does work on our network but because it is not a t-mobile branded device we do not support wifi calling on it . you will either need to set up some other voip service or get a different phone that supports this .
so this turned out to be a pretty easy fix , once it dawned on me what it was . i just recently installed the xposed framework , and the xprivacy module . when i uninstalled the old hangouts , it must have deleted all the old permission settings in xprivacy , and then when i reinstalled it , it defaulted to maximum restriction . with access to the phone accounts restricted , hangouts was not able to see my google accounts . the fix was as simple as fixing the permission settings for hangouts in the xprivacy module .
osmand is an offline navigation app and should support geo intents since 2011 . it has a fully functional free version and a reasonably priced paid version in the play store . it is foss also , so you could ask for the functionality to be improved or you could send a patch yourself if needed . there is also nightly builds available on the project 's site .
from inside the emulator , you can access the localhost of the host machine by using the ip address 10.0.2.2 ( source ) . for further info about creating an avd and using the emulator , check out the documentation .
yes , it is very possible . basically you can flash a rom ( custom or stock ) very easily , and this is equivalent to a full format and reinstall . basic steps would be : acquire preferred rom and transfer to sd card / internal memory reboot into recovery ( hold volume up as you power up the phone ) flash rom this is covered more in depth at these links ( xda is a great resource ) : overall " guides " for the xperia s " guide " to flashing the xperia s ( it is a fairly light-on-detail guide though , it is a very simple process )
i do not know about the twitter app , but if you are willing to use this site : https://ifttt.com/ then yes , it is possible . at this point ifttt does not appear to let you push tweets by a user other than yourself , so will not accomplish what is being asked .
setup the phone as a modem . still most android phones can be setup as a wifi hotspot . following urls may help you http://benchmarkreviews.com/index.php?option=com_contenttask=viewid=658itemid=38 http://blogs.computerworld.com/smartphones/20726/android-wifi-hotspot
you can go un-official , cm7 works great on it . . . a gb aosp rom more info here
to reinstall liveware™ manager or smart connect from your phone’s main application menu , find and tap settings > applications . select liveware™ manager or smart connect . tap uninstall , then tap ok . install liveware™ manager or smart connect application from google play™ again . note : the smart connect application only works for sony phones running android™ version 4.0 and later . all other android™ phones still need liveware™ manager application . ( source )
its a critical situation . if you are rooted , use titanium backup to take out contact storage . it displays storage item entries with green color .
the exact location of the contacts database might depend on your manufacturer 's " customization " . while " plain vanilla android " has them in /data/data/android.providers.contacts/databases , the stock rom on my motorola milestone 2 e.g. uses /data/data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db instead . a raw mask to check for is /data/data/*.providers.contacts/databases/*.db . the file is in sqlite3 format , and can be browsed on your pc with e.g. sqliteman , which is available for linux , mac , and windows alike . with this application you can browse the database in a graphical mode . of course you also can use the command line sqlite3 client if you prefer . crucial point to directly access this database is that your device must be rooted -- a precondition you already meet , as your question states . so you can either use a file manager to navigate to the database file , and copy it to your computer for investigation -- or directly pull it to your computer via adb pull . a third option would be to investigate it directly on your device , e.g. using the sqlite manager or asqlitemanager app .
in case you cannot find a device-specific driver , it is worth trying the universal adb driver . it should work with most devices , so i would even say this is the first one to try -- especially when having multiple devices , as this gets you rid of the need for multiple drivers .
the google search app is able to search the applications on your phone . on 4.1+ this can be done through a google now search . on many devices , this is accessible by swiping upwards from the home button in the navigation bar . when you search for the app on your phone , you can use the bar along the bottom to scroll to " phone " to search your phone rather than the web . you can also search " start " so for example if i had an app called ( in your case ) " battery " , if i typed into the search bar " start battery " it would give me a card showing the app name and icon with a button below saying " open app "
try google gesturesearch using this you can not only search for an application but also contacts , music and bookmarks . this has a cool feature that you can use natural hand writing to type the app name and keypad is not needed .
there is an option in google search / now settings to allow you to search through apps as well as web ( go to google now settings , there you will see phone search , open it and tick apps )
if your device is no more in an area where it can reach gsm network , the notification led will blink ( in white if you installed lightflow ) . still with lightflow installed , the dark blie/violet blinking is the notification of a new sms .
i have solved it ! ! ! it is easy when you see someone using this tablet . in this video , jdx s7300 testing with shadowgun , you can see how to set the controls in the 1:30
though i am responding late , i too faced this problem today and could figure the call setting by following procedure below : press the phone symbol from the home screen settings button and select ' settings ' . under other call settings select ' additional settings ' caller id is that what you are looking for ? hth
ok i answer myself : after installing samsung drivers you need to find oem ? ? . inf file that contains ssudserd.inf comment out all references to wdf stuff version 1.7 and decomment the ones referring 1.9
i think the reason might be moisture or water inside the panel if that is the case just open the front panel and keep it under the sunlight for a while it might work .
i have the same problem . try charging your phone via usb in one night without using it . i have this problem since a bought this second hand nexus 4 . last night i charged it through usb and my screen is fully functional now . i will test this for a couple of days to see if the problem reappears .
go to settings-> developer options-> show and test it with touching the screen . if it works fine switch off and work else try to repair ( check where you bought it ) . there is no chance hanging the touch because of apps .
some basic general troubleshooting steps that you can try to get a touchscreen working again . step 1 more ram consumption turn the device off , wait a few seconds , and then turn it back on again . this process will clear out any software errors that are causing the touchscreen to malfunction . if the touchscreen still does not work , remove the device 's battery , if possible , wait ten seconds and then put it back in . step 2 malfunctioning card ( sd or sim ) remove both the sim and memory cards from the device , if the device accepts such cards , and then turn the device off and back on again . sometimes errors in these cards can cause devices to malfunction . step 3 recalibration check your device 's documentation to see if there is a way to manually recalibrate the screen . this process will either be done through the " settings " or " tools " menus , for those devices that have an alternative method of input , or by holding a combination of buttons while you turn the device on , for those devices that only have the touchscreen for input . step 4 os mafunctioning upgrade the device 's software to the latest version , if possible . many devices come with software for your computer that will allow you to connect the device and update the software . often , this process will resolve existing software errors that may be causing the touchscreen to stop responding . step 5 no connection between screen and device 's contact clean the device 's contacts and screen using isopropyl alcohol and a small brush . turn the device off before you clean it . step 6 perform a hard reset as a last resort . this reset will erase everything you have added to the device and return its software and settings to their factory defaults . even with an unresponsive touchscreen , most devices will have a way to perform this reset either through pc software or by holding a combination of buttons while turning the device on . consult your device documentation to determine the exact process for performing a hard reset on your device . step 7 contact the manufacturer for your device if the touchscreen is still unresponsive after your troubleshooting attempts . the manufacturer may have additional steps to take that are specific to your device , and if your device is still under warranty you should be able to get a replacement through their customer service division . i got this from here
if you want to add a shortcut on your home screen to your downloads folder or any other folder for that matter get astro file manager ( free ) . the app is pretty useful on it is own , but it also adds the option to create a shortcut directly to any folder on the homescreen . to do this , simply long click on the homescreen , choose " shortcuts " , then choose " astro " then choose the particular folder you want a shortcut to . i had astro for a while before i realized i could do this because the option is deceiving . at first look i thought it would create a shortcut to the app , not to a specific folder like it does . edit : after reading keith 's comment i realized you are probably talking about market downloads . in that case do what al everett said .
yes . open up the " market " app , open the menu , and choose " downloads " .
just open the marketplace and under menu , you will find downloads . another suggestion , if there are apps you use a lot you can create a shortcut to your homescreen by long pressing on an area of the homescreen where there is room for an icon , select shortcuts > applications and pick anything to save to your homescreen . i made a few folders on my homescreen of apps , for example one is called games , one is called utilities . then i filled them with the apps i use most . long press on the homescreen , select folders > new folder , keep it open and press on the application launcher , long press on anything you want to save into your folder and it will save there .
with ice cream sandwich , i have a new app in my app drawer called " downloads " which brings me to a list of recently downloaded files . obviously you can drop this as a shortcut on your home screen .
usually your apps are downloaded using your browser . for accessing them you open your browser , press menu > more > downloads .
partial solution long press on home screen to activate shortcut launcher tap on shortcut tap on activites tap on file manager ( astro ) navigate to file location ( internal or external sd card ) tap on target file accept ( or amend ) suggested shortcut name > ok named shortcut appears on home page under an icon for the associated app to display the document to open the document , tap on the icon and then tap on the associated app in the menu .
renaming shortcuts depends on what launcher you use . for example , with go launcher , you simply hold down your finger on whatever you want to rename and a box pops up asking if you want to rename it . the point being is that each launcher is different , but most are intuitive enough to where you just long click on the icon to rename it .
try a different home screen manager . launcher pro does this on my phone for email and texts in the app shortcuts in the launcher bar . i do not use google tasks , so i can not speak to that one particularly .
you should try different launchers . most of them are better than the stock ones . so e.g. : apex launcher , nova launcher , launcher pro , and go launcher ex support adding notification badges . the best todo app i have ever seen is any . do to-do list and task list . give it a try .
your contacts are automatically backed up to the google account you set up your phone with . so long as you have the " contacts " sync setting on , any changes you have made to your contacts should be mirrored in your gmail contacts online . after you wipe your phone , if you use the same account to set it up again the contacts will automatically download on the first sync . you can verify that your contacts are backed up by going online to gmail , clicking on " contacts " , and checking them against your phone 's address book .
firefox also requires an armv7 processor . the htc dream/g1 is officially unsupported because its processor is armv6 . see the supported/unsupported device list on the mozilla wiki : these devices have armv6 processors and are not compatible with firefox for android : . . . htc dream ( t-mobile g1 , android dev phone 1 ) . . .
the answer to this question from eldarerathis is currently correct ; now , though , armv6 support is in the works too , and it can be downloaded from mozilla . ( however , the aurora build of mobile firefox worked better for me than the nightly build last time i tried it ; however , i have a slightly unusual device using a qvga ( small ) screen and a keyboard ) .
samsung elected not to include all the texture compression formats when they integrated the mali-400 gpu into the exynos chip that powers the galaxy s ii . this is because some formats are patented and would require samsung to pay a fee to the patent-holder to support them . because the s ii was the first high-end phone not to support these formats , most game vendors were not ready to use alternative texture compression formats in their games , and such games will draw with missing textures , like in your screenshot . also , at the time the s ii came out , google play made it very hard to support multiple texture formats with one app : you had to include all the formats in one apk file , making it unnecessarily large . it is now much easier to build for different compression formats and automatically select the right textures for the device you are running on .
also have a samsung galaxy s2 and had the exact same problem with hawks , i installed a different version and it worked fine . i guess it is because of the mali gpu and compatibility .
http://www.jayceooi.com/2011/08/25/how-to-install-and-use-chainfire3d-on-samsung-galaxy-s2/ use this 100% works ! use the third plugin ( powervr ) and bia2 will work ! ! ! ! ! i was thinking i could help because when i had this problem i could not find it on the internet . good luck with it .
as long as your phone is rooted , you can use the excellent button remapper app by appelflap as a convenient workaround . what the app will let you do is remap the camera button to work as the power button . after installing the app , find the entry for " ( camera ) " and set its action to " power " and its state to " wake_dropped " . ( wake tells the key to register even when the screen is off ; wake_dropped does the same but drops the key before it is sent to the running application . ) optionally , remap the " ( power ) " button to something innocuous like " home " and set its state to " none " — that way , in case the real power button becomes active in a jammed state , the button input should not mess up anything you are trying to do on the phone . after you are satisfied with your changes , click " apply " to reboot the phone for the changes to take effect . in case you messed up , there will be a notification from button remapper in the status bar , which will let you reset any changes you have made . note that even when using button remapper to remap the hardware buttons , the remapping will not take effect when the phone is off ( or you are booted into recovery mode ) . if your power button does not work , you will still have to use a workaround like plugging your phone into a charger in order to get the phone to power on from a shutdown state . seeing as how the power button design on the motorola droid appears to be partially defective ( i know of at least a handful of droid owners who have had the power button fail ) , on my replacement droid i made the point of remapping the camera button pre-emptively , in an attempt to minimize wear and tear on the power button . it is something to consider .
to do it when the phone is turned off : plug it in to power while holding down the ' x ' key until a warning sign shows up on screen . different versions seem to differ here , but : it might boot straight away . you might have to hold down the volume up and camera keys , then select ' reboot phone ' . you might have to press the search button , then select ' reboot phone ' .
that is not a play store compatibility error that you are getting on your device , that is an install error which says that it is having problems installing the app on your device . the play store only checks some basic specs of your device ( like os versions , screen size , ram size , whether or not there is a camera , etc ) it can not tell remotely whether or not there is a problem with your device . there are a few threads on the internet that talk about getting error 942 when installing apps , and they seem to suggest that it is a problem with the googleapps on your device . either there is a data corruption in the gapps , or there is a problem with the version of gapps you have got installed . see some of these for more info : xda : play store - error code 942 xda : apps not available on market and cannot be installed manually and others the two main solutions that worked for people are clearing the application cache on google play services , and google services framework : to clear the app cache : go to settings > apps > all then find the following entries in the list google play services , google play store and google services framework go through each of those and select force stop ( if available ) and then clear cache the other solution that has worked for people using non-standard roms and installs like yours are to double-check the version of the google apps package that they have downloaded and installed and make sure that it really is the right version of gapps for their device and os version .
since rooting changes the system image , the ota update will not apply . you need to download the rom ( e . g . from sammobile.com ) and flash it by hand ( using kies ) .
the issue turned out to be with the charging cable . asus quickly swapped it over with a longer cable too .
charging via usb can happen at very different rates depending on what the " host " end is plugged into . generally the vendor-supplied wall charger is the " fastest " way , but perhaps something has gone bad with your supplied wall adapter . you should be able to improve charging times by shutting off wifi , gps , etc , and making sure the screen is off . see these questions for more details on what to look for on your adapters : why is charging from computer using usb slower than using an outlet ? galaxy tab is not being charged through usb cable
i know ow hard it it to find the right camera and software combinations for cameras . i have written a few proprietary java applications for just such a thing . i have found that ipcamviewer is a okay app for looks but man that guy has added support for just about every camera known to man ! it is a really good app in that sense but lacks a professional feel to it . but i would stick with that app as he continually updates it and if you have a problem and email him he usually addresses it in the next iteration . one of the better companies for streaming video is axis their video encoding solutions is one of the more configurable options . each encoder runs a webserver and if you know a little linux you can get on the server and reprogram web pages and even the java serving up the images . they also have solutions for standard cameras . so depending on cameras you may have to buy a special camera and take the output to an axis video encoder and stream it to your phone . i have done this with some really special cameras like flir ir camera ( cost is around $80k ) , and sony and hitachi low light cameras . there are some really good network cameras too , like sony 's hd camera and the multiple ones that axis has .
if you are unable to boot the internal memory and do not have special equipment you are likely going to have to bite the bullet and lose your contacts . i would re-flash the phone in this situation . hopefully you have been using android 's built in contacts backup . xperia tipo re-flashing
in fact it works , but only in the same terminal . if you move your sdcard with a titanium backup done previously from a terminal with android 2.3.6 to another terminal with android 4.2 , the titanium backup will detect the backup done before , but it can not restore anything of it . perhaps if you install link2sd in a android 4.2 , can you do it ?
titanium backup works fine with link2sd . i have been using them together for about six months , with around 100 apps symlinked . there is no reason taking a backup would uninstall linked apps as wolfgang reports , and i have also had zero issues restoring backups of linked apps , so it is clear that titanium follows the symlinks correctly . in fact , i have just finished restoring all my apps from titanium after flashing a rom . the only caveat is that when you restore in titanium , link2sd will not automatically link apps as they are restored , even if you set it up before restoring the rest of your apps . this is annoying , because it means you have to be conscious of your available internal memory and only restore in batches that will fit in your free space , then link the apps and do another batch . other than that , they work very smoothly alongside each other .
your best bet might be to get an app to sd app off of the playstore . here 's an app you can use . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a0soft.gphone.app2sdhl=en if you do not have enough memory to install it in the first place , check here
figured it out - the contacts were saved to my sim card , not my phone . i had to import all my contacts from my sim to my phone and then i was able to edit them fully : )
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but see if you can set a common wallpaper through a similar path : Settings &gt; My device &gt; Display &gt; Wallpaper &gt; Home and lock screens . update 2013-12-06 : another solution you could try is to clear the default app for pictures . if it is a 3rd-party app like quickpic , go to your phone 's application manager ( via settings ) , select the 3rd-party app , and do a Clear defaults . afterwards , open the Gallery app ( not a 3rd-party app like quickpic ) , pick a photo , left-soft-click to open a menu , and click Set as . you can pick either : home screen , lock screen , or home and lock screens . source .
as per jeff darcy ( original ) : this is what i did to fix it ( without touching a pc ) . i used es file explorer , and " photo editor " from the play store to accomplish this : copy the original apk ( systemui . apk and rosie . apk ) to a writable folder using es file explorer , long press on the apk and choose ' extract ' once the extraction is complete , find the image you want to change , under res/drawable-mdpi edit the image using photo editor ( i just made it black ) , and overwrite the original . using es file explorer , recompress all of the files you got from the extraction , using the zip extension keep the original apk , renaming it to something like " systemui . apk . old " rename the new zip file to " systemui . apk " , being sure to match the original apk file name in spelling and case . move your new systemui . apk to /system/app , overwriting the default reboot , and enjoy . caution : this may not be the generally accepted method , and therefore could potentially cause damage to your filesystem . be sure to perform a nandroid backup , and back up your original apks , just in case .
when i rooted my g1 and was using cyanogen and we had a similar error we did not need to reflash the rom , but just the gapps package - try reflashing that . or other wise on androidpolice they have the latest market apk file which you could download and trash flashing that and seeing if that will install over the current market . if that still does not work consider reflashing the rom and gapps package again , but make sure you wipe before flashing . i always found that doing a wipe before each flash made for far fewer issues and errors . case in point is my wife is using my g1 running cyanogen 's 2.2 version of android and has been up and running for the last 6 months and we have not had any crashes or errors yet on it , and i made sure to do a wipe and clean install when loading it .
there are mail headers for threading ( in particular i am thinking of References: and In-Reply-To: ) , why not use one of those rather than trying to overload something else ?
adding extensions will solve this type of requirements . but chrome for android does not support any extensions yet . look https://developers.google.com/chrome/mobile/docs/faq or else you can use dolphin browser to achieve this . it supports extensions . if you are willing to use dolphin browser instead of chrome , use this auto reload extension . you can set time intervals in it .
it is possible to create a personal layer in google maps and have it show up in the maps app . you can create a pin , and label it . however , you will only see pins on the app . but once you click on the pin , you will see your custom text . google maps site . log-in to google maps in desktop mode ( a pc maybe ? ) . at the top left beside the Get directions button , click the My Places button . then , click the red Create Map button . give your map a title , add some pins ( and custom text ) on it , then click the Done button . google maps app . if the app is open , close it and open it again . once open , click the Layers button at the bottom right . click My Maps and your list of custom maps will show up , together with the pins you put up . see if that is a suitable workaround . update : the My Maps option of google maps has been discontinued . as of 12th december 2013 , a new app , the google maps engine android app has features similar to My Maps option that allows you to create maps from the google maps engine site . this app lets you see it the created maps and layers .
can you uninstall the application ? or is it one of those pre-installed apps ? if it is preinstalled , you will have to get root access to remove it completely , see here . however , removing it can potentially cause a brick if you factory reset your phone . edit : it looks like there are no easy ways to disable this app . you have two choices : factory wipe . during setup process , do not enable the backup assistant . do some trickery using this method mentioned in this post ( quoted below ) . it does not require a factory wipe . 1 ) be sure to have all your contacts backed up to your gmail account . check online before proceeding to step 2 . 2 ) log into your my verizon account . go to the contacts tab , sort by list view and select all contacts . delete the entire list . there is a deleted contacts tab as well . select that and delete anything that is in there . 3 ) go into your incredible settings tab , select applications , manage applications . do not sort or filter , allow list to populate . select sync service , ( icon resembles backup assistant icon ) select clear data . 4 ) also in manage applications scroll down to backup assistant , select clear data . this should do it . 5 ) to verify backup assistant is now disabled , select settings , accounts and sync , then under manage accounts , select backup assistant . you should be looking at a license agreement screen .
i solved similar problems by installing samsung kies on my laptop ( windows 7 ) . it installed all drivers that could not be found using windows update .
what operating system do you run on your computer ? that sometimes happened to me when i used windows . have you tried using airdroid , though ? i use that now . it basically does remotely , what you would do with a usb . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sand.airdroidhl=en but that is just an alternative , i will wait for your response to see if maybe i have a solution .
i would recommend leaving the stock keyboard and using the google keyboard . it does have a language change key that is great for changing inputs , unlike some stock keyboards . i have set up english ( qwerty ) , english ( dvorak ) , and spanish . its compatible with android 4.0+ .
samsung has their own calendar in touchwiz , it is not the " stock " calendar . and from what i remember , you cant change the color of the calendars in the touchwiz calendar . i stopped using the touchwiz calendar and bought " business calendar " - there is a free version too that has ads and missing a couple features like " drag and drop " . it works great , and has a good home screen widget too . i used it as a replacement for the limited calendar in touchwiz , and now that i have a rom that has the " stock " calendar , i still use it .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
follow the guidelines from xda forum have a look at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1374742
prerequesites : unlocked phone ( 'fastboot oem unlock ' command ) installed android sdk with accessible adb and fastboot executables ( both are part of the sdk ) cyanogenmod 7/9 or 10 image from get . cm ( or whatever rom you want ) nexus s cwm recovery image from clockworkmod . com steps : flash the cwm recovery image : switch off your nexus s , press volume up and power to enter fastboot mode command to flash : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-crespo.img boot to recovery ( e . g . via fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-crespo.img ) enter a shell into the running cwm : adb shell , from there mount a tmpfs file system ( used just for the update ) : mount -t tmpfs none /sdcard ( this circumvents the sdcard completely , you do not need to format anything ) push the rom image to the tmpfs ( adb push cm-10-20120827-NIGHTLY-crespo.zip /sdcard/ ) install this via cwm ( the regular way ) follow the remaining usual steps ( gapps , wipe , etc . )
same issue i had . only thing that worked for me is restarting the router and then connect back to router . but the issue is that there is no internet after 3-4 minutes maximum . and then go restart again the router and again 3 min of internet . . .
i was having the same issue for the last 2 days . after upgrading to ics wifi was working but stopped working suddenly after a day . this is how it got fixed : selected the network and clicked forget turned off wifi turned wifi back on connected the wifi network again
there is a few things you could try : turning phone and router off and back on . changing the ssid of the network . changing the password for the wifi . changing the encryption used on the router ( ie . from wpa to wpa2 or the other way around , or even turning it down to wep ) changing the channel that the wifi is using . turning off the password for the wifi and trying to connect ( do not forget to turn it back on later though ) . i know some are fairly basic but i have had problems in the past connecting to my virgin media router and they have worked for me .
from what i am reading , it sounds like your best bet will be to reset it to factory defaults . that looks like it is fixing the problem for others . this will , of course , delete your apps , contacts , calendar , and a couple other things that escape me at the moment . make sure that you have your phone set to back up everything with your google account , and i would recommend using titanium backup to make a backup of all your apps .
the feature of selection of text is a topping added by phone manufacturers . for an instance , in my lg optimus one ( p500 ) which was running 2.2.2 did not have any text selection feature . as you had said , i have to manually move the caret to a favourable position to erase a text . however during an update to 2.3.3 , the manufacturer had enabled me to select a text by double tap ( and in some places , a single tap or long press is required ) . when i was discussing this with my friend who had samsung galaxy ace running 2.2.2 , i was surprised to know that the feature i got in 2.3.3 was already available in his phone . i guess with android 3.0 onwards , this has been baked in as standard feature .
as we deal with touch screens , which allow for a bunch of gestures : it would be hard for the system to decide whether you want to select text , just move the " pointer " ( e . g . to insert text ) , move the word under your finger to a different position , scroll , or switch to a different screen . . . think of your desktop and moving the mouse , which also would not select anything -- unless you click and hold the button while moving . so usually , selecting text is done the way you described : long-press ( or double-tap , or single-tap -- may depend on the app used ) on the word you want to start marking , then move the markers to include the text you want to select .
in addition to android 's built-in features , it is possible for apps to change the way you copy text . one popular app for this is copy text , which lets you select and copy text that is normally not selectable . if you want to copy text in different ways , browsing the play store to see what is available is a good idea .
results should be the same , so you can use either . the item in the recovery menu you could count as a " backup switch": how else could you reset a device which refuses to completely boot up ? that would otherwise be a " vicious circle": in order to boot up you had neet to factory-reset – but in order to factory-reset , you had need to boot up . so with the recovery menu , you have got a " reserve switch " for cases like that . the switch in settings , on the other hand , is easier to find for " novice users " not aware of those " vulcan nerve pinches " ( or " three finger salutes " , whatever you prefer ) to boot the device into " special modes " .
resolution easytether light ( no root ) is the best tethering software i have been able to find on the play store ; however , it blocks udp ports and secure protocols . updating to easytether full ( cost : 9.99 usd ) resolved the issues on all of the above-listed sites and services . it was very bothersome to go through all this and e-mail the developer , only to get a kind of boggled response from him . their faq does not mention this , and the message in the app was covered up by the " warning , do not scratch the camera " message i had written on my screen guard , up until yesterday ; so , i simply did not notice . i hope the developer will upgrade the app to include some kind of pop-up message indicating that this is the cause of the issue , or at least add the issue to the faq . thanks for all the comments and wonderful help !
are you sure gt-s5300 supports android 4.1.2 ? according to sammobile , the latest version for gt-s5300 is 2.3.6 , and it was relased on august 2013 . maybe you are talking about jellyblast rom , which is a custom rom , and not a stock rom . coincidentally , jellyblast rom has version 4.1.1 .
i have just tried on my nexus 4 and it does show up , although very very briefly . i had gps turned on , took a photo and quickly opened the app switching ' menu ' . i saw the gps notification show up for about 1 second and then it disappeared . i guess this is because it quickly grabs your location and stores that with the image , and then " does not care " where you are so does not access your gps location again until you take another picture .
this is a known bug , and it is not entirely clear if it is the sms application or android 's sms implementation itself . you can see the ticket here , which was closed on jan 29 , 2011 . the fix has been slow getting out to phones other than the nexus line because carriers have not released updates that include it . one option in the meantime would be to try an alternative sms app , such as handcent or chompsms . however , though many people say that it does help , others have reported that the bug still persists on 3rd party apps . there is also a reportedly related bug that causes outgoing messages to be sent to the wrong recipient . the " opening the wrong thread " bug was closed as a duplicate of the " wrong recipient " bug , as the fix for the latter apparently applied to the former ( according to google ) .
are you sure you need tor for all youtube videos ? if you only need youtube access , then you should try alternative lower latency circumvention techniques , like alternative dns providers or a vpn . tor should be used when you are worried about your government even knowing what you watch , meaning countries like iran , china , syria , etc . case 1 . you care about speed and access , but not really privacy . you should first try bypassing your nation 's dns servers by simply setting a dns server outside the country . opennic and opendns are cool , albeit maybe slow . google has some faster ones . etc . all these options worked fine in turkey . if your country blocks more than dns then try using a vpn based outside your country , including free ones like vpnreactor . vpns are slower than simply bypassing a dns block , but almost any vpn should be faster than tor . or even a dedicated youtube proxy . case 2 . you care about privacy more than speed . use tor , preferably tor everything mode . there are security risks with using youtube 's flash app through tor , probably this specific issue does not impact youtube 's android app . yet , maybe tor 's " select apps " mode does not adequately handle the ndk , where youtube 's codecs probably live . if so , that is harder . try a browser maybe ?
you can just save the numbers in international form . for example , bob 's would be +1-123-555-1234 and alice 's +52-33-33-12-34-56 .
do not ever believe that ios or android cannot get viruses , they may be less susceptible to viruses just to the simple fact that there are significantly less viruses for mobile platforms as opposed to say windows . i strongly advise against going to websites from google images . i have battled for countless hours with other computer viruses that people got from browsing images from google . try downloading avg from the play store and running a few scans , i also suggest periodic cleanings with ccleaner ! best of luck
in short . yes . they are plenty of malware sites out there , targeting android devices . i recommend avast or bitdefender .
there is an application which does it pretty well . check out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.argotronic.touchblocker
i had a similar problem when i still had my palm synchronization software installed . for some reason or another , it used comm port 4 for it is communication ( do not know why but it did ) , and that conflicted ( probably behind the scenes ) with the communication with my galaxy s . once i uninstalled the palm synchronization software , the connection went fine . so please check if on your pc some sort of other communication device is installed .
per userguide after you connected the usb cable on mass storage mode , you need to go to the shortcut/notification/usb cable connected then mount .
after searching for a long time and trying a lot , i found a solution : resolution unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the number *#7284# . once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . also choose uart -> pda and then uart -> modem mode . the good mode should be modem for uart . even if the mode is modem , switch to pda and then back to modem ( uart ) . plug in the usb cable . note : this is not only for samsung galaxy 3 - android phone , but it is also used to repair the usb connection for any samsung android phone .
if you were previously developing on your pc , do you have usb debugging enabled on your phone ? that uses a whole different set of drivers than the normal usb drivers , these drivers are available as part of the android sdk download . to check if you have usb debugging enabled , go into settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging and take the tick out of the usb debugging box . if you turn off usb debugging , then it should be able to connect to your pc using the standard usb mass storage device drivers .
make sure your device is not connected to your pc . uninstall any drivers you currently have installed for it . reboot your computer . install the appropriate drivers from this xda post ( supports more than galaxy s ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=7238660postcount=1 install kies from samsung.com's galaxy 3 page http://www.samsung.com/uk/support/detail/supportprddetail.do?menu=sp01prd_ia_cd=23020100prd_mdl_cd=gt-i5800dkaxeuprd_mdl_name=gt-i5800 connect your device to your pc .
simple answer : no . long answer : no , as these app use a native binary installed onto the system to reroute data through the proxy . this is done at kernel level ( actually it is done using the terminal commands , but it is done at kernel level ) , because of this root access is needed . there are 0 apps that allow you to use a proxy without rooting first . android 4 . x natively supports proxies however .
short answer : no , proxy apps available on the playstore all need root ( to my knowledge ) . but you can use the native proxy -- even with android 2.1 . longer answer : as liam wrote in his answer , an explicit proxy requires kernel level access . but android has a native proxy built in . before android 4 . x , its settings were simply hidden . so all you need is access to its settings page -- which is what some apps provide , as e.g. proxy settings does : from the app 's description : it provides a set of tools to ease the access and the modification of the proxy configuration into your android device . proxy settings offers to the users a set of tools to check and troubleshoot the selected proxy configuration proxy settings works with android 2.1 and higher .
there is no way to change this for just one app , but it can be changed globally by increasing the dpi value . you will need to be rooted to change the dpi value . this app will change your device dpi . you will have to play with different values , but take a nandroid first ! edit : i played around with dpi values and 240 will force the phone ui mode for apps . remember that this is global , and that it will make the app drawer look strange , as well as disabling the users feature .
grab mac address of wi-fi adapter of device . go to Settings ~> Wireless and Network ~> Wi-Fi Settings and tap/press options key . then , tap Advanced . here , you can get mac address . the method can vary based on firmware . look up this mac address at http://www.techzoom.net/tools/check-mac.en or http://www.coffer.com/mac_find/ . if device is not legitimate , you can detect here .
gadgets in thailand are way cheaper than anywhere else but , there is a small heads-up - more than likely , it will have a csc code for thailand , asia , so the updates on that would be somewhat , slower than the rest of the region zones . having said that , you can flash it with a different regional csc code . so go for it , when the first samsung galaxy tab 7" ( p1010t with wifi only ) came out , it was on sale there in thailand - a mate of mine was there , and got it for me - 200 euros - it was a steal , it would have been about 450euros to buy in the eu . and yes , it was genuine , the real thing ! : )
the nfl keeps a tight rein on its broadcast rights . further , the outfits that ponied up those huge payments for those rights are not going to be happy if there is a cheaper alternative . so , no , there is not going to be a way to watch live nfl games without subscribing to cable or satellite . if you are okay with watching games after the fact and you have an android tablet , there is game rewind . things may be different outside the u.s. using a proxy to bypass such limitations skirts the edge of legitimacy ( in my opinion ) .
you can not do it . . . . do not do it unless you want to get booted from the screenwise panel and also be billed for the device ( currently over $200 retail ) . it is running a skin over the top of the device , similar to how samsung runs their own touchwiz interface over the top of android os . it is not just an app that is running on top ( although there is a separate and completely different screenwise app on the android market that is used with this panel , it is not the same thing ) .
i recently got 3 of these devices and discovered that they are already rooted ( superuser is installed ) and all you have to do is install a launcher . since you can not access anything other than the screenwise app ( yes , its just an app ) , you will need to sideload it via adb . what i did was connect to my computer , let windows get all the drivers installed , and downloaded a gingerbread launcher apk file . then i used the adb command ' adb install launcher . apk ' where launcher . apk was the file i downloaded and put into the root of the adb folder . hope this helps !
the application apk will be stored in /data/app/ or system/app/ you can navigate there and rm . apk , then reboot
not too smart are you ? if you could do what you are trying then you had be able to read anybody 's messages just by knowing their phone number . whatsapp needs a sim card to work .
a true octa-core is basically a processor either with homogenous or heterogeneous multiprocessing architecture . the processor in the galaxy s4 ( exynos 5410 ) for example ( intl . edition ) has 8 cores based on the arm big . little architecture wherein 4 cores are slower with low-power and 4 are faster with relatively higher power consumption . under this scheme two possibilities are there : only homogenous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s4 . this allows only 4 cores to run at a time out of a total of 8 . the processor can control which 4 run but all 8 cannot be utilized together . heterogeneous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s5 . this allows all the 8 cores i.e. the low power as well as high power cores to run together effectively increasing the maximum achievable performance of the soc . mediatek 's processor is also based on homogenous multiprocessing but has 8 homogenous cores instead of 4+4 different ones . this allows these cores to operate in coalition with each other without the heterogeneous architecture . as far as fast or slow goes it depends on the flops which the processor can achieve . in this case , mediatek 's processor usually has a slower clock speed than qualcomm 's processor and a different architecture as well . thus it is impossible to make a direct comparison of two processor without either a benchmarking software or a datasheet , but in general qualcomm 's latest top of the line processors are better than mediatek 's and this is despite additional cores . one more reason which exists for this performance parity is that not all applications are built to utilize multiple cores i.e. parallel processing . if you want more information regarding the same , consider reading this wiki article on amdahl 's law .
there are a few things you can try before contacting comixology support . go to the settings of the comixology app , and then tap the restore purchases button . that might solve things if you are logged into your comixology account . if that does not work , you can go to the purchases section of the app and read from there . click on the comixology icon in the top left corner of the app to view the menu to switch from featured , publishers , purchases , etc . once you are on the purchases screen , click on a book , then click the read button . the final solution to try would be to re-install the comixology app .
the android market pulls the os version directly from the system . as far as i am aware there is no way to fake this other than building a custom rom that fakes it , or possibly some sort of code injection . as ce4 's comment says , you will need to obtain the app from a different device running a supported os or through some other means ( a different app store for example ) .
if it is due to the manifest , which most likely bit is , then an error will occur if you try and side load the app . the only way to install it would be to use a utility such as apktool to edit the manifest file to make it compatible with your device , and then side load it .
first of all : motorola droid and motorola milestone are two different phones , although they look the same . the xt720 ( aka motoroi or sholes tablet ) is another phone from the milestone family , but without a keyboard . the software is not compatible , flashing a sbf file for the wrong phone will result in a bricked device . if you flash a custom rom via an update . zip or nandroid image , you will not get past the motorola-logo on boot , but it is still possible to flash the right rom . model number : milestone firmware version : 2.1-update1 firmware configuration version : gas_emea_usashls00rtint_p012 the box says : sm , a853 , tr , retail , licbrz this is indicating you got the standard milestone , the a853 , with the south-east asia firmware ( rtint ) . you can flash every milestone ( a853 ) rom , but it is possible , that 3g will not work due to different frequencies . i think , a brazil rom ( vivo ? ! ) was leaked some time ago , but there is no official release yet . custom roms : edgard castro maintains a brazilian aosp rom ( http://code.google.com/p/shadowmodbr/ ) and there is an unofficial version of the cyanogenmod 7 ( 2.3.3 , gingerbread ) . more info here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=670
the motorola update software will recognize the correct origin , so you could always try to get the official froyo upgrade . click around on this page to get instructions : http://www.motorola.com/staticfiles/support/gb-en/froyo/milestonenotification.htm
i had the same problem ; this is what worked for me : from the phone clear the app cache ( i used app2sd ) restart phone restart computer start kies connect phone to computer run restore again done .
disable usb debugging in settings> applications> development and select samsung kies in settings> wireless and network> usb settings and try connecting the device again
it seems that the code is specific for samsung devices . therefore , if your device is made by another manufacturer , it does not work ( if the manufacturer has not added it specifically ) .
there is an alternative launcher that purports to give the look-and-feel of windows phone 7 . i can not imagine it is more than " skin-deep " , however . some information ( and a video ) here : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/09/turn-your-android-phone-into-a-windows-phone-7-with-this-metro-ui-launcher/
quick look around shows that the alarm function is most definitely part of the clock app .
i know that with launcherpro you can set up " actions " as shortcuts , rather than directly to apps . you might be able to create a shortcut directly to the alarm app . there are probably other apps out there that do this . i would be interested in the answer , as i have a similar gripe about all of the " sub apps " included with the clock app .
i set my alarms by tapping the current time on beautiful widgets . the " beautiful smaller home weather " widget takes up 4 slots on the home-screen but allows short-cuts to 3 actions : set alarms , calendar , and weather forecast . the widget also lets you see the current time , today 's date , and current weather with a glance at your home-screen . beautiful widgets has a 4.5 star rating from 22k+ ratings . it costs ~$2 but i am not alone in saying that it is worth the price .
on my droid x , there was an app preinstalled called " alarm and timer " . that is what i have been using for alarms . not sure if this is the same thing you are talking about though . which verison of the os are you running ? my droid x is still on 2.1 .
well , generally most of the ssh clients i have used work fine ( e . g . juicessh / ssh droid ) so i would really recommend changing . if you are really determined to do this then you could use a separate ssh program in a terminal ( not sure if this will work ) or you could try setting up multiple ip addresses on the linux laptop . let 's say you have an ip address like 192.168.0.7/24 then ( if you own the network or have permission to use the other addresses ) you could login as root and do ip address add 192.168.0.8/24 dev eth0  then you will be able to login to the same laptop on a different address . you will find plenty of tutorials on the web for setting up ip addresses on linux so i will not go into the full details . i should probably also mention solutions such as the linux programs screen and dtach which allow you to have multiple shell sessions on one terminal . those are probably in many ways better for you .
another possibility is llama . it is similar to tasker and locale , but free . i do not know what other differences there are as llama is the only one i have tried so far .
check out settings profile - http://www.probeez.com/ . i bought both and i prefer settings profile ( it is also cheaper @ $3.95 ) . there is also a free version that only allows one active rule at a time . setting up the profiles in sp is more intuitive ( to me ) . the notification bar displays the active profile ( s ) and that interface allows you to easily change to a new profile . sp contains a few settings for free that locale does not ( i.e. . airplane mode , dock mode ) . there are plugins for locale ( $1.99 ) that can handle this - not sure if there are any free plugins . i would recommend trying out the free version to see how setting up profiles work , in general .
cyanogenmod 9 can do this . i think cm 7 also had this feature . unlike the other solutions , you had have to switch the profiles manually . the upside is that it integrates into the os more nicely .
check out locale . it is not the cheapest app , but it is very well made and will allow you to do this . it switches to profiles automatically based on certain conditions too . for example , when it detects that you are at home it can automatically switch to your bluetooth/wi-fi profile and turn off the mobile network .
http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ tasker is a bit complicated but it is insanely powerful . check it out
i guess this is by design as the majority of users do not have 4 accounts on their phone . the whole idea of those messages is to give the user the opportunity to download a new version as soon as it comes out . you may not want to use your mobile data when you do not want it to . maybe the update automatically tickbox would bypass this message , however it will probably still say that 3 updates have been applied . so what you maybe looking for is silent updates stackexchange-url looks like you can do it with a rooted phone . i too think that google can handle multiple accounts in a more intuitive ways across their products . since its out of our control to improve these closed source apps ourselves i will say its better than it used to be . i think the best solution for google would be to combine these messages into one notification ie "5 apps have been updated " . make some noise on the google support pages to improve this ux , this may be a good start http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/label?lid=551c5c4cca827a18hl=en
maybe try turning off notifications in the system messages app , if you can ? or changing them to the sound you want .
i9000 does not have an official rom , so i am assuming you are using a custom rom like cm10 . stock players from touchwiz are rarely availble , and for the most part do not work flawlessly on aosp based roms . try winamp and mplayer as alternatives , they work on any roms so you can move freely between roms too .
android 4.4 kitkat has introduced immersive full screen mode . there is an app in the play store exploiting this feature : immersive full-screen mode . it does not even need root access .
there are several roms with this feature baked into them cm10.1 being one of them but if you like the rom you currently have then i would go with stefan 's answer
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
there is a way to do it but it is way more complicated than borrowing a sim card . the sim card does not even have to be activated ( have service ) . . . just have different mcc/mnc from your carrier . to do it the " hard " way you would need to : find , download , install drivers for qualcomm diag interface find , download , install qxdm find how to switch your phone into the diag mode ( diag interface does not enumerate in normal mode ) find the qxdm command to query the subsidy lock status find how to interpret the result you would get come back and post the detailed solution
yes , i tries superoneclick and it worked for my lg l35g aka lg optimus logic ( net 10 ) .
there is a faq from when ubuntu announced it was working on ubuntu based tablets . there , they state : the only way to get an ubuntu tablet is to buy a tablet built and supplied with ubuntu by an oem partner of canonical so i would say that ubuntu is not , and will not , be capable of running on any existing android tablet . full faq can be found at media faq for press pack : tablet .
you might try this rsync -rltDv --chmod=u=rwX,g=rX,o=rX
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
the universal search function had to be limited on newer android versions due to one of apple 's lawsuits . thanks to this , the search behaviour had to be modified and can not be restored without rooting the device . for rooted devices the situation is somewhat better since you can replace GoogleQuickSearch.apk with a modified version . you can see the steps on xda . as always with modifications requiring root , use caution . i am not certain if the apk is device-dependant .
check that the application is only installed once in these directories : /data/app/ for user-installed app directory /system/app/ for pre-installed system app directory if an app comes preinstalled with the phone or your custom rom ships with it , then the original . apk will be installed in /system/app/ ( which is read-only , unless you root your phone and remount the directory to be writable ) so that you can uninstall the updated version of an app or do a factory reset to restore all apps to their original version . this can also happen if you have rooted phone and do an installation by copying an apk to /data/app . in short , updated system apps takes double the space than user-installed apps as the system stores the original . apk as well as the updated . apk in separate directory/partition . if you are 100% sure that you will not downgrade or do a factory reset , then you can root the phone and delete /system/app/BlahBlah.apk to save some space ; although this might not actually give you more space for storing data or applications unless you repartition the internal memory since the /system/ directory is usually a separate partition from the user-installed app directory . in short , do not do anything unless you really know what you are doing .
the new update has made the size bigger .
just add this to system variables " path": c:\program files ( x86 ) \your_adt_folder\sdk\platform-tools\
instead of looking for a default location simply look for platform-tools\ and android-sdk or just sdk those are the paths you need to add to the variable list
i have solved my own problem . those search paths are all messed up ! i checked the installation path and it is installed in c:\program files ( x86 ) \android even thou i do have a 64-bit version of windows . but nevertheless , this is the default installation location . so i updated the path variable with following line . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and now i can start adb server from cmd regardless of where the prompt is at . i have no clue why they are referring to appdata\local\ folder in the guide for the 64-bit systems . that makes no sense at all . if anywhere , the installation location should be in " program files " folder for a 64-bit system . they actually put this in for the 32-bit systems . . . like i said , it is all messed up . i should point out that adb.exe has been moved from C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ to the new location C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ . this has been done in later versions of android sdk . so if you are reading this in year 2013 then you can probably just get the latest sdk and use only this last search path . you do not need them both . at least not for adb and fastboot . if you are a developer then you maybe need to access tools from both directories , although if you are a dev then you probably will not need to read this at all . how to edit a system variable here 's a short how-to for the newbies . what you need is the environment variables dialog . click start ( orb ) menu button . right click on computer icon . click on properties . this will bring up system window in control panel . click on advanced system settings on the left . this will bring up the system properties window with advanced tab selected . click on environment variables button on the bottom of the dialog . this brings up the environment variables dialog . in the system variables section , scroll down till you see path . click on path to select it , then the edit button . this will bring up the edit system variable dialog . while the variable value field is selected , press the end key on your keyboard to go to the right end of the line , or use the arrow keys to move the marker to the end . type in ;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and click ok . click ok again , then ok once more to save and exit out of the dialogs . that is it ! you can now start any android sdk tool , e.g. adb or fastboot , regardless of what your current directory is in cmd . for good measure here 's what the dialog looks like . this is where you edit the path variable .
i think adw launcher has a setting that should keep the application in memory . also , cm has a setting to force the os to keep the launcher in memory . i dont remember where it is at in cm6 , but in cm7 it is in Settings -> CyanogenMod Settings -> Performance and it is called " lock home in memory " . i do not remember if it was in the same place or if it was called the same in cm6 .
try the v6 supercharger . it can make your homescreen launcher " hard to kill " or " bulletproof " . if you have ics/jb , be sure to get the ics/jb version . also , be sure to disable the Lock Home in Memory of your launcher ( if it has it ) before using v6 .
i released ankidroid 2.0.3 yesterday , it fixes the tts bug described at https://code.google.com/p/ankidroid/issues/detail?id=1892 does 2.0.3 fix the problem you described in your question ? before 2.0.3 the tts part of ankidroid had not changed in a long time , so it must be that tts changed in android 4.3 . if anybody has some info about what changed in android 4.3 's tts it would be extremely appreciated .
this seems to usually work for me . adb root you will see a message as Restarting adbd as root unplug the device from usb and connect again and type . adb remount troubleshooting : adb shell confirm that you are root if you see # shell prompt .
what device is this ? afaik , some devices have permanent ( kernel-level i think ) write-protection for the /system mount , so even if you are root , you still can not remount it rw . you have to restart the device without this protection , which is done differently depending on the device .
hard to say what could cause this problem . maybe you are able to tell what happened before the sound started ? could be a hint to address the issue . i would recommend start with uninstalling any unecessary apps and going through every app that is/was ever generating notifications for you . check their internal settings ( if there are any ) and also check notification settings in app manager . if you are using developer mode i suppose you can also try to turn it off , just in case . if it is reacting on shake in a weird way i would also recommend to run all possible updates , alternatively reinstall apps or in the worst case : reinstall the system . can not tell more about what could cause the bug .
does the phone begin discharging at 40% ? does it indicate that it is still charging , but the charge never exceeds 40% ? i have had charging issues with my motorol droid v1 . what i have come to understand is that the power delivered by the car adapter is less than the power drawn by the phone when the gps is on . i would suspect that a couple of factors might be in play here : connectivity problems if the connection between the charging cable and the phone might be poor , perhaps due to poor connector seating or swelling due to heat . it could be that , after charging for a period of time the phone heats up and expands to the point that the connection is lost . the phone stops charging , cools , and the connection is made again . phone behavior at or above 40% charge do you have tasker or some other automation tool running that has rules about which features / services to run at a particular charge level ? if so , you could be seeing that the services cause the phone to draw power at the same rate that it is charged , preventing further charging . these are really just guesses . if you have one , i would try hooking up a 3rd party charger that is rated for the same power output . if the phone charges completely this way , even though it is not a moto branded charger , it is a pretty good bet that your htc chargers just are not cutting the mustard with your moto phone .
i doubt this . i have charged my bionic using the following : griffin technologies power jolt dual car charger - rated 1a motorola car charger for original motorola droid - rated 850 ma motorola wall charger for original motorola droid - rated 850 ma motorola wall charger for bionic - rated 850 ma in addition , i have used 3 different usb charging cables connected to my computer in 2 different ways - to a powered usb 2.0 hub as well as directly off the motherboard usb rear connector . usb gold plated ferro-core cable from monoprice connected to powered usb hub - rated 500 ma usb original motorola cable that came with the bionic connected to the powered hub - rated 500 ma usb gold plated ferro-core cable from monoprice connected to motherboard usb - rated 500 ma usb original motorola cable that came with the bionic connected motherboard usb - rated 500 ma all have charged the phone perfectly fine . in addition , i have also charged the spare battery in the battery charger using the griffin in the truck and both motorola wall units at home to a full charge . so far , i have had no issues with charging . now , any charging performed through the computer usb and / or powered usb hub takes much longer than car / wall charging , but that ; s to be expected , with a 35% increase in amperage in those versus regular usb . i also have the power saving elements of the ui completely disabled , and i live in an area with only 3g access , but i have not disabled 4g on its own .
the only things i know of are turning off images , javascript and plugins . you probably do not want to do all that but setting plugins to " on demand " is quite useful -- pages with flash ads and such will not waste your data or battery in addition to demanding less from your phone , and it is just one click to allow a particular object to run if you want to watch an embedded video or something .
the new updates to google+ has features called auto enhance auto awesome . it is a feature that automatically enhances the photos you have uploaded . just make sure instant upload is on and the auto enhance settings are on in the app settings> camera and photos . here are the things that it does . https://support.google.com/plus/answer/3113884?hl=en
it has to do with the site having an icon for " apple-touch " defined in the page . for example o globe has the following : &lt;link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="favicon.png" /&gt;  and it works . there are differences in how other versions of android handle this . here is an article explaining some how this works a bit . there could also be a " catch 22" to this though , as i see that the mobile twitter site does have the apple-touch-icon-precomposed but does not seem to show the icon . this could be because of something motorola did differently in their modified version of android , or it could just be a bug . if the site does not define the icon , then you can use a tool like any cut to change the icon .
you should try a factory reset before trying to reflash the phone . afaik you need to unlock the bootloader ( voiding your warranty ) to flash a rom , even on the nexus s . instructions : turn the power off . if your nexus s is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no
i have not looked at removing geotags yet other than desktop apps already mentioned above , for which i use the geotag security . however , for preventing geotagging in the first place , this is easy seeing as you are rooted . i recently wanted to do this , wrote to samsung support and they told me the ability to do so in the camera app was removed with the last update . whatever . to stop it yourself , install lbe privacy guard . you will then need to go into App Management &gt; System Components and remove camera from the list of trusted system components . it will warn you . . . it is okay . once you have removed it as trusted , go back to the main screen then to Location Access Manager and deny the camera app the right to get your location . this will stop it from geotagging while still leaving your gps on and available for other apps such as maps . i have verified this with my own pictures i have taken . this solution also allows you to hide your location from other apps you may not want to have it ( such as twitter or facebook ) . the same app can also be used to restrict apps ' access to your data connection , your contacts and a myriad of other options . basically it allows you full control over which system permissions any app may use .
i found a camera mod here that allows disable of geotagging and does it by default . it looks like i either need adb or root to install it . edit : the camera mod does not work , as far as disabling geotagging . updated answer : the amazon app store has camera advance lite ( and a non-lite for that matter ) that has the option to turn off geotagging , which is disabled by default . this app geo eraser looks like it will remove prior geotagging info . it appears that using a gingerbread based os will fix the problem as well , based on my conversations with gingerbread users .
maybe i am missing something here , but photos i take when my froyo device 's gps is shut off are not geotagged . furthermore , my default camera app has a " store location " option . when exercising either of these options , my phone does not display the " tracking your location " icon in the notification area while taking photos . it seems like the above options are a trivial solution to part 1 of your question . is your phone missing these options ? do they not do what i think they do ? i am running a motorola droid on stock android 2.2.2 ( frg83g . )
imagemagick has a " strip " command line argument which will remove all exif data ( try it with the convert command . ) . it might be a little excessive , but imagemagick is very very very scriptable . however it will recompress the image . see the answer to this question on stackoverflow . short version : jpegtran or exiftool .
as a solution to #2 , geotag security is a program you could use . it ( should ) run in xp , so you would have to copy your pictures to your computer first , or hook your sd up via usb , but it should do the trick ! here 's the site where i found it , the above is a direct link to their site .
from a google search for " mms creation mode " i found this ( among others ) which says : • mms creation mode — select restricted to have your device prevent you from including content in multimedia messages that may not be supported by the network or the receiving device . to receive warnings about including such content , select guided . to create a multimedia message with no restrictions on attachment type , select free . if you select restricted , creating multimedia presentations is not possible .
messages longer than 3 texts in length get sent as mms ( picture messages ) rather than sms ( texts ) , thereby costing more than texts , or being outside your contract ( if you have pre-paid texts ) . if you leave this setting on ' free ' , this conversion to an mms will happen with no warning . if you leave this setting on ' warning ' , you get a brief flash of a warning message on your screen when you type a message that is longer than 3 texts in length . if you have it on ' restricted ' , you should not be able to type a longer message in one go , but i have to say that my galaxy ace is set on restricted and i have still managed to inadvertently send a long message as an mms .
android uses a so-called media scanner to index your media files ( this also applies to your images and videos ) . this media scanner ships with the system , and fires automatically on certain system events -- such as after boot , or when you insert your sd-card . it does , however , not react on a simple " file-drop " via network . for such cases , it might need a little help to get to know it has to act : rescan media rescan sd card ! are two free example apps from the playstore which do exactly that : trigger the media scanner . once the media scanner has indexed your new files , they will immediately show up in the corresponding apps such as the gallery ( for images/videos ) or your music player .
copy the files as before but use a music player from the play store . i would suggest a player that supports folder based play so it does not force you to sort your music by album/artist , which can be a pain if your music is not tagged properly . i will not suggest you a particular music player because i do not want to turn this question in to a favorite music player discussion . if you really have trouble finding one , post a comment here for a suggestion .
i usually put all my songs into a folder and zip it into a smaller archive with an easy short name . something like mp3files . zip move that folder ( or a copy of it ) to /android-sdk/platform-tools/ plug the nexus in with a good usb cable and go to settings/developer options set to " usb debug enabled " next i use # . /adb push home/android-sdk/platform-tools/mp3files . zip /sdcard/music important to notice one space between path to file and path to destination also make sure your capitalization is correct while . /adb is moving your files you wont get any feedback that anything is happening until its finished so be calm and find something else to do i also use the vlc for android beta media player availible from the vlc developers forum--it works perfectly its still a beta . but its not so much a hiccuped ever for me and plays whatever i throw at it ( im not associated with the project in any way i just am passing along some info i have found )
my main use of android mp3 files is to listen to podcasts . my workflow is as follows : use google reader to subscribe to and browse podcast feeds . the mp3 files are linked in each feed , so the ones i decide to listen to get downloaded to my computer . i use downthemall for downloading , because it is good at this kind of download and because it preserves modification times on files it downloads . however , i am moving away from firefox , so i am now looking for a similar plugin for chrome . periodically plug my phone into a usb port on my computer ( use usb3 if you have it , absurdly fast ) , causing the sd card to be mounted as a removable disk . there is a directory , listen that contains all my podcasts . since i listen to them in the order of the modification times , i sort the directory listing by mod times and delete all the ones i have listened to . i move all of my new downloaded files into the listen directory on my phone . i tell windows explorer to " eject " the removable drive ( this ensures that all file writes are completed ) and unplug the phone . i plug in my headphones and run mortplayer audio books . although not specifically designed for my use case , it has some features i need : the ability to be pointed at any directory i want . the ability to automatically sort my files by modification time . the ability to automatically remember where i left off . obviously , the way i listen to mp3 files is different from the way most other people do , so you will need to figure out your own workflow . in particular , you will probably want a different audio player program . but judging from your prescribed needs , you want one that lets you just copy files directly into an sdcard directory . most do . ideally , one could use bluetooth to copy files . i have tried that , but have found that bluetooth copying software is slow , a pain to use , and does not preserve file mod times .
since you were able to remove a system app , i assume that your galaxy nexus is rooted . depending which rom you are running , you should be able to download a copy of that rom , extract the " mms . apk " from system/app subfolder within the zip , and then push it via adb to the same location on the phone . ( for stock rom you might also need mms . odex file from same location . ) adb remount adb push C:\path\to\file\Mms.apk /system/app/Mms.apk 
well , i do not know what all of them mean but i can get you started . you are currently in the bootloader . recovery : this is the partition in memory that has a recovery installed . a recovery program allows you to connect via adb ( android debug bridge ) , flash update zip files ( or roms ) , perform backups ( nandroid backups ) , wipe data , factory reset the phone and some other stuff . factory : this option will restore your phone to factory settings . in other words , it will wipe all your data and the phone will start back up like it was new . that is all i know .
you can choose do not auto update from the setting of play store when you open play store > my apps ( from navigation drawer ) if there will be any notification to update apps . . when you choose update / update all then it will ask for accept permissions if there is any change in permissions well it is not possible but if you want to stop auto-update apps on android then this might be the perfect answer 1 . open play store 2 . play store setting 3 . tap auto-update apps 4 . choose from options
if you enable usb debugging mode , the phone will connect to your computer and charge as usual , but you will not get any auto-mounting for the phone storage . enable usb debugging in android 4.0 click your device home button ; tap " settings" ; scroll your way to " developer options " and tap it ; check " usb debugging " . enable usb debugging in android 2.3 click your device home button ; tap on " settings" ; tap on " applications" ; scroll your way to " development " and tap it ; check " usb debugging " . this method works for me to charge my phone without mounting the storage .
i do not think there is any way to stop the google plus from auto uploading video if you have instant upload turn on . the work around i can think off is to use a file manager like " astro " to move all your video file from /dcim/camera folder to a different folder in your sdcard . i believe google plus will ignore the folder outside of /dcim/ edit : re-read your post , looks like you were uploading video from your pc to your phone which you probably just placing those under some folder in sdcard . you can try this app studiokuma . nomedia manager and set the folder that contains video with . nomedia and perhaps the entire folder will be ignore by google+
i downloaded the epub reader freebie from the play store . i connected my phone to my computer via usb and then dragged my epub book to my motoluxe . then i opened the epub reader and clicked on the small green + sign on the top of the page . that allowed me to add the book that i had stored in my ebooks folder ( i think that particular folder " appeared " when i installed the epub reader . then i read it using that reader . i am just learning to use this phone so am not sure whether that folder ( directory ? ) existed before i downloaded the freebie reader . ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.graphilos.epub )
yes . dropbox ( or box or any other cloud storage service ) would be one feasible solution . another way would be to use airdroid . it allows you to copy content to your phone via your laptop browser . the added advantages are : you can send messages from your laptop in case your phone is lost , you can delete all data remotely .
i would recommend using pushbullet for easy and convenient file sharing across devices ( among many other interesting features ) and then google 's own quickoffice does the job for pdf files . as for ebooks , i would recommend uploading your files straight into google play books ( easily accessible from the google play store site ) and using the official android app to read them . it is not the most feature rich , but it does the job well and few others can beat the ease of use and ability to access your books across devices .
if you need an app to read ebooks , i would suggest tap2speak reader . it does not have as many features as those popular ones , but is sufficient for your situation . in addition , it can use google translate to speak more than 50 languages . it saves you much time from finding a " usable " text-to-speech engine .
use usb cable and set your android phone as usb mass storage device , also you can send pdf as e-mail attachment , or use google drive , dropbox , skydrive cloud services etc . other detailed information i found at http://www.file-extensions.org/pdf-file-extension
use google drive to share your files between devices
you can use an app like adobe reader or office suite pro to view the .pdf files in your device . there is a free version as well for the office suite . you can simply transfer the files to your device via usb .
easiest way i use is installing a good ebook reader which simply accesses files you place in its directory ( in my case , moon+ reader in its payed version , currently 50% off its price ) . then i can easily transfer my reading material ( moon+ supports a bunch of formats , including pdf , epub , mobi , fb2 and many more ) either . . . via cardreader via usb ( when connected ) wirelessly ( e . g . using a sync app like foldersync , or a network file manager like es file explorer , or a remote management tool like airdroid ) via dropbox is also available according to the description ( never tried , have no dropbox account ) you even can highlight and annotate ( with pdfs , this goes directly into the pdf file ; for other formats it is stored separately ) , integrate dictionaries like colordict , and much more .
i use es file explorer to put my pdfs on my google drive ( works well with skydrive and dropbox and several other cloud platforms or you can sync over a network ) and just open them with polaris office or kindle on my tablet .
you need to mention a specific place in your city or even better , your current location . i am sure there are more than a single bank with the same name in your city so it is better if you specify the branch too ( typing your bank name should show the locations ) . anyways i opened google maps on my pc and searched the term " bank " and there was no bank of the name you searched . see this link for my exact search and the complete list .
administrative privileges are not the same as root . they allow for a slightly elevated level of security for controlling things like the lock screen or other tasks that most apps should not have access to . enabling administrative permission for an app will not void your warranty or anything . just be careful what you allow to have this access . the security app will need this permission to be able to lock the device and delete data ( if the app supports it ) .
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
try pressing and holding the home button ( hardware button in the bottom row ) - that should pop up a screen listing recently opened apps . i believe the galaxy tab 's interface has been modified to include a task manager button . is that what you are looking for ?
i think you are talking about the program monitor widget : long press anywhere on your home screen , choose Widgets and select the Program Monitor from the list .
sounds to me like you deleted a widget . long-press on a home screen , choose widgets from the popup menu , and see if there is one matching your description .
you can try to reboot / remove battery . maybe resetting to factory settings will help . in addition , if everything else fails , you could try following ( read somewhere about it ) : turn it off and then back on ( the one asking you about using wifi to localize you faster ) the bluetooth and wifi are both 802.11 standards , therefore they are controlled by the same chip
two pieces of ground i want to cover here : /cache is typically a separate partition on your device , which would not be mountable by a pc via usb , which is why that is not working . the usb connection generally accesses a directory named " sdcard " ( or similar ) which is used as an external storage device , although this storage area does not have to be physically external to the device ( it may just be a partition named /sdcard rather than a physical card ) . if the ota is in /cache then you should be able to find it with a file explorer or shell on your device . once you have found it , you could simply move the file from /cache to your external storage and then copy it over usb . you will need root in order to access /cache , though . there are a number of file explorers that support root access , but i personally use es file explorer .
i had a similar issue when updating from 902 to 905 . i followed the two pages of instructions in the below-linked article to get me to 905: http://androidadvices.com/update-motorola-droid-bionic-latest-59905-firmware/ good luck !
alternatively , you can flash an fxz rom image for your current version or later . the benefit of that is that it does not matter what state your phone is in or if its missing bloatware that the ota update requires . things you need : fxz image for the desired version ( google search for it ) rsdlite ( google search rsdlite 5.7 download ) motorola device drivers ( found on motorola 's site ) usb cable
as long as you reflash both the boot partition and the system partition it will take you back to a stock version of android . the kernel is packed in the boot image , so that will overwrite a custom one , but a system image alone will not . you could also choose to flash back to a stock recovery , but that has no real bearing on the android system itself and custom recoveries are much more robust , so i would personally not recommend reflashing recovery .
you can download and flash a factory image from here : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#razorktu84p it also includes instructions at the top on how to do it . this will restore it completely to stock .
if you try to leave a review again from the same account , does it let you ? does it show the previous review , or act like nothing has been input before ? reviews should not age off ( unless they are removed for profanity or other reasons ) , but some developers have noted that ratings suddenly disappeared from their app . maybe it was a one-time bug .
here is the useragent from chrome beta on my transformer prime mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.3 ; en-us ; transformer prime tf201 build/iml74k ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 safari/535.7
mine is : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.2 ; en-us ; galaxy nexus build/icl53f ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 mobile safari/535.7
yes . cpu is not the only thing using power but definitely a major one ( when not idling ) . most android devices have a ' battery ' section in settings which lists what applications are using up your battery . i think it gets reset every time you plug in a recharger . there might be 3rd party apps which collect that information over longer term and display it moer pretty .
only the main user ( owner ) has access to Developer Options . related question : stackexchange-url
from the picture it would appear you are correct . note #2 , however . the baseband is the modem firmware .
check out the app called " app protector " .
give this application a try app lock you sound be able to lock the application you want to keep private .
the two best sms replacement apps - handcent and gosms both have options for putting up a pin input screen before allowing access to the app . both also allow this functionality to be extended to the default in-built sms app as well . gosms also allows a user to apply this security screen to all apps , but that tends to hinder rather than help , imo .
checkout bradybound . it is a system wide download speed shaper/limiter . few things to note : the app requires root access . it works by dropping packets using iptables . this wastes some traffic - how much depends on the type of traffic ( e . g . long running download , web browsing ) . rate measurement is done by number of packets instead of bytes so the speed limit will not be accurate . this only limits tcp traffic ( it makes no sense to drop udp packets ) . note also that i am the author of this app .
well there is no such app at the moment but google is planning to introduce this in the near future . . bandwidth throttling feature
while not for the faint of heart , how about the linux command traffic control ? check out the man page for a quick run-down . you will need root and the android terminal emulator app ( or similar ) . i think this guide will be helpful , especially the script quoted below ( although because i am not rooted i have not tried it myself ) . you can either try to run the script using sh or using bash , or simply type the commands from the script directly in terminal after replacing the variables with your desired values . let us know how it goes .
i have the same problem with samsung galaxy ace 2 . to make your default storage the sd card you need to modify vold . fstab . but to modify this file you need to root your phone . i think there is no other way to do this . hope i have helped = ) .
both the pop3 and your email client are issues . as prior poster pointed out , pop3 does not support partial downloading . however , many email clients do support limiting message download size . by setting up the right limit , you can just download message but not the attachment . when you click on attachment , you will be asked whether you want to download the attachment . this method does work . if you are current mail client does not support this , consider changing clients . i too use k-9 and feel it is pretty good , plus its free ( open source ) . k-9 does support limiting download size on pop3 accounts . if you are email provider supports imap , you ought to switch . imap is way way better .
k-9 mail does load attachments only on request . but your problem is not only the client , it is more the protocol used for retrieving e-mail : pop3 does not support the partial download of an e-mail without their attachment ( s ) , whereas imap does . besides of that imap has some nice extensions when it comes to mobile usage : lemonade profiles
why re-invent the wheel ? could you not just re-use an existing service for your notifications , the simplest would just be to use email or twitter . there are many , many existing ways to hook servers up to send email or twitter messages , and many clients on android that will notify you when these arrive , and can prioritise and do different notifications depending on the message . my server at home has its own gmail account , it mails me about anything i need to know , and i have rules and prioritisations in my gmail to sort the messages on their importance , and star them when necessary , and the android client notifies me . big bonus to doing it this way is that you are not tied to checking these notifications on your phone , but have many ways to view and check them on many different platforms .
there are several ways to accomplish things like this : using atomics to kill the chicken you could e.g. setup one of your ubuntu machines as a nagios server ( or any similar service ) . there are several clients available for android , like e.g. anag and unagi nagios client on android ( the latter even has plugins for locale/tasker for more flexibility : locale unagi notifier plug-in and locale unagi settings plug-in , so you even can setup automatic actions on your device based on the notifications ) . plenty more of similar solutions available , e.g. with cacti . . . the simplicistic approach at the end of your scripts , you could place a line to have them send you a mail to e.g. your gmail address . this can e.g. be done using the mailx command : mailx -s "[WooFoo] script finished" johndoe@example.com  ( of course , replace johndoe@example.com with your real address ) . as soon as that mail arrives , gmail ( or any other mail client you use on your android device ) would trigger a notification . enhancing the simple approach tasker can react on incoming mail for the gmail app or k-9 mail . that is why i put the [WooFoo] in front of the subject : replace that by any specific keyword which should trigger your tasker action . tasker then can " eat " the mail ( so it does not stick in your account for manual clean-up ) and perform a desired action : play a specific tune , vibrate your phone using a specific pattern , generate a pop-up message , even execute specific javascript code ( see the actions section of the tasker userguide for additional ideas ) .
ios and android are two different systems . the only way to run android apps on ios would be with an emulator . there exists a project called iphodroid . it has a google code project page and an official homepage . the last update from the homepage is from may 2011 and given the rapid development regarding android and ios i doubt that this is still functional . you can try it , but at your own risk ! i have never tested it .
go to Settings&gt;Voice input and output&gt;Text-to-speech settings and check " driving mode " .
a bit late i know , but i have just been having a similar problem with a samsung galaxy s3 mini . this is how i got rid of it . i tried other ways , but found that if i turned the phone on and off again , the speech would come alive again . this was the only way i could kill it off for good . go to Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Text to Speech and there will be a list of current text to speech providers ( i had 2 , google and samsung ) go to Application Manager -&gt; All find Google Text to Speech and disable it if there is no disable button , you will have to click Uninstall All Updates first , then go back , and the button should now read disable you will want to do the above step for each text to speech option you had in your list . i had 2 , so i did it again for samsung tts . now if you go back to Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Text to Speech there should be nothing left in the list and your home screen will finally be silent . hooray ! i also have driving mode and talkback disabled . i already had them turned off , but they did not help . hope this helps .
you do not need root to access log files . one option is to use the adb tool from the android sdk . but it is a huge download . another option is to use a tool like logshark . ( disclaimer : i created it )
depending on your rom , there might be two settings for screen lock : user turns of screen explicitly ( default : lock immediately ) screen turns off by timeout ( default : lock after 5 seconds if not switched on again by user before that ) you might wish to check with your device . it is usually found in settings&rarr ; display . not that this is not separately configurable on all devices .
use class 10 sd cards . there will be fewer problems .
for some reason , mtp and adb are incompatible . try turning usb debugging off , i have never been able to get it to connect right with it on .
yes , this will all work as smoothly as you hope . i recently traveled to a different timezone . before the trip i added a lot of events in my google calendar with an explicit timezone set ( of my destination ) . google ( and my phone ) did the timezone math correctly when i was there . the only caveat is that if you travel somewhere outside of your phone 's cellular service , then it will not be able to automatically set the timezone ( assuming you leave that feature enabled generally ) . you will need to use Settings -> Date &amp; time , then un-check Automatic and then manually set the local timezone .
google calender works with time zones exactly like you hope it would . all events shift appropriately based on your local time zone without user intervention . i particularly like how on the web you can specify a different time zone for the start and end of an event so you can accurately record the time of an airplane trip .
yes , at least for me . all of my events are stored as gmt and the time of the event is displayed based on the time of the device ( my location ) . now , i do not know what happens if you " specify " the timezone like you mentioned , as i have never done that .
i just had this problem less than an hour ago on my acer iconia a500 . i have had it happen with multiple sd cards on different devices . this is how i overcome this problem everytime . the only way that this wont work is if the card is fried to the problem of your " damaged sd card " , what is most likely going is corruption of the file system . something on the phone made an invalid entry . plug your sd card in the reader run mini tool partition wizard ( mtpw ) select partition wizard , other is data recovery pick the sd card in the list right click for drop down menu scroll down and click on check file system let it finish , then exit mtpw unplug and re-plug sd card into reader when " do you want to scan and fix " pops up , check both when finished , unplug from reader mount in your phone and enjoy . i know it is a late answer , but knowledge is power .
if i understand correctly you are wanting to download all of your gmail emails ? if so , i have used this tool before in the past to download my gmail emails and it works well : http://www.gmail-backup.com/
you can use adb for this : adb backup -noapk -noshared -f gmail.ab com.google.android.gm  would backup all data of the gmail app to your pc , storing it in a file named gmail.ab in the current working directory . a restore of that snapshot then is as easy as running adb restore gmail.ab  note that this will include all the settings of the gmail app . if you prefer doing the same via an app on your device , take a look at helium backup . without root , it is not possible to access the corresponding folder on your device directly ( which would be found below /data/data/com.google.android.gm and be owned by the gmail app , which forbids access for other apps/users , including the shell user ) .
well for the vibrant , the codes are as follows ; for example , ka7: the first letter is the year : k is the eleventh letter of the alphabet , so 2011 . the second is the month : january ( a = 1 ) . 7 is the revision or build , so ka6 is older than ka7 , etc . it is obviously different for the i9000 but you should be able to find that info on xda . they will also tell you which release is which version of android , which is not in the code afaik .
i think they changed the name of the stock clock app during one of the android os upgrades . in 2.1 i think it was called " desk clock " . in 2.2 it is just called " clock " .
same happened to me . i just reinstalled the google calendar app and all my entries returned on my samsung calendar . i think you just need to have the app installed to make it all work properly ; i have never actually used the google calendar app which is why i uninstalled it . hope it works for you too .
had the same problem . you have to delete the account that is associated with the calendar , then add it again . if you do not know how to do this- here is the step-by-step process . **make sure all of your phone numbers and contacts are synced first ! ! ** go to > settings then > accounts then click on > google ( or whatever calendar account you are wanting to gain access to again ) then delete /remove the email associated with the calendar . now go back to settings> accounts then click > add new account then input your info and add the account ( make sure the calendar sync option is checked ) then go check your calendar . it should be back up and running . .
you could write an app that locks to portrait orientation when whatever conditions you want are met . so you could make it always be portrait unless the phone is held perfectly vertical in landscape position . as far as i can tell , you can not force landscape orientation , so you will have to just enable autorotation unless you want to make your own rom . your app will probably need to be a service and use sensormanager . you can search the android source on google code .
this widget works well . . . no customer rom or root required . :0 )
in cyanogenmod , and you can set up to have the power widget on the notification bar , the power widget in cyanogen is enhanced so it can control more settings , one of it is the ability to lock the orientation sensor . whenever you want to lock , simply pull out the notification bar and tap on the lock orientation button .
no , it should not have any effect on your settings or apps . the faq from the project voodoo site notes : will i lose any settings or app ? none . but some sort of backup is recommended of course .
Settings | About phone | System updates it should let you know that there is an update available . if you still have the update . zip file on your sd card , these instructions should do it : http://geekword.net/manually-install-froyo-htc-desire step 1: download the android 2.2 firmware for the desire from here . step 2: rename the file update . zip and copy it to your microsd card via usb . [ note : make sure the file is named update . zip and not update . zip . zip . ] step 3: power down your desire . step 4: hold down the “volume down” button as you power the phone back on . step 5: a screen should appear showing your phone’s system searching for various files . scroll down to “recovery” and press the “power” button . step 6: when you see the triangle with an exclamation point symbol , press the “power” and “volume up” buttons at the same time . step 7: from the menu that appears , select “apply sdcard:update . zip . ” step 8: when the screen displays “install from sdcard complete” select “reboot system now” and wait for the phone to power back up .
in my phone ( moto g running 4.4.4 ) this symbol appears when the phone is set to use " high accuracy mode " ( i.e. . use the gps rather than wi-fi/phone network for location ) and some app requests the location .
yes this is clearly a carrier issue . if you are using the stock sms application , i have never come across this apart from carrier forwarding .
this does sound like a network ( carrier ) issue , however , do you have any applications that intercept text messages ? if so , uninstall it , and see if that helps . edit : i just got this issue on an ics rom . what i think it could be - your network holds the text , and tries to send it if your phone is turned off , or has no signal . it then tries to send them . after it has sent , the network does not actually realise it , and sends it again .
sounds like a carrier issue , as said . however , this could be due to an issue with your connection ? you could possibly do a factory default reset , and see if that alleviates the problem . could be a faulty installation causing the connection to send twice or something ? not too sure how that works , but it might be worth a shot . if not , then possibly contact your carrier , regarding the issue , and they may have an appropriate answer for your query .
i do not know if you were able to unlock you phone , but what i would like to suggest is once you are able to unlock your phone then get a great app vipsha2 - remote phone screen lock from google play . this app has helped me a lot and its free . we just need to send an sms from other phone and we can lock or unlock our phone . edit by izzy : as the following screenshot shows , you set up an " attention word " , which then has to be send by sms to trigger the lock/unlock . not sure where the password comes into play , as i do not use this app .
install screen lock bypass ( free ) from web interface of play store . it'll not reset/remove your pin , but unlock your device on each reboot . if you want to permanently reset/remove pin , you will have to purchase its pro version . in the last , you can always factory reset your device if these apps are not working for you . factory reset wipes out all custom configurations including pin/security lock .
sometimes cables do not conform to standards and mess up the auto-negotiation of power level for the devices attached to them . ( devices can tell the computer / charger how much electricity they require ) . phone can handle the max level of electricity , so soldering the 2nd and 3rd pins together on the cable will demand more power from the computer .
do you use any app killer ? i used to use this kind of software , and sometimes i accidentally killed some system service and then it only charged again after a reboot . i stopped using app killers after that .
i have a charger with a bad cable . it sometimes charges and sometimes it will not . wiggling the cable point seems to help ( do not do that though for risk of damaging your phone . check if its your cable or your phone by charging your phone with a data cable . if that charges your device your original charges is faulty . if this doesnt work either your phone connector is bad and you can either wiggle till it works or get a new phone .
may be possible that when plugging in your charger/usb cables it is not making a connection , i had a problem on an old phone ( nokia n95 ) with this and had to send it off for a new one . also possible that it may be the charger , have you got another you could try ?
good question . while it is technically feasible ( mount /system rw , unpack the zip , install the apks ) , i do not think that it is currently possible . the gapps are usually installed with help of the recovery . for more information see " how can i install the google apps package ( play store , … ) on my android device ? "
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
at the top of your homescreen , there should be a row of white dots , one for each screen . you can tap them to skip directly to selected homescreen .
this is an option in most launchers , but i think it is not available in the stock launcher . i would recommend switching to launcher pro , there it is enabled by default and can be toggled from Preferences -&gt; Homescreen settings -&gt; Homescreen looping .
if you are using the original samsung supplied os with samsung 's touchwiz interface , then it does not wrap around , to get to the 7th screen you have to scroll seven screens to the right . alternatively you can " pinch " zoom out on any of the home screens to zoom out and see an overview of all of your screens , and tap any of them to move straight to them . you can also add and remove screens ( up to 7 ) from here , by dragging unwanted screens to the trash bin at the bottom of the screen , or clicking the plus sign to add another ( up to 7 ) .
there is 2 slightly different solutions . log onto your corporate mail account using outlook web access . go to the account settings , i.e. the options link . under that , select phone , and delete your phone profile from there . now delete and recreate the exchange account on your phone , and this time do not choose to sync contacts . exchange has a corporate addressbook or directory , and a local addressbook for your own personal contacts . get rid of the locally saved contacts in your exchange addressbook , so that on the next sync they will similarly be culled from the phone . you can always look them up in the corporate directory , and android can also perform a lookup against the directory for contacts that are not stored locally . this of course assumes that you do not actually need so many contacts on hand in your local addressbook , or that these are all company contacts and not external business contacts .
another possibility is to hide the account in your address book/contacts on your phone . disclaimer - not all contact apps support this though . on my phone , when i go into contacts and click the menu button , one of the menus is Display Options . this then lets me hide or show contacts for specific accounts ( ie . google , facebook , twitter , etc . ) . if i turn off a particular account in here , it does not show any of those contacts in my address book .
i faced the same problem when i configured the corporate account in my phone . then i removed the account by going to settings-> accounts and re added it . while re-adding i unchecked sync contacts , sync calendar , sync email and activated the account . now the problem is no more .
i have never seen it come from the right , nor have i seen it " gap " , but the progress bar is just that , it shows the download progress for the page that you about to view . after you posted your screenshot and video , it looks like that the browser is seeing that you are on the malaysian version of google . if i am correct , the malaysian is read from right to left , which would be why the progress bar loads from right to left . if you just go to google.com, it will load from left to right , or you have the default language on your device to be malaysian , in which case , would default it to right to left .
the battery may be ok . i had this problem and fixed it . 1 ) plug the phone into a charger . 2 ) the pins get loose , so press the battery towards the pins and press the on button . 3 ) once the phone starts to boot up , you can take the pressure off and replace the back onto the phone . whoolahhh !
try using a different battery . samsung phones have user-replaceable batteries , and your current one may be defective .
if it'll help , an app like titanium backup ( sounds like you are probably already rooted ) handles pretty much everything for you .
you might have to kill/restart the launcher in order to see new apps in the app drawer .
you want titanium backup . just backup the user apps and not the system . titanium backup in market
there is now a standard place for android phone users to set their owner information : menu -> settings -> security - > owner information there is also a checkbox that makes this information show up on the lock screen . there is an article about it at cnet with this useful screenshot :
settings / about phone / status shows the device 's phone number . call it and leave a message . maybe the owner will check their voicemail from home . or call people in the contact list , especially ones that show recent history . " your buddy lost a phone . . . " or call the carrier and tell them you found the phone . they will be able to contact the phone 's owner and relay your contact information .
if you go to settings > accounts and sync settings , you should be able to see their gmail address and possibly facebook . you can probably contact them through one of those .
canvas 4 doesnot have dlna or wifi direct . micromax is working on kitkat update for canvas it it is expected to be release between april-june 2014 . as a workaround for wifi direct you can use fast file transfer source : my friend have this phone
the official android version will be updated when the manufacturer decides . if you are rooted you can try cm11 here , but be careful . if you want to use wifi direct try this app
1 ) go to your phone 's settings > storage 2 ) unmount sd card ( your external sd card ) 3 ) download/install from the app ( s ) from the store again 4 ) go back to settings > storage - then mount your sd card again ( or reboot ) or you can try this 1 ) insert the sd card in you windows pc 2 ) you will find a folder named android_secure in it you will find the file named smdl2tmp1.asec delete it ( make sure in pc folder options , the show hidden files are enabled and the hide protected operating system files is unchecked ) source : xda
sounds like it is trying to install direct to your sd card . go to settings> storage> unmount SD card install the app mount SD card again
better you format and try again , still prob download your app from your pc , search playstore and download from it . if you havent set your mobile number , set it . or download apks from http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ in your pc and copy and move it to your mobile phone
it turns out i simply had to download a more up-to-date file ( which included the odin executable which runs on the pc , and the . tar that it uploads to the phone ) from here , using the table to look up the appropriate file for my device . for my samsung galaxy s3 ( gt-i9300 ) the file was CF-Auto-Root-m0-m0xx-gti9300.zip available from here .
ruus are linked to carrier and their allocation of devices so it can be tricky to find the right ruu for your device i had a similar issue with my htc magic and i used a goldcard method to downgrade the bootloader so that may be a good place to start , do not lose heart it can be done due to the massive amounts of different ruus out there it can be really confusing it took me ~6 weeks to find the right solution to downgrade my htc magic so i could root it , i have never looked back since http://lmgtfy.com/?q=downgrade+desire+bootloader+goldcard
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
wipe dalvik cache after wiping cache reboot and wait a while
you installed mod to system , so you need to reflash rom from recovery . erase user data ( hard reset ) will not help you .
i fixed the problem by switching cables . i am not sure why it displayed " charging " in android , or how it actually managed to charge about 10% in 6 hours , but it seems to have worked now that i am gaining about 10% every 5 to 10 minutes like normal .
my phone is also running on cyanogen and unfortunately i have the same problem , this problem may be due to kernel . here is the solution which i use also . buy an extra charger of different model say htc and use this charger till it is charging well , then use the original charger . repeat the procedure if necessary . it sounds so strange but works luckily .
as eldarerathis already pointed out in his comment on your question : if the app is already installed , and the certificate matches , you will be prompted whether you want to replace it . if the certificates differ , there is a conflict : the app cannot be updated due to the mismatch , and it cannot be installed along as the package name is already in use ( apps use an internal package name , which e.g. is shown in the url on its google play store webpage ) . if the package is corrupted , you again get another specific error ( telling you it is corrupted ) . so most probably , the .apk you try to install manually has been tampered with . if it was not you doing so , i would refrain from using it . if it was you , and you know what you are doing -- or you know the source to be trustworthy ( e . g . the developer of the app provided you with an unsigned testing version ) , you have to first uninstall the original app before installing the " tainted " .apk .
googles backup-api uses the directory /data/backup to queue outstanding backups ( which are not yet transferred ) . so if your device is rooted , you could investigate this directory for any files contained , and probably remove them if they cause trouble ( i am not sure if/how it then will be handled to figure out which backups it has to repeat , though -- so it is your own risk ) . but from your logcat i would say backupmanager already cleared that directory ( the second black line reads clearing pending backups , followed by beginning backup of 3 targets ) -- so i rather assume there is some faulty implementation with one of those 3 apps . i am not a developer , though , so i cannot say . you can check your history of installed apps ( the app appmonster imho offers to see the installation date ; i am not sure where to find this information with stock apps ) to see , which ones you installed last , and " roll back " until the problem disappers ( or you left the " probable time frame" ) . edit : do you have some more lines of that logcat ? it stops just when it is becoming interesting . i would follow those lines belonging to pid 181 here , so you probably can figure out which app is causing the problem . fifth line from the bottom up e.g. shows a wallpaper being backed up , along with the wallpaper 's api call ( android.app.backup.WallpaperBackupHelper -- i guess that is rather some android internal to backup wallpaper settings , but again : i am not a developer , i can only make guesses ) . there might be more lines like this , giving clues .
while is there an app for x questions are off-topic here , just a little hint : you might wish to take a look at procapture and a better camera , which both support the volume rocker for either shutter or zoom ( configurable ) . i am pretty sure they are not the only ones .
i have found a way that may help you . i used this to grant root access to tasker . if you use the terminal emulator to grant read but not write access to a folder using su chmod 775 /location/of/folder/ then your text editor will be able to read that directory and so if you can then try to save a file in the folder then it will try to request root permission . it may also just give a write error .
well there is a way out , though its bit lengthy . first of all you need to have the source code of the app you need to install . then locate the main java file ( which you can find in the " package" ) . just add the following code process p = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su" ) ; and you are done : )
no . you should request the app developer to do so . on unix like systems , permissions are managed with something called uids . every process has one and it dictates what they can access . moreover , there are also groups that have permission that their members can use . when an app has permissions like Write to SD card they are put into a group that has this permission . the root permissions are an exception since they are not declared in the app 's manifest , but rather in its code . root is also not a group but a separate uid ( as it is a separate user ) so it is not that easy for an app to use it . apps that have root rights need to be explicitly written to do so . the way this works is every time an app wants to do something as root , it has to request the su binary to do it instead . su will then ask the app that manages these permissions ( e . g . , supersu ) whether the app is allowed to gain root access . if it is not , it'll prompt you to allow or deny it . then the action is carried out as root , not as the app user . these actions are not an integral part of the app but rather an external executable . while theoretically it is possible to add this to an app , this would be a non-trivial process requiring knowledge of writing smali code , which is the internal format of the dalvik virtual machine ( the part of the system that runs the apk file ) called smali . and even then , there would be a huge security risk if the app allows other apps to access it : it would not know how to keep the privileged root access separate from its normal access . so in reality this is not really feasible .
similar problems have happened with the stock email app on my galaxy s . the app is super buggy and i recommend finding another app till it is improved .
i absolutely hate this issue ( sorry for caps but i have been dealing with it for a while ) . i do not have a fix but i do have work around : hit the show pictures button at the top of the message and let all images render before deleting . i wish i had a permanent fix for you . i wonder if this happens on other phones and not just the moto droid ?
on my motorola droid , i was able to set up hotmail as an exchange active sync account . i followed the settings in http://windowsteamblog.com/windows_live/b/windowslive/archive/2010/08/30/hotmail-now-supports-push-email-calendar-and-contacts-with-exchange-activesync.aspx and everything worked fine . now that i access hotmail through activesync , my email sync works great and deletes work too .
you need to use odin to flash to a non-branded firmware . . . but . . . the s4 value does not have an unbranded firmware available . go here and pick what country you live in , and flash that firmware via odin : http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/1/?model=gt-i9515 this will break kies updates , but other than that , you will be golden !
it can be done by selecting the desired repetition from the combo box . here some screenshots : jorte changelog does not have entry that describe the recurring events addition so i suppose this feature coule be there since first releases .
in the event creation dialog box i have a " repetition " drop-down box with all of those options . this is using jorte 1.2.31
normally , the mediascanner should pick them up from any place , add them to the library , and your player should find them . that works smoothly and immediately if you use the means the designers had in mind ( connect your device via mtp , transfer the files , disconnect – the mediascanner will start immediately ) . but as you use a different way ( we are bad doing so – i am doing it as well ; ) , mediascanner is not triggered immediately . so you either have to wait until it decides to run – or trigger it manually : it runs on every device boot , so a reboot triggers it it runs whenever the sdcard is mounted . so if your device has an external sdcard , going to settings → storage , and un-mounting plus re-mounting the card will trigger it as both above solutions are not really satisfying : there are several apps on play which let you trigger it manually , by just tapping their shortcut . one candidate still working with kitkat is sd scanner . see also my answers here and here . alternatively , you could try a music player that does not rely on the mediascanner . one example for those would be the gonemad music player : here you can define yourself which directories you want scanned , and can trigger a scan yourself from inside the app whenever needed . those rescans are blazingly fast , as they only scan directories you have defined – instead of checking everywhere on the device .
it is the issue with the micro usb on the phone . best you get it checked at a authorized service center . for a temporary fix : take a sharp pin and put it under the micro usb port and twist the usb port towards the screen . that should be a quick fix .
clean lint out of usb port with a safety pin , be careful with connector inside . . . lint from pocket is issue
replace your lockscreen with widgetlocket lockscreen . add hotspot toggle widget on widgetlocker lockscreen . you can find many such toggle widgets in play store . personally , i use widgetsoid ( it has lots of toggles ) . hotspot toggle is great if you are interested in only hotspot toggle . technically , i am the winner because its a 1-step solution . all you need is to tap the hotspot toggle widget on lockscreen . you do not need to even unlock . : )
this is one of the many things you can toggle with widgetsoid . you can either put a widget on one of your home screens or place the toggle in your notification tray .
do not bother with these 3rd party apps . go to " widgets " in your app drawer . long-press the " settings " icon and drag it to your main home screen and the shortcut settings menu for all your settings automatically appears .
there is an app on the android market called " tethering " , which requires no permissions to run , which provides a shortcut to the " tethering and portable hotspot " configuration screen . you can put this app on your home screen and that reduces your steps to : 1 ) unlock 2 ) tap the tethering icon on your home screen 3 ) slide portable hotspot on link i use it daily .
i can only recommend cyanogenmod , or , if you want to keep your rom : hotspot widget . cyanogenmod allows you to create a hotspot quick setting tile . the widget is placed on your home screen and if you want to enable/disable the hotspot tap it .
having an sgs2 myself , i just checked *#0*# and all 3 axis values change . so you definitely seem to have a problem here , either in software or hardware , and since you have already tried to search for solutions online and could not find anything which works , perhaps it is best to contact samsung directly for help .
for your sms : check if the notifications in " messaging " is turned off . maybe you , someone or an app turned it off ( untrusted app ) . turn on the app and make sure the " show notifications " is checked . go to : settings -> more -> application manager -> all -> messaging you can do the same process for emails and voice messages . now , make sure all the services are on for emails and voice messages . go to : settings -> more -> application manager -> turned off check if any emails or voice services are off . if these are off ( you prob have rooted your phone ) then you should be able to turn them back on . you might need to reboot for these .
sorry but i have to ask , did you restarted your phone and checked if that fixes the problem , if so then go to system settings-> notifications and check there if everything is set there .
if you have got adb ready ( see : adb and its tag-wiki for details ) , there are multiple ways to achieve it . my examples assume you have got the .apk file on your computer , and are operating from the very same directory it resides in . further , let 's call the file foobar.apk: if the latter still fails , you might have to say " goodbye " to your data , and run uninstall without the -k ( "keep data" ) option . you could also try backing up data first , and restore it after a successful install ( adb backup -f foobar.ab -noapk com.foobar and later adb restore foobar.ab ) .
you can not " downgrade " an installed app to an older version . first you need to uninstall the app from your device , and only after that can you install the older version from the apk .
check if any application you installed creates this folder . for example , " easy battery saver " app creates its own image and video folders when you open it . i suspect , there is some application , which when you access , creates this folder .
you might want to try with hacker 's keyboard . they offer " compose key " functionality , which can be used for non-breaking space and more : hacker 's keyboard ( click image for larger variant ) see the " circle key " to the right of the space bar ? if you long-press it , according to the faq , this activates " compose key mode " . they seem to follow the " standard rules " here , so "2x space " should give you a non-breaking space . a list of supported compose sequences can be found in the code .
what timezone are you in ? it sounds like when you back them up , it is saving them in a different timezone ( maybe utc ) . to answer your other questions : yes , sqlite is used for the messages /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db same way as sms messages : /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db you can use adb from the android sdk and copy it to your pc by doing : c:/android-sdk/tools/&gt; adb pull /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db c:/users/my-account/desktop/mmssms.db yes , you will have to root your phone to get access to that directory . maybe check out sms backup + in the android market . it will backup your sms messages ( does not do mms yet ) to your gmail account and put them in an sms label . it will also restore them too .
i recommend using ota rootkeeper . from the app description : this application makes a backup or a protected backup of your device 's root . this device must already be rooted : ota rootkeeper does not have the ability to root devices . it allows you to temporary un-root your phone for ota updates and then restore back root . before installing please check this xda thread .
your issue ain't related with browser app , it is a network configuration regarding the proxy settings . as you can read from your phone 's user manual on page 63: proxy settings are used by browser but may not be used by other apps . since you have mentioned that only " browser " gets affected , and that all of them work fine under 3g , this leaves us with an wifi settings issue : touch the " settings " icon ; touch " wireless and networks " > " wi-fi" ; touch and hold your network in the list of wi-fi networks ; touch " modify network " in the dialog that opens ; select " show advanced option" ; touch " none " under proxy settings , then touch " manual " in the menu that opens . clear the proxy box , make sure nothing stays there . touch save . open the browser and give it a try . you should now be able to navigate without problems either with http and https .
you can search your contacts easily by " typing letters " . the dialer instantly interprets the input phone number also as text input ( just like t9 does ) and shows contacts that match below the actual number . for example if you want to dial smith you should dial 76484 . no need to press 4 three times to get " i " .
i would assume it is because there are still phone numbers that are distributed with convenience letters ( e . g . " phonewords" ) in them , and there are probably still automated call answering programs that use them . the letters on the numpad far predate t9 . for the us specifically , wikipedia also has an article that explains the history of telephone numbers and the various ways that letters have been used over time ( it was different in other countries , but i can not find a detailed article for that at the moment ) .
can you still boot normally ? if yes , you can just go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; Reset &gt; Factory data reset .
flashing cwm recovery directly from your micromax funbook . this method is for those who do not want to use a computer to flash cwm recovery or do not have access to a computer to do the same . give me credits only for the method . not for the app and the recovery image . things required:- data connection on your tablet . ( via wifi ) an archieve supported file manager . eg es file explorer . a usable and working mind . steps:- download the file from the link below . extract the file to the root of your " internal sd card " and you will get 2 file first " novotools_v1.0" and the second " recovery . img " . install the app novotools_v1.0 . run novotools and you will see and option flash recovery click it and the recovey will be flashed onto your phone . reboot in recovery with the help of the application or the old method by holding the home/options and the power button . now you have fully functional cwm recovery . download quote : quote : http://www.mediafire.com/?6wn2dow0lz9qoot using this custom cwm , you can scroll in the funbook recovery mode using the menu button alone .
using adb , i believe it is possible : for example we have android program with manifest as under : to run the code issue command like this ( in one line ) : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.app1.android.xtract/com.app1.android.xtract.Contact 
business calendar pro ( and maybe even the free version ) can move events from one calendar to another , even if they are on different accounts . i got business calendar pro when i was still using the samsung touchwiz ui because i did not like their calendar application . now that i am on a vanilla android , i still use business calendar pro . the agenda widget is nice and the ui and functionality exceeds the stock calendar app .
from looking at some posts on android forums ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) i think it is just not possible - to get more windows/tabs you will need to use another browser like dolphin hd/mini . edit : looks from this post on xda that it is hard-coded into the browser ; it can be changed , but not easily .
i use rockplayer and it has a button right on the display to toggle aspect ratios and zoom levels--very convenient .
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
the last three are gps receiver , data sync and screen brightness . as seen here . and it looks like the extended controls app gives you even more control ( android police article ) and here it is on appbrain .
no , mobile broadband is called such specifically to distinguish it from a cell phone data plan . you might be able to trick them by claiming your phone is one of the tablets they support , but only if you can get all its info ( imei etc . ) beforehand and they accept it , rather than requiring you to bring in the device . however i believe they are able to detect this sort of trickery on a network level , even if you are not an existing customer and they know that your device is a phone . i would not expect it to work for long . i did a similar thing on t-mobile and my service was cut after 2 days .
i have had that problem intermittently . i started using setdns back when the market would crawl on wifi , but now i find that simply switching my dns servers when the web gets laggy usually fixes the problem .
answering my own question as found the solution . we can edit build . prop from mobile . i downloaded es file explorer which is free . then from optin set " root explorer " and set " mount system as read/write " now edit build . prop and save it using es file explorer 's editor then uncheck " root explorer " and " mount system as read/write " for safety . . hope it wil help someone : )
root explorer will not solve your problem any more than adb , although it is a great app . first , i would try making sure you remount /system as read-only after you push the modified file . if that does not work i would assume your bootloader is checking the file and replacing it when it does not match what it should be . to help you further , i think we need to know what phone you have ; please add that to the question . your version of android , name of your rom if it is custom , etc . will also be useful .
if you have root , it is possible , but not really recommended . if you do not have root , then you cannot . the file system is designed to be readonly and you can not add additional files to the system .
i will answer my own question - i do not think there is such an email client yet that provides the facility to choose which internet connection ( s ) is/are used with each account . thanks for the droidwall mention @foleyisgood , but i would prefer not to have to root my device for risks of malware , also because i use some backing apps which will not run on rooted devices .
if you have root access then you could use droidwall to give different apps , including email clients , access to wifi and or mobile data . this would require you to use a different client for each account and would not automatically differentiate between wifi at work or at home . :o/ ( it is a pretty rough work around but the best i could think of . . . )
edit : you can re-add the same phone by going to https://www.google.com/accounts/smsauthconfig and hitting the edit link beside " android " ( the mobile application field ) . oddly enough , this link did not work for me in chrome but it did in internet explorer .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
in your devices settings ( under settings &rarr ; wifi or settings &rarr ; wireless and networks &rarr ; wifi , depending on your android version / rom ) you should find a check-box to enable notifications for " open networks " . if you enable that ( and , of course , have wifi enabled ) , android will always scan for networks in the background ( which it does anyway with wifi enabled ) and display a notification in the notification-bar to inform you whenever an " open network " was detected . this does not automatically connect you to that network , for security reasons . otherwise hackers would have an easy job to lurk you into their honey-pot , hack your device , and leave you - virtually - " naked " . it is not a really good idea to simply connect to any open network around . many background connections are not secured , or at least not well secured , so it would be easy to sniff your passwords or personal data transmitted ( same for your " manual connections " via e.g. the browser ) . so pick your " open networks " carefully . however : once you manually connected a network , android will remember that -- and connect you automatically the next time it is in reach . until you go and remove its configuration manually from the settings . there are also apps available on the playstore helping you in this context . while android 's default scanner shows networks using a " captive login " as open as others not using it , they even differentiate . a good example for those is e.g. wefi pro ( at least it did show these differences in the past -- it is some time ago when i used it last ) .
there are several types of youtube links . so as long as the types differ the intent chooser will popup asking to choose the default . i suggest just keep ticking the " use as default " check box and select youtube application .
you can use the ' lasso ' option for that . it works real cool .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
adding to queue means there should be something playing first before the queue is created . try playing one song then add another music to the queue . do not pick another song , just wait for the current song to finish . the next song will be the song you placed in the queue .
from the home screen , click the " all apps " button , then there is an app called downloads . by default , downloads are sorted most-recent-first , so the one you have just downloaded will be at the top . if even that method is one step too many , you can long-tap on the downloads icon in the apps menu , then drop it on the home screen to create a shortcut to that app . now you can open it from the home screen directly . additionally , if the wrong app opens a certain kind of file , you can stop that and go back to having a chooser to pick which app to open files with . open the settings app , then go to apps ( on some phones it is called applications manager ) . choose the offending app from the list : if it is a built-in app , you will need to swipe to to the all page . scroll down and click clear defaults . next time you open a file that would open with that app , you will get the chooser instead ( assuming you have another app installed that can open that kind of file ) .
movieplayer and mvideoplayer both support sub/idx subtitles .
the install button is greyed out if you have no compatible device linked to your google account .
htc desire hd android 2.3.5 i had exactly the same problem , would plug in standard headphones/ earphones/ aux cable to speakers . . . all of these would register on the phone as earphones with a mic built in for some reason . it would cut music tracks short and play the next one or start ringing a call . strangely , as i was searching for this thread , the problem has self corrected . all that is different is that i updated all of my apps on google app store today . this is the only factor that i have changed . try this ! i hope it works out for you as well as i know how frustrating it was ! best wishes
i have this same issue with my htc desire . my hypothesis is that my headphones or jack have a slight short and is activating the voice commands via the input channel . i am trying to see if there is a way to turn off voice commands on the headphone jack itself or all together without turning off the input channel so i can still use a headphone with a mic for phone calls .
i had the same issue on my evo 3d , i downloaded an app called headset blocker that disabled the phones headset remote abilities . this solved the problem immediately .
download headset blocker . worked fine on my desire hd .
try batteryminder . in the features section it claims to allow for " low/full battery alerts " hope this helps
also , some devices show up as mass storage devices , only when usb debugging option is turned off . see if that helps .
it turns out that the issue was that location reporting was enabled . disabling this misfeature increased my battery life almost three-fold , stopped the notification popups ( which i have since learned are called toasts ) , and now the spooks will have only a slightly harder time to find out where i have been .
install a wake lock detector and see which app is waking up your phone .
you might be able to prepare ( see below ) your phone for google wallet by modifying the following parts in feature . xml : replace with remove &lt;CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;eSE&lt;/CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;  add note , however , that this will only prepare the nfc service of your device to be able to interact with google wallet . there are still some more problems : google wallet will still try to detect your mobile network operator and will typically refuse to work if you use a verizon sim card . ( possibly even your phone 's verizon-specific model number might be enough for gw to refuse to work . ) same applies for getting gw through play store . i am not sure that google has the keys for access to the embedded secure element on any of the isis branded versions of the s4 . if google does not have them , it is impossible for google wallet to install any of the on-card components of google wallet into the secure element . thus , a secure element based google wallet would not work .
please update to the latest podcast addict v2.3 . you can subscribe to itunes podcasts ( just copy/paste or press on this url ) and you can also browse itunes database , so this podcast will now shows up ; )
i think it is due to u have use wrong rooting file . did you tried other rooting file as well ? what i tried is i9100zslsj android 4.1.2 jelly bean galaxy s2 i9100 if you want to download it . here is the link
you might want to check the temperature of your phone when this happens . touch the phone to feel whether there is any abnormal heat . waze is a battery intensive application because it uses the gps , radio , screen , and gpu , it is normal that the phone would warm up a little when running resource intensive apps but it should not be too hot to the touch . you would also want to put the phone away from the car 's heater on winter , and shade it from direct sun light and turn on the air conditioner when it is summer . it is probably not the car charger , but not charging while using waze may also help a little because charging causes the battery to warm up . this may not be practical though , since waze uses lots of battery while running . if there is an option in waze to turn the screen off on long roads , then use that , the screen is also a major producer of heat .
your battery may be defective due to overheat . you may be charging the battery when it is not necessary ( possibly full ) . i have another phone which has this problem . i changed the battery , and that solved the problem . so , try to change your battery .
your charger is fine . only your phone is running hot due to heavy usage . your phone has a few components that dissipate heat if heavily used : the processor when used heavily by an app ( yours has 2 cores ) the graphics chip when your app uses opengl ( also for screen composition ) the display when lit ( depending on the brightness ) the battery itself ( when charged or discharged heavily ) the modem also needs rather much power for 3g/4g/lte data transfers if this all above leads to a high battery temperature a safety mechanism kicks in for security reasons ( liion battery technology needs this supervision , you may have heard of burning or exploding consumer tech ) reasons : it is mostly a mix of all things above . maybe it is also a bad programmed app ( requires too much computation , keeps cpu awake , etc . ) . what you can do : lower screen brightness underclock your cpu via setcpu is force gpu rendering in the developer settings enabled ? if so , disable . try another app or file a bug report for waze ( maybe ) does the app work also when the screen is off ( i am not sure what it does , maybe it has speech output that does not require you to look at the screen ) maybe it is due to your model ( i heard the i9100g generates more heat ) switch to 2g only in the mobile networks settings : settings-> wireless and networks-> more-> mobile networks-> use only 2g networks ( saves battery )
factory resets do not normally affect the external sd card , e.g. , /sdcard/external_sd . some devices will wipe everything else under /sdcard ( like the asus transformer ) while others will not ( like the samsung galaxy s ) . so it depends on your device and which " sd card " you are referring to , and also the filesystem layout &mdash ; some devices will mount internal/external sd storage in different places than what i mentioned above .
try http proxy settings .
i thought that root was required to do this . that is not quite right . any user can see that directory , but only root can write to it . directories lower down the hierarchy such as /data/data are not world-readable , so while you will be able to see that that directory exists , you will not be able to see its contents on an unrooted device . some file managers choose not to offer the option to display system directories like the root directory unless the device is rooted , simply because it is not very useful to do so when you can not see the contents of some of its subdirectories or change it .
google voice allows you to record different greetings and switch between them or assign them to different callers , unfortunately the app does not handle these things so you have to manage those settings on the web (voice.google.com). there is an app called visual voicemail ( not to be confused with your carriers visual voicemail app ) , that works with phone fusion 's fusion voicemail plus service which replaces your carrier 's voicemail like google voice does and claims to allow you to change and schedule different voicemail greetings from their app .
click on the download notification showing the progress and it will take you to downloads app . there in app you can cancel the download .
that is a really silly thing to do . android will automatically kill background processes to make more ram available when necessary . most of the time it leaves background processes in ram ( but not running ) to allow those apps to start up quicker next time , and to use less power ( because it does not have to keep reloading the app into ram ) . see the answers to this question for more info .
this is happening due to android trying to keep same aspect ratio of wallpaper when your device is switching between portrait and landscape modes . what is the size of the wallpaper ? for it to fit perfectly , it must be 3966x2560 .
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
some are drm protected , others are not . one way i am aware of to find out the ones that are drm , is when you try to download the file for offline reading : if the extension is .acsm then its a drm protected book . if the extension ends in .epub or .pdf then its not drm . protected . related reading : file types for reading on your device drm options for downloads of books on google play related to exporting the ebook to a certain format or have it restricted to be read on google play , the above first link answers your doubt , where they stat that you can read or download to read your ebook on other devices or applications .
to expand on @rossc 's comment , doing this yourself is quite easy if you are confident and comfortable with device disassembly , and have the correct tools . there are tutorials on how to safely and correctly replace this : ifixit : https://www.ifixit.com/guide/motorola+moto+x+battery+replacement/16974 etradesupply video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd3azsxhof8 from experience , i strongly suggest you watch the entire video and/or read the whole article before ever even starting . that way no surprises creep up on you , and you already have an idea as to everything you will need to do . tools can be found widely online and may be worth the investment ( $2 kit on amazon , $1.35 kit on ebay ) . note that this might void any warranty you have from motorola or your device 's distributor . you could check with them first and see if the repairs might be covered for free or a fee . motorola can always help but may cost you more money ( if you are at fault for the damage ) or can take a while to complete due to shipping , service backlog , etc .
you can also run apex launcher from the app drawer of your default " stock " launcher . navigate to apex settings > advanced > set default launcher which will do the same thing - clear the default action and display the popup menu allowing you to choose from the launcher apps currently installed on your device .
go to settings > apps > click on the " all " tab then find your current launcher ( the one that is default now ) in the list . in the app info page you should have the option to " clear defaults " . click this and the next time you hit the home button you will have the option to select a different launcher .
sorry , but in you phone there not sd card , and internal flash blocks can be rewritten , when phone works ( physical location of blocks are different from logical and phone record logs , change internal data , download updates ) . it is available chance with destructive methods ( read flash on programmer device ) , and much smaller with root you phone ( read whole memory ) , because any change of phone state decrease chances .
you should not need to uninstall anything . you just need to clear the default . go into your settings and the app manager . find the default video player . ( you will probably have to change your view from " downloaded " to " all " in order to find it . i expect it is called " video " or similar . ) in the settings for the app should be a button labeled " clear defaults " . tap that and remove the existing default settings for the app . now when you go back into opera and click a link it should prompt you again . be careful about that " make it the default " button .
trying uninstalling the opera browser :  Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications  and then reinstalling it . alternatively download a new web browser ( e . g . , dolphin ) and once that is installed , launch your video and it should give you the option of selecting opera as your default .
i tried with a different usb cable and it is working stable now . unfortunately moto g does not come with usb cable as part of the accessories and hence we have to rely on the usb cables available in the outside market . currently i am using sony xperia 's usb cable which is working like a charm on my moto g for usb debugging . it is been couple of hours and the usb debugging is still on and going great : ) let me observe the same for another day before i conclude the issue . and another suggestion i received is - do not work on windows for android development but stick with linux as windows drivers are buggy in most of the times . i appreciate the suggestion as of now and may look at this option as well in the near future to switch to linux for android development .
in many apps i can long-press the menu button to bring up the keyboard .
if you are running android 4.0 , you can adjust the softkey buttons at the bottom of the screen to re-add missing buttons such as search : how can i add a search button to my dock on a galaxy nexus ? for lower than android 4.0 . . . . there is the softkeys app . note : all of the above require root
the sensation xe ( which is externally identical to my sensation barring colour ) does have a hardware search button , located immediately below the touchscreen , furthest to the right : i have not noticed a setting on android 4.0 to allow you to customise the behaviour of the button , however . the default behaviour is to launch the voice search app .
my best guess is that this behaviour is not configurable and maybe solely htc 's fault ( you most problably had a look at every option of your browser already before asking here ) . some options that come to mind : you might want to try a different browser than the evo 's default ( dolphin , opera , firefox ) root , unlock and install cyanogenmod or something different ( alas , not an option for many due to difficulty , risk and warranty problems )
i solved this by following the feedback from this phandroid post i used the next higher kernel that is LPD and it worked ! . LPH kernel as suggested by another answerer , did not work . the original solution : hi , i had the same problem which stumped me as well . i found the answer on a different thread ; just use the kernel that is the ' next one up ' , which in this case is lpd . works perfectly . adding it here just in case someone else comes looking .
i used the itunes option to convert the id3 tags to v2.2 and it fixed my issue .
a mini-sim is the same thing as a standard sim nowadays . the term was coined back in the day when sim cards were the size of a credit card . thus , the current-day regular sim was known as mini-sim . micro-sim is the next step ( used in newer smartphones , examples from gsmarena ) and then there is the nano-sim ( used only in iphone 5 , ipad mini and asus padfone infinity , as far as i know ) . see gsm sim card evolution for graphical representation .
there is an app named user management for what you are asking . but , the app requires root access to work . so , your device needs to be rooted ( which voids warranty ) .
here http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/02/22/download-latest-google-play-store-3-10-14/ you will find download links to the play store in this site
you might want to take a look at sms backup and restore apps on the playstore . an example app would be sms backup and restore , which allows you to backup the sms from your device and restore it later . as it backs up to xml , you could backup on your old device , transfer the backup xml file to the new device , and restore it there . as the screenshots show , this should be easy to do : from the settings , you define where to store your backups on the sd card , so you know where to find them . after having done the backup on your old device , connect it to your pc and copy that folder to your pc . then connect the new device , copy the folder to it , disconnect the device , and run the app to restore the backup . et voila : your messages are transfered . side effect : keep the app , and have it creating backups from time to time . so in case you need to factory reset your device one day , that is one piece of data you already took care for not to lose ; ) note : that is just one of the many possibilities . depending on the os running on your pc , it probably could be done with myphoneexplorer as well ( so you have some more features ) when running windows . but there are also a lot more suitable apps on the playstore -- simply search it for sms backup . if the " old phone " is not running android , it gets a bit more difficult -- but not impossible , it seems . the playstore also lists some migration tools like e.g. the spb migration tool , which promises : spb migration tool provides phone data migration to android from windows mobile and symbian platforms and comes with a complete solution , which allows copying the call history , text messages , contacts and bookmarks . with ~7 eur it is quite a bit expensive compared to others . if you only care about your sms , sms migrator might offer an alternative : about 2,50 eur , but ratings look a bit mixed . so for messages only , i rather recommend to take a look at phone copier : it provides a complete phonebook and messages copy from almost any phone to your android or from android to any other phone . you find a demo video on the playstore page of the app . hm , if i remember correctly , this tool was even written by an android enthusiast -- i wonder if he missed this question ; )
without finding a way of doing this i ended up bluetoothing all the contacts from the old handset across ( a samsung b2100 ) . would be nice to find more information about this buggy/broken feature on the s3 .
you can try pressing the power button and the home button at the same time .
no - there is no way to get screenshot functionality on your phone without rooting it . if you want to carry around a laptop with you just so you can take a screengrab whenever you want , you can install the jdk and hook it up via usb . but if you want an experience comparable to the iphone process ( on device screenshotting ) , then you will have to root . as to why this is disabled by default , i have not found a good answer to that .
this functionality is available with the developer toolkit . the post is a bit old so newer versions of android will have different icons and slightly different menus , but it walks you through getting the tools installed and then being able to capture screen-shots . also the tutorial is for windows , but it should work with any os that you get the android dev tools running on ( windows , mac os x , and linux ) . how to take screenshots of your android based phone from windows
you can hide the top bar if you use a different launcher like @customizer stated , but it will only hide it when you are on the home screen . when you open apps , if they are not full screen apps , the top bar will still be present . this is part of " core " android , and it is not something that can be changed , currently , via a setting or 3rd party application .
it is usually not possible with the default home screen . this is possible with alternative home replacement like go launcher ex , launcherpro , adw launcher , etc . some of these allow hiding of the top notification bar in their respective settings with specific swipe actions .
you have to close all applications , that are accessing the file WifiAnalyzer_Alias.txt . i had to close " es file explorer " and " wifi analyzer " itself . after restarting wifi analyzer i could import the file without problem .
the securedownload.bin file is from your email app trying to download/save an attachment . the app creates this file ( no matter what the actual name of your attachment is ) whenever you try to view or save the attachment . the FlashPlayer installer may have been automatically downloaded by your browser when you tried to view flash content . in either case , these files should be perfectly safe to delete from your downloads , since no apps are supposed to store critical files there . ( if an app places critical files in the downloads directory , the app does not deserve to be used ! )
create new google account . transfer existing play store purchases from your personal account to this new account . you need to contact google support/billing for that . its not just theory . . i have seen such transfer . use this new google account on multiple devices of family .
any music you have purchased can be downloaded as mp3 files . once downloaded , it can be uploaded to the google music service in another account . my wife and i do this with cds we have purchased and ripped to mp3 . ianal , but since you are speaking of your wife , your property is shared and your music is owned by both of you . this , however , does not work for the " all access " features google music . if i understand the terms correctly , that account cannot be shared .
you cannot separate the gmail from the playstore . you can let others use your google account to play music or download apps but they would also have access to gmail .
well , i will answer to help anyone else . i still cannot get to recovery with only the device , but i was able to reboot into recovery and successfully root the device by using " adb reboot recovery " from the command line on my pc while the galaxy tab was attached to usb .
as i mentioned in the comments the twitter app does not seen to have an in-app browser so i am using the reddit is fun app instead since i know it does . i think that all in-app browsing uses a webview so it should be the same across all apps . the webview and chrome both use the webkit engine but chrome seems to use a more up-to-date one . i tried out sunspider on a few different devices and on the s2 with the browser . nexus 7 Running Android 4.2.2, Chrome 26.0.1410.58 Chrome: 1747ms (WebKit 537.31) In-app: 1720ms (WebKit 534.30)  nexus s Running Android 4.1.2, Chrome 18.0.1025.166, Chrome: 3443.7ms (WebKit 535.19) In-app: 4307.1ms (WebKit 534.30)  samgsung galaxy s2 Running Android 4.1.1 Resurrection Remix v3.8 ROM. Browser: 1488.8ms (WebKit 534.30) In-app: 1614.2ms (WebKit 534.30)  i ran the tests twice as i was suprised at the speed of the galaxy s2 compared to the nexus 7 but got roughly the same figures .
two ideas : resetting your current launcher : note that all your personalization concerning your homescreens will be deleted this way . i assume something got messed up in its configuration , so by resetting its cache/data we make it a " virgin " again for a fresh start . go to settings→apps select the " all " tab look for your laucher ( homescreen ) app open its entry , and push the buttons to " clear cache " and " delete data " install an alternative launcher : if you are hesistant to " virginize " your pre-configured launcher , you might want to try an alternative launcher first . simply pick any from the playstore , good choices include apex launcher and nova launcher . see if your problem exists with them as well . if you do not like any of those , you can simply remove them and automatically have back your " old one " . my guess is , going with the second variant you will forget about your current launcher , while at the same time your problem has disappeared .
i had the same problem and i solve it by simply moving the application ( that lost its icon ) from the sd card to the main memory .
i believe you are talking about the notification drawer , and the top row of icons that toggle functionality like wifi , gps etc . there appears to be no way to customize what appears in the top row when you are on samsung 's stock software/rom . you will have to switch to a rom like cm9 for that .
open google maps and search for the area you want to cache ( or just zoom in on it ) . tap the search bar . type " okay maps " ( some people report success with just " ok maps" ) in the search bar . tap the search icon you will be dropped back at the maps view , and you will see a notification that the area was copied to your clipboard or otherwise cached . now , even offline you will still be able to zoom down to the same level you were at on that map area .
you might want to take a look at little helpers like e.g. mapson free : offline map : offline gps travel maps . cache maps to sd card and use them when traveling without network coverage . this one fills gmaps ' map cache ( at least it did before it was renamed ; the current screenshots confuse me a little concerning whether that was changed , but it is certainly worth a try with the free version ; if that works out , you can still decide whether to " go pro" ) .
the best free offline ( google ) maps is ( rmaps ) . first , you will need to download mobile atlas creator version 1.8 , which allows you to download google maps of anywhere and any size , on your pc . unlimited . note : select map source ( google maps ) . zoom level ( 17 is good for cities ) . atlas settings ( format : rmaps sqlite ) . then create it . then , insall ( rmaps ) on phone . copy-paste the saved maps to phone memory &gt; rmaps &gt; maps . then , open rmaps &gt; settings &gt; user defined maps &gt; select the maps . it works great . i have all europe ( google maps ) saved on my phone . enjoy !
update : apparently there was enough of a hue and cry about it that they have added a button , although " ok maps " will still work . not the same as the old offline maps , but better than nothing i suppose . having come under fire for ( mostly ) removing the option to save offline maps in its new android app , google has pushed a new update that makes it easier for users to save local areas to their device . in a post on google+ , the company notes that its " engineering team has been working around the clock " to add a " make this map area available offline " card inside the app , mimicking the functionality of the ' ok maps " command . ( source : the verge ) at least i am not the only one who regrets the removal of this feature . the other problem with the redesign is that google ( mostly ) removed the option to save offline maps — a feature that was only a year old to begin with . power users still have a way to cache maps locally , however . daniel graf , director for google maps , tells us that the company 's engineers were just as unhappy with the loss of the feature as we were , so they built an easter egg . when you type in " ok maps " ( or " okay maps " ) into the search box , it will save a cached version of the visible map area locally . it is not as convenient or manageable as proper offline maps , but at least it is an option — assuming you remember it is there . ( source : the verge )
what kind of security are you using on your phone ? if you are using swipe to unlock ( no pin ) you should be able to see the shortcuts . if you have some other sort of security , the lockscreen changes for android 4.3 and touchwiz integration have made some of these features disappear . there is a pretty good discussion about it here .
go to settings> my device> lock screen> screen lock select swipe turn " shortcuts " on click the word " shortcuts " and your lock screen shortcuts will appear ; edit as you desire . change your screen lock back to your desired security setting and the new shortcuts will stay in place . i just got my s3 and apparently android 4.3 does not allow access to shortcuts when phone is locked ( makes sense i guess , why lock something but allow access to parts of it ? ) , but you can change the " secured lock time " which will give you time to use those chosen apps from the lock screen .
touch apps> widgets> locate settings and touch and hold to move it to phone screen then select lock screen . you will now see all options to make changes to your lock screen
reboot your phone to recovery . use adb to pull ( read as copy ) the build . prop from rom/device adb pull /system/build . prop c:\ edit it back the way that it was . once edited save as normal use adb to push ( read as paste ) the build . prop to rom/device adb remount . . . . . then adb push c:\build . prop /system/ reboot adb reboot or adb shell reboot
my phone is working now . i have followed steps to bring my phone up : ( 1 ) removed battery from phone for 30-40 minutes . ( 2 ) insert battery to slot and press power-on button , that is it . " now , i do not bother about root cause "
yes , you need root : the only way i have personally seen to accomplish this without root is to basically have some sort of proxy server-esque application on your computer that communicates with an app on your phone using adb 's port forwarding . it is not especially reliable from what i have tested out ( we were looking for a solution like this for a client at work ) , but you can give it a shot . you can take a look at this app/thread on xda , or this codeproject page for a start , although i am not sure that either of them provides truly transparent internet passthrough .
a raw native process can be created by any of the usual unix-like mechanisms . an android activity or service is usually forked off by zygote ( in response to an intent ) , but i think there is an obscure way to start a vm by hand using app_process .
" dialer codes " are divided into multiple categories : ussd and supplementary service codes : network specific , should work on any device ( "device independent" ) manufacturer specific codes : specific to devices of a given manufacturer device-specific codes : as the name says , specific to a given device system-specific codes : specific to a given device configuration what you are facing , most likely belongs to one of the last two categories . the galaxy phones come in different variants : area-specific ones , and international versions . so those can be counted as different devices , or at least different systems , as they not only have slight differences in their hardware , but most likely also different modifications in their software ; hence at least not all " sytem-specific codes " will work on all the different " variants " .
you have your answer directly on the link : " only a few are working " .
you should not trust such a list of secret codes , as izzy mentionned . if you want to have a valid list of secret codes available on your device , you should use an automated secret codes crawler . i recently developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes . but keep in mind that sometimes , secret codes are just executing themselves silently ( without visual hint )
the superuser website explains it as such : ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) .
if you combine two apps , this is possible . of course , root is required on your device to backup app data , as you certainly know . now the first app you will need is titanium backup . this app not only creates a backup of all apps , app data , and even system data on your sd-card , contains several useful tools for maintenance , and can schedule its actions -- it also allows pushing the backups to dropbox . but yes , i read you did not target the cloud , so here comes number two : foldersync can sync your files/directories ( and thus also your backup folder on the sd card ) with several cloud services as well as with your own servers , using e.g. ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or samba ( windows share ) for the latter . while there is no real alternative to titanium backup , there are some to foldersync : titanium media sync from the same author as titanium backup supports dropbox plus ftp , sftp , and ftps . and ftpsyncx supports ftp , ftps ( ssl ) , sftp ( ssh ) , samba , and dropbox . i use the pro version of the latter , and so i can tell you first-hand it works nice via wifi -- you can even tell it to only sync when connected to your home wifi , and run in certain intervals . i almost forgot there is a tool that could serve both purposes , backup and sync in one : rsync backup for android . but it may be a little more complicated to setup , and it requires ssh on the remote side -- not a realy show-stopper if your pc runs linux : )
your phone is basically waiting for input from you , not really doing anything under the hood , on the " unlock bootloader " screen . it should be safe to simply pull the battery and then reboot the phone normally ( one corroborating source : google 's help forums ) .
the phone should always charge , no matter how empty the battery is . you imply that the empty battery is the reason why it would not charge , but i think that this is not true . it is more likely that you are dealing with a hardware issue here . but first make sure that you connect the charger for at least an hour to your phone , just to make sure that it is really not charging . even if there is no visual feedback of the charge process , there is still a chance that it does so . you could also try swapping the battery with the one from your brother , to see if the failure is the battery or with the phone .
they are only accessible from google play music . it stores them somewhere in the internal space of the app , not in the music library of the phone . there is no way to tell the app to move the file somewhere else at the moment , and no way that i am aware off to point other app to that specific folder . that is the main reason why i do not use google play music . i want to be in control of my music folder .
you can . try doubletwist music player . just so you know , this feature requires root . p.s. i do not know if this feature is still available , i have not used it for a while now .
it is maybe because you ave a google talk session opened : it is the same for me , for day , i have looking for what " ring " like that and do not display any informations . . .
also , if you have sms delivery receipts turned on - an alert is sounded when the recipient gets yr message .
i know it is typically frowned upon to answer your own question , but i have . this was a total pebkac . i use a different calendar app than the default , so i disabled the pre-installed samsung calendar in the application settings in order to stop it appearing in my application list . this is fine and does not affect anything , but i apparently got a little trigger happy and also quite stupidly disabled the calendar storage process . yeah , that'll mess up calendar sync something fierce .
there is a chinese file inside the folder and is app-specific , as suggested by @izzy .
i built on top of izzy 's comment having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent . it really means that every client -- i mean every -- such as mutt in server , evolution in desktop , k9 in android , online settings such as gmail-labels/filters , ios email more here , desktop settings such as here and here -- must have corresponding settings . if one part is missing , your imap mailbox will not work over multiple devices or it has limited capabilities . i gather below some errrors that i had to fix in order for imap work over multiple devices . walk-through 'You have sent a message in a trashed conversation...' -- fix this error in gmail , more here . it may be because of filters or wrong setups . gmail folders are called "Labels" , make sure you have cross in a visibility -button , more here . in mutt , make sure you have the record line correctly like this : set record=/home/users/hhh/mail/Sent in ipad , make sure this here again and make sure Settings &gt; Mail, Contacts, Calendars &gt; Your@Email.com &gt; Account &gt; Advanced &gt; Sent corresponds to your other settings -- not something like Sent Emails . in desktop , make sure your desktop client has right settings more here , here and here ( debian -biased questions ) . next time you may have the same problem with other folders such as Trash and Deleted Messages -- yes i know -- it is irritating that different email-clients use inconsistent terminology so you need to adjust every name and delete all extra folders/labels later . i hope you luck , my setup looks to work but i am still fighting with a minor issues such as removing extra directories in k9 , anyone knowing a solution to that ?
as with imap mails are stored centrally on the server , you can see all mails from all imap clients . you can automatically store sent mails to a " sent " folder ( instead of only send them and not storing them ) , which is configured on a per-client basis . i cannot tell for your desktop clients how to do this , but with k9 you can select the folder in menu &rarr ; more &rarr ; settings &rarr ; account settings &rarr ; folders &rarr ; folder for sent objects just in the folders menu , you will find some more special folders you can define ( e . g . for drafts ) . having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent .
i believe your question is trying to ask ' are there any laptop security devices out there that do not use a kensington lock slot ? ' the answer is , yes . to see a nice list of various types of locks that are available for notebooks and laptops , please see this website . i in no way endorse this seller , however they are one of the few sites that seem to have a nice listing of many kensington-alternative locking devices for laptops . i am merely using it for informative purposes .
i solved installing hackers keyboard of android market .
i solved this problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=upsoft.keyboard.qwertz.de qwertz keyboard with key ' z ' on the ' z'place and key ' y ' on the ' y ' place , but it is only for german and austria
i had this problem recently and was finally able to figure it out . . . your keyboard is set on quertz ( with a z ) . . . change it on your settings " keyboard and languages " to querty ( with a y ) . that will fix the problem . good luck ! ! !
i had the same issue , and solved it by doing this : open keyboard and click the settings icon click input language uncheck any languages you do not need this fixed the problem for me .
had the same problem . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> your keypad ( samsung keypad for me ) . force stop and then clear data . solved the issue for me .
are the y and z keys switched ? it sounds as if you have the wrong language set for your keyboard ( or your system , as it defaults to the systems language ) . some european keyboard layouts , possibly german , have a qwertz layout instead . settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings icon ) > input languages
i solved this problem here in the uk by changing language to english ( ireland ) keyboard was fine and the mic icon said en again too not de which it had changed itself to . after that i changed bk to uk and it was fine too . weird glitch .
firstly you’ll need a copy of the official google play store apk file to install on your device . you can download this on your pc and move it over to your handset or download it directly onto your handset , in which case it will appear in your download folder . either way is fine . you can download it from here . get latest version from it . you’ll need to enable the installation of external apk files before you can install the play store file . this is done by checking the “unknown sources” box in your devices settings , which will allow you to install apps from unvetted sources , in other words from outside of the play store . this option can usually be found under settings > security , but may also appear under settings > applications on certain devices . you can always uncheck the box again after installing the play store . you go to path where you store google play store apk adnd then tap on it to install it and you are done .
it stops for me as well , so i am lead to believe that it only stores so many in the database . looking at it , it seems to be limited to 20 pages ( it does not even get to ' c ' for me ) .
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
there are a lot of alarm clocks around , and b"h one of them should solve your issue . i am using alarmdroid , which in its " advanced settings " has an option saying " rings max 10 minutes " ( set by default ) , and just below a checkmark for " change to snooze-mode afterwards " ( also enabled by default ) -- so you could disable snooze mode , which would solve your issue ( as the alarm would automatically turn off after 10 minutes ) . though i would prefer to have snooze mode , plus an option to say " stop the alarm after xx if the user did not respond " -- some other app may have that , or it could be requested of the developer . the argument of " shomer shabbat " may be convincing for him ( as pointing to a group of interested customers which might chose his pro version for this feature ) . edit : while searching for something else , i just stumbled upon shabbos alarm . the name alone seems to answer your question , does not it ? it allows you to . . . [ . . . ] set multiple alarms , choose which ringtones you want to ring , and set how long the alarms will ring for . it works perfectly whether you call it shabbos alarm , shabbat alarm , shabbis alarm , or any other kind of alarm for that matter :- ) did not try it out ( yet ) , but thought you might be interested to hear about . . .
google support offers some online guides . at present , the devices listed under jelly bean are : xoom galaxy nexus nexus s nexus 4 nexus 7 nexus 10
here 's the nexus 7 user guide in pdf format . since it was the first device to launch with jelly bean and is not hampered by manufacturer/carrier customizations , it is as close to a pure jelly bean user guide as there is .
when you first activate an android phone , there is a short tutorial that walks you through the home screen , adding icons/widgets to the home screen , navigating the home screen , etc . on stock android , there is also a helpful widget on the homescreen . for many phones , there is a small booklet ( often called the manual ) in the box when you purchase the device . these booklets can also be found online , for example some popular android 4.0 devices : galaxy nexus user guide , or galaxy s3 , or htc incredible . you can find manuals for your device by browsing the manufacturer 's website or googling for " ( device name ) manual " or " ( device name ) user guide " . manufacturer websites also typically have a knowledge base , support center , etc . for instance , htc support center for desire x or samsung support for galaxy note . finally , there are also android stackexchange and other android-related forums which contain lots of helpful people willing to answer your questions . if you are still unclear on anything specific , ask away !
there is always the complete android guide , a pdf/ wiki /book created by long-time lifehacker editor kevin purdy .
if you are rooted , you could use an app such as mybackup root or titanum backup to backup opera mini , and then restore it on the new device . it is not possible if you are not rooted .
you could try and change it to a black wallpaper . there is a no wallpaper app on google play , which you install as a live wallpaper . it does not take a lot of resources .
install a pitch black wallpaper on your phone . search it in google play store and install the app . then you can go to your phone 's settings , device , screen , wallpapers , choose lock and home screen , then choose live wallpapers and you will be able to display the " no wallpaper app " . if you choose just the lockscreen , you wont see the application but you can only choose from the gallery . this is what i did on my note 2 .
i am using android 2.1 and the latest official facebook app . i go to the gallery and long-press on an image . in the menu , select share and in the list of apps displayed choose facebook . i immediately am taken to a text field where i can type in a caption . by default the images are sent to the mobile uploads folder/album , but you can create a new album and specify that as your desired upload location .
try using a task manager or a task killer app like advanced task killer .
if you are rooted your android then ' greenify ' is your answer ! it will help to hibernate all running services/apps/processes and free up resources .
long-press the home button . you should see something similar below . note : it is from a samsung galaxy s4 , but s3 should have it also . then , click the 3rd icon ( lower right ) . yes , it is safe . it will close all open apps . screenshot ( click image for lager variant ) update #1: just to clarify izzy 's comment , he is partially right . clicking the button will not close all running apps , but it will close all apps have you have manually opened . e.g. if you opened 3 different browsers , and clicked the button above , those 3 browsers would close . however , it will not close background processes / services that are running ( e . g . adblock , acalendar+ , etc )
from the linky the op has enclosed , the key part summed it up : tmpfs is supported by the linux kernel from version 2.4 and up . [ 3 ] tmpfs ( previously known as shmfs ) is based on the ramfs code used during bootup emphasis mine , that is what the ramdisk is about ! it enables the kernel to temporarily mount the root filesystem , and continue executing the necessary scripts upon start-up . same applies in this case of android , each and every boot.img that is flashed to the /boot partition , whether by odin , fastboot , kies , sony update software , heimdall , etc , contains the " ramfs code " , which has a directory structure containing , pertinent ones are included : /dev for device files /sbin for system binaries /sys for usage of interacting with the device files after /proc has mounted the boot-up script reads the ramfs directory structure and mounts it after successfully mounting the /system in the very early stage of boot . as in relation to the op 's keyword in the question : create an auto-growing . . . it does not auto-grow per se , rather , its limited by the ramfs structure , and amount of ram available , and more importantly , it disappears on reboot ! the confusion comes from inter-mixing " ramdisk " with " ramdrive " interchangeably , technically a ramdrive , is a swap space in the native swap partition , commonly found on desktop linux if you are thinking of the old dos era , where ramdrive was used , to simulate a disk drive resident in memory , and programs when copied over to that disk , and loaded faster not execute faster , rather than loading from the old mfm/rll disk-drives ( ever see dos directory listing scroll very slowly on those drives ? ) this , was also known as ramdisk as well ! ( to make matters worse , back then , different manufacturers produced ramdrive . sys or even ramdisk . sys ! ) in the case of viewpoint of the linux kernel , both desktop and android , ramdisk is tmpfs , but is not intended for normal users to store data/documents etc as that is exclusively for the usage by the kernel itself ! edit to note @nil 's comment below , you can mount it yes , but it comes with a cost , resources allocated to the tmpfs gets halved and uses up half of remaining of whatever amount of ram left . realistically speaking , it is not an ideal avenue to persue from the viewpoint of android running on devices . that is where the /sdcard comes in , to store user data/documents for that reason alone , hence why i omitted the fact that you can , but then again , why ? what if the end user forgets to save the data to the right place - because that is lost upon reboot !
if you do a cat /proc/filesystems you should notice tmpfs . so if you have access to the mount command , you shoud be able to create a directory ( mkdir MYDIRECTORY ) mount a tmpfs-filesystem there ( mount -t tmpfs tmpfs MYDIRECTROY ) per default a tmpfs-mount will use halv of the available ram on your system . so rather than " auto-growing " you can think of it as " auto-shrinking " - i.e. the more you use it , the less ram will be available . in the worst case your system might start swapping ( which you do not want ) . you can use options to use a different ram-size for that mount .
you do not need to back up anything under /system since a factory reset or flashing the original rom will restore everything there . and if you were flashing a different rom then the . odex files would likely be useless anyways , since they are for specific app/os/device versions .
the wildfire s uses a microusb cable , same as the galaxy sii , it should work fine
you can see a list of all apps in Settings -&gt; Apps ( or Applications ) and then select the All tab to see factory-installed apps in addition to downloaded apps .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
as it is a powered hub , power will not be a problem . android does not have a specific limit on how many usb devices you can have , so the limit is that imposed by the usb specification . if i remember rightly , it is 256 devices , but you can check that for yourself if you are worried . using a single usb hub with a device is well-tested on different kinds of devices . the only other thing you need to check is that the tablet you are using supports usb-otg . most branded devices do these days , but cheaper tablets from unknown manufacturers , and older ones , do not . you also need android 4.0.3 or later .
generally you simply use the power button to re-enable the screen ( if the proximity sensor does not automatically do it ) and hit " end call " . however , some people like to be able to do it with their hardware buttons , which is addressed in this question : hang up using button
slimport is not supported on the moto g ( nor is mhl ) . you can find a list of compatible devices on the slimport website .
but i am not using p2p ! => p2p in this context is not meant in the sense of " peer-to-peer file sharing " . it is a type of socket communication -- think of it as " point-to-point": one point is your device , the other might be the/your router where it should connect to . the error message you quoted can be found in the android code of wifi/wifi . c , in a part suggesting it is a wpa issue ( i am not an android programmer , so i cannot tell for sure ) . your problem was e.g. also reported in a german post at androidpit ( google-translated variant ) . the reporter there found an easy solution : resetting the router solved it for him . in case this does not work for you , more information might be found using this google search .
you will need to get one of samsung 's hdmi adapters . the tab 7 plus , 8.9 and 10.1 do not support the old rca adapter , to my knowledge . the page for the adapter also has a search bar where you can enter your specific device 's model number to ensure that it will be compatible . at that point , i believe it works like other honeycomb tablets in that it will simply mirror to the tv automatically after being plugged in .
no , this is not feasable . i take it you now have an israel cell phone now , and you are trying to get youmail on that . youmail is a u.s. based service , so even if you got forwarding to work for voicemail , it would eat up into your balance like nothing else . it would be the same as you calling the u.s. based number every time someone left a voicemail ; i am sure israel to u.s. calls are not free . however , if your u.s. friends still call your old u.s. cell phone , those will still get directed to youmail ( assuming the cell phone account is still active ) . you would simply check the messages via the internet .
according to the user 's manual , there is not a setting that locks the primary shortcuts . so i would suggest turning the phone off and then restarting it . here are the instructions from the user 's manual for adding and removing primary shortcuts . perhaps there is a step here that you have missed . you can change any of your primary shortcuts with the exception of the apps shortcut . the primary shortcuts are the bottom row of app shortcuts that remain static on all home screens ( by default phone , contacts , messaging , internet , and apps ) . note : before replacing a primary shortcut , you must first add the replacement shortcut to the home screen . press to display the main home screen . touch and hold the primary shortcut you want to replace and then drag it to an empty space on any home screen . scroll through the home screen to find the shortcut you want to add as the new primary shortcut . touch and hold the new shortcut and then drag it to the empty space in the row of primary shortcuts . the new primary shortcut will now appear on all home screens .
in the android terminal , you can enter the command mount to view what has been mounted . for a graphical extended view and to view if it gets mounted at boot , you can install the shareware app ezymount .
try Settings-&gt;Call Settings-&gt;Voicemail . on my fascinate this pops up with a dialog box where i can enter a new voicemail number immediately . on my evo ( cyanogenmod ) i have to go into Settings-&gt;Call Settings-&gt;Voicemail Settings-&gt;Voicemail Number to get the same box , so it is very similar but does take an extra step .
tasker should be seeing the event even if the system does not have it set as the default handler , so you should be safe setting smart dock as the default . ( that said , you could also have tasker handle the launch of smart dock . )
you can " recalibrate " face unlock by switching to another type of lock screen and back , as this causes a new reference image to be taken . meanwhile you can unlock the device with secondary measures ( either pin or pattern unlock ) .
yes it should work , since the face recognition technology in android ics is designed to match the face with the help of points of recognition as shown bellow . majority points will be applied on the facial parts . so it should recognize your face .
same problem , contemplating throwing away and buying a new one . but mine was previously encrypted for work , flashed a new goldeneye rom , and when i booted it asked me to decrypt the phone . i put the old pw in but since the " answer " file was lost , the decrypt failed and the cellphone rebooted . same behavior when i put in a pw i knew was wrong . so i have been heimdall'ing my phone to get it back to samsung s4 att lte stock . all the images pass but system . system file is 2gb+ and heimdall reports that 100% was sent in less than 2 seconds so i know that is not correct . i am no longer getting prompted to input the decryption password , instead , i am just looking at the samsung galaxy s4 page for ever . factory reset also does not help . system partition seems corrupted . i need a real low level format or low level write to restore this partition . any advice ? ok , i was desperate and it paid off . i went back into loki , selected the master . tar . md5 and this time it worked . installed the system file without any problems and now i am no longer bricked . the file i was using was : http://stockroms.net/file/galaxys4/sgh-m919/sgh-m919-tmb-m919uvuamdl-1366964131.zip from : galaxys4root . com / galaxy-s4-stock-firmware the one marked : at and t galaxy s4 sgh-i337 ucuamdl ( android 4.2.2 ) - download ( latest )
you can connect through adb and run a backup , does not require root , however the process is different for different phones .
this could count as a good sign : there should not be such a thing as " unused ram " . linux and android in special do a good job to make the best use of it by caching things . if there is any ram not currently needed by running apps , it can be used to keep e.g. pieces of the file system for faster access -- which also helps to save battery life . once there is additional ram needed , those caches are the first things to be cleared . for more details , i recommend to take a look at the following related questions and their answers : 0 ram free on ics are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have ?
these things helped a lot : looking at which apps drained the most power . performance improved a lot after uninstalling facebook and a few other apps i had downloaded over time . upgrading to cyanogenmod 10.1-m3 helped . they fixed a nasty memory leak , which probably accounted for parts of my issues . a little before the first 10.1-rc candidates , the cm team tweaked memory settings that had changed without warning in one of the releases . if you are running low on storage , you might want to run fstrim /data on a root shell . it seems to be a technical limitation of ssds when they are low on space .
it does not look like the update failed . what it is asking for is your google credentials . if the update you applied failed , you most likely would be at the " android " boot and it would just loop , or you had have a black screen . the adp1 device is sim unlocked , you said you have the developer version of the g1 . you do not need to have a t-mobile sim , an at and t sim will work . make sure you have the google usb drivers for the device installed . you could also install a version of cyanogenmod on the device , i believe that allows you to use wifi to authenticate . i found this tutorial on how authenticate via wifi , but keep in mind , this device is a couple years old now and i do not know if the files needed are still available .
you can follow this guide to bypass the activation screen . it requires reverting back to rc29 rom ( downgrading back to 1.0 ) , and having adb and htc drivers installed on your pc . the reason for installing rc29 is that this version has a flaw that treats anything you type as if it was typed into the terminal . you will be exploiting this flaw to enable adb access and bring up the settings menu , from which you can enable wifi and activate the device . with a sim card installed in your htc g1 , turn on the phone . plug your t-mobile htc g1 to you pc usb and install drivers on the windows xp machine . once it ask you for registration type on the keyboard the following : [ enter ] setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 [ enter ] *even though you don’t see what you are typing , but you are actually executing a command on your g1 to enable usb debugging in settings . you will notice that the command worked , because windows xp will recognize a new hardware device . “htc dream composite adb intefase” . install the driver by pointing to the folder where you downloaded the usb drivers . unzip the adb tool software into the “c:\adb” windows xp folder . on windows xp , click start -> run -> cmd” to command prompt type c:\adb devices ( if your device is connected u will see it ) type c:\adb shell ( you will see a $ sign ) just copy and paste this into command prompt : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.Settings the settings screen will appear on the htc g1 phone . now switch on wi-fi , connect to the wifi network you have and connect to the internet . now you can either login with your existing account or create new account with google . after your g1 is activated , you can then flash a custom firmware ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) or a pre-rooted stock 1.6 rom that will allow you to re-activate your g1 over wifi without resorting to exploits .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
there is a new app in the market called " google voice text reader " or " txt2speech " . this will read your google voice text messages aloud . unlike " talkback " , it will not announce every single touch / event etc that happens on your phone , just your google voice messages . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.mikesell.voicereader
you can not do this with google voice . apps such as talkback can only read what you have on your input box . since google did not open their api , we can not really make an app for google voice . you could always copy the message content to your input box but that kind of defeats the purpose of having the feature of text-to-speech .
if in your settings for google voice , you enable the feature to have your voicemail translated to text , then you have the option to : send an e-mail notifying you when you get a text or voice mail , then your reader will read your e-mail notifications and you will get your google voice messages and text read to you .
if you have a stock android phone , or certain more recent versions ( i think gingerbread on ) , then you can use talkback ( either as a separate app or in the accessibility settings ) , which does generic text reading on your phone , and should read most things . it does read any notifications which come through , which should include google voice ( though i am in the uk so i can not actually test this ) . it is designed for blind or partially sighted people , and may not be a perfect fit , but it possibly the best option out there so far . if you want something that does generic reading , then it must be an accessibility app , as only they have permission to read the text from other apps . i do not think google voice exposes an external api , which is why you are not able to find an app which specifically offers this capability .
if you want to remove data of an app : go to settings , apps ( or app manager ) , tap on the app , scroll down , press " remove data "
you can try : appmgr iii ( app 2 sd ) - android 2/3/4 link2sd - android 1.6+
as izzy points out , /system is usually mounted read-only , because it contains the operating system itself . the only reason you are getting these errors is because you specifically asked the command to wipe both /system and /data: that is what the all means . if you actually did that , you had have to reboot into recovery to reinstall the os . if that is what you really want , you should first remount /system as read-only by running the following command in a root shell on the device : mount -ro remount,rw /system  if you just want to wipe user data , to get an effect like a factory-reset for a clean slate for testing , then the command you need is wipe data .
my answer for you is twofold ; there are innate downsides to off-brand devices but - most importantly - your use case ( development and application purposes ) might make off-brand android phones a poor choice . this is from my experience with the phones ( i have a lot , having lived in asia for years , and seeing a lot here in the states ) first , the general issues . cheap , off-brand phones like that can actually perform quite well - but those good phones can be few and far between . often , you will face issues with any/all of the following : screen quality - this is generally the first place no-brand manufacturers cut corners . many , if not most , of the devices will have low resolution and poor color reproduction . battery - this is the next big issue with these . there are many reasons that cheaper design , development , and manufacturing generally mean poor battery life . from the chips used , to the battery technology used , to the radios ( in your case , dual-sim is a known battery-drainer ) . local support - your mileage may vary™ . many , if not most , no-brand devices are quad-band gsm-devices - worldphones ! ! but many are not , and almost all are poorly documented . it may claim to be a worldphone , but who knows for sure ? slowness - these things are cheap . good nand is expensive , good socs can be expensive . most off-brand phones are much slower than the big-name phones from htc , lg , motorola , etc . . . customer support - almost universally non-existent when dealing with these things . long-term manufacturer support - you are almost guaranteed to never see an update to the android os on these phones . community support - the devices are , unfortunately , almost never supported by the hacking/modding/open-source communities . phones from big names almost all have communities for modding/roms/help built around them . that does not seem so bad , right ? you will be developing software for your organization . you do not care about watching movies - so screen quality does not matter - and it'll always be plugged into a dev machine - so battery does not matter either . you probably expected slowness too . you probably do not care about those issues ! let me tell you why you might want to care . screen - it is likely to be an old , depracated screen resolution . if you are going to be developing applications to publish then it could be a problem making your app compatible with standard screen sizes . ( your so question implies you are not , so this might be a nonissue ) . slowness - you mention that this will be a low-demand server and sms gateway . slowness may be a downside for you . the phone you linked is very slow . long-term manufacturer support - this thing runs android 2.3.6 . that is ancient . even though that version is still used on many android phones today , it could be very limiting for you with its old api . community support - it is very likely that you will need to use adb , perhaps get root , and a plethora of other generally-simple tasks that could be made difficult by the way the phone is engineered . usually , there is a community to ask for help when things like this get in the way . not so for this phone . tl , dr : you will probably be able to make a workable solution with the phone you linked . there are some very significant unknowns - hiccups you may run into with your project , and hiccups you may run into with the phone - that might be bad with this phone , or they might be no problem . if it was me , i suggest this little phrase : if you have to ask , " is this phone going to work ? " then you should probably consider a different phone . get a device that you know will work . nexus phones are made for this situation . and big-name phones , while not as much as a nexus , will probably be a better solution than the phone you linked . i realize the price of nexus phones in india is expensive , but i would say it is worth the added cost .
google image search seems to be doing something funny with the way it shows you image previews . what you need to do is when you run your image search you should see the grid of all the picture results : tap the picture that you are interested in and it should appear larger on a black background . when that first loads you should see something that looks a bit like a toolbar above the image . the toolbar disappears after a few seconds , just tap the image again to get it to reappear . you should see a view full size " button " if you tap that the image appears actually full screen and now you can long-press on it and save it as normal .
you can also do one thing . . . rather then again installing the apps on the new tablet . . . install es file explorer on your old tablet . . . goto app manager and tale backup of all apps . . and then send that folder to new device . . and without any internet connection . . install all the . apk ( application ) files your want . . ! !
yes , there is , both from the device , or using google play on a ' regular computer ' . using your mobile device open the google play store app touch the play store icon and select my apps . visit the all category . select an app you’d like to install , then touch the install button on the app’s detail page . using your computer visit your my apps page on google play . select an app to view its detail page . click the button that says install or installed and select the device where you’d like to install the app . note : when an app shows an " installed " button on its detail page , it means that the app is installed on one of the devices associated with your google account . click install .
i found a solution for this by using the perl . i created this perl script , which sends the current date with the correct format to the android device via adb : then i just need to open cmd and run this : perl &lt; clock.pl 
thanks all . in android 4.2 jelly bean , we should manage default app in same app we do not want it to handle sms . in tango 3 settings , there is an option to avoid sms handling .
if you go to settings > > sound then make sure ' touch sounds ' ( it might be called something similar ) is not ticked , that should solve the problem
a few things that will do you good before you start resolving this issue . this issue has been around since cm 9 and has been inherited by cm 10 . while rom manager ( and not cwm ) was the culprit some time ago , the issue has since been resolved by them . the . nomedia file you are looking for should be inside /sdcard/android/data . it may not be there but can not hurt to look for it . have a good file manager with root access installed and have it set up to search for hidden files . i recommend root explorer . okay , enough info . let 's get cracking . follow this and let me know if it resolved your issue . follow everything to the t . do not leapfrog over steps or try to do anything else before you have gone through the entire process . all the best !
as a final resort , i tried doing a full wipe and reinstalling cm10 m1 completely , without restoring any settings or apps from any old installations . the issue still persists ! any files created with my now " old " cm10 installation no longer appear , even when they are moved within a folder where other " new " files are shown and working . switching back to aokp also did not solve the issue , so the issue does not only persist over reinstalls of cm but also across roms . what finally solved this issue for me was reformatting my /sdcard partition with the newest version of cwm recovery . this might not be a very clean solution , but in my case i needed to clean up the sdcard anyway . if formatting is not an option , try the other answer posted here regarding .nomedia files , i had no success with it as i was unable to find those files .
fwiw , i had a similar problem . after installing cm10 , i could see the photos from my previous stock rom on the phone , but not from my pc when plugged in via usb . what i did was i used airdroid to download the files to my pc , delete them using es file explorer , and then re-upload using airdroid .
why do not you try quickpic . so far it is the best gallery tool i have found .
the easiest solution would be to simply remove the battery . as far as i know , holding down the power button on the galaxy nexus does not force it to power down .
the launcher on the moto g is indeed almost identical to the stock android launcher - but not the google experience launcher that is seen on nexus devices running android 4.4+ .
digging through the logcat , immediately after the com.android.browser activity is launched , i found a " fatal signal 11 ( sigsegv ) " in vold , the volume daemon that handles storage . lots of other storage related issues in the log too . so i checked the virtual device settings one more time and noticed that the sd card size was not specified . i had assumed that the default settings should work , but apparently not . i entered 2 gb for the sd card , restarted the emulator , and the browser works fine now .
it looks like google is afraid of being sued by apple for using " square icon with rounded corners " . there is an issu on http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=125076 . however there is information about fix version set to 25th release . i do not know if chromium and chrome versions have the same numbers , but last time i checked chrome it was on v . 22 . there is also a posted suggestion of introducing chrome specific android-icon .
afaik there is no built-in method to achieve that personalization . i would go with apex launcher by android does available from google play store , to use with android 4.0+ , it is free and among the features you will find : customizable homescreens and grid size scrollable dock infinite and elastic scrolling customizable app and folder icons multiple drawer styles drawer apps sorting hide apps from the drawer enjoy homescreen gestures backup/restore settings and data apex launcher homescreen settings : other features can be found if you go pro .
is there something wrong with the default keyboard on the device ? very odd though that would be marked incompatible for you since it is such a basic app and by google . there are lots of ways developers can put filters on their apps however can even omit specific devices , countries , and carriers if they choose . there are few options you can try from here http://www.howtogeek.com/138500/
the reason it does not work is because there is certain data types that are allowed through such as jpg , png , zip , pdf , text , anything else is filtered out and denied for the simple reason of security and to prevent malicious exploitation of transferring a binary executable across it for example . you cannot edit them as they are baked into the rom and built at compile time . look in packages/app/Bluetooth/src/com/android/bluetooth/Constants.java: it is similar in principle to the mime types found in among web servers , such as uploading a png or jpg to a site . the filters would be in place to prevent window binaries to be uploaded .
try pointing your web browser at 1.2.3.50 you may be able to turn off image compression or use adblock for firefox/chrome to blacklist the bmi . js file ?
you can perhaps run noscript ( firefox plugin ) and put the ip address as the only thing in the block list .
would the same thing happen if you used a vpn ? your isp would not be able to compress images if it did not know what the traffic was , right ? i found setting up a basic vpn to be pretty easy ; if you have a win 7 pc with an internet connection ( or a willing buddy with one ) you can set up a quick vpn using this guide : how to configure your computer to accept incoming vpn connections in windows 7 . with that working , try connecting to your vpn both from your tethered laptop and from the android phone itself . if it works you could investigate a more permanent vpn solution .
in firefox get add on " modify header " then go to extensions then go to modify headers click on options and add cache-control then no-cache .
there is a setting under accessibility options for mono audio . i have not tried it yet , but it may be what you want .
one can use ffmpeg : avconv -i input.mp4 -c:v copy -c:a libmp3lame -ac 1 out.avi avconv -i input.mp3 -c:a libmp3lame -ac 1 out.avi 
a lot of bluetooth headsets only play mono sounds , though you generally will not get the sound quality as you do from a wired headset .
you could use poweramp . it has tons of sound settings including a mono option .
after leaving it in the loop for days using 4 different wall adapters and a usb port , i found the wall-to-usb adapter that originally came with my device . i plugged my tablet in with that and it booted normally and started working ; i do not know why that fixed it , but it did .
try starting it in safe mode and see if the led still acts up . . link - http://www.myvusers.com/forums/samsung-galaxy-nexus/10880-safe-mode-galaxy-nexus-samsung.html
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
yes , as far as i know you can only connect it to your smart tv or blueray player to play media storage ; like videos , music , photos , etc . i do not think they have live playback for android , but they do for psp go .
although i think micro-usb/hdmi adapter connection is a better option if your phone supports it and you have the required hardware , another option for viewing your screen on the computer is is to use usb debugging mode capabilities , which does not require special hardware beyond your usb cable . essentially , you enable usb debugging mode on the phone . you install the android sdk on your computer . you probably will also have to install usb drivers for your phone model as well that are not the default drivers that do usb folder storage only . and then you download an application called android screencast to your pc and run it . it is slightly laggy , so it is not ideal for , say , watching a video off your phone , but if your screen dies or something , it can be a lifesaver . a detailed tutorial on how to get android screencast up and running is here : http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/42491/how-to-remote-view-and-control-your-android-phone/
this is what developers use to show applications to an audience : http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/software-engineer/project-your-android-phones-screen-onto-a-larger-display/
the way i do it is i connect my phone to my tv by using a micro usb to yellow video input and use my curtis 5.1 dolby surround sound with a female red and white to male audio ( headset connecter ) .
yes , you can connect an android phone to a tv or a computer monitor . at least if you have a new enough tv or monitor , and not a ten year old tv like i do . :- ) my android phone came with a hdmi cable to use when connecting phone to tv . i have connected it many times to my computer however , using a mini usb cable . but i would be able to use the hdmi as well , depending on what i want to do . i am for sure no expert , but i have a sony ericsson experia arc s and i have used it for over a year . i hope that this answer is good enough to offer some help . for newer phone , you may wish to use the following : micro usb to hdmi® mhl adapter reference link : http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=8675seq=1format=2 video link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=p5tjl_a_wcc in the reference link , it include information such as compatible mobile devices ( which you can retrieve from this link - http://www.mhlconsortium.org/workarea/downloadasset.aspx?id=5055 )
chromecast recently added the ability to cast your phone screen to the tv . most nexus devices have this support via the os , and others will require an update to the chromecast app . this feature is working well with good resolution and a small amount of latency , so if you have one give it a shot .
go to your phone settings menu . under Accessibility , click the checkbox for Power button ends call . be careful using this with bluetooth . i have accidentally ended calls because i wanted to put the phone in my pocket ; i pressed the power button ( do not want my touchscreen active : i might accidentally end the call ! ) , and the call ended .
power key end call will let you end a call by pressing the power key . this should solve your problem ; you can press the power key on any screen and end the current call .
google just added this to the play store a few days ago . open the play store and tap the menu in the top left and then tap people . here you will see an overview and some recommended apps and people . if you scroll to the bottom , you will see a few g+ contacts . tap " see more " to view a list of all the people in your g+ circles . then tap on the person you want and all their reviews and +1s will be there .
its actually ok to install gapps , or any other zip packages ( if they are meant to be flashed ) , after cyanogenmod has been installed . you had use the install zip from sdcard option while in recovery mode ( presumably clockworkmod , if you followed cm 's install guide ) to flash the gapps zip file . then reboot your device and after that you will notice that it will take a little longer to start up with a message saying " android is upgrading " . wait for that to finish and then you will see all of the google apps installed .
take a closer look when swiping your finger to unlock the screen , there are a few apps surrounding the unlock area , swipe right to only unlock and not open other apps . to change these shortcuts , go to settings - lock screen - slider shortcuts .
cyanogenmod 11 is only released as nightly build and will have a few bugs , and these types of bugs are common . unfortunately there is not enough information in your post to nail down the problem . i would need to know the phone , cm build number , and would need to know if you did clean or dirty flash the last time you updated cm . without this information my advice is to uninstall apollo or use an app like titanium backup pro to freeze it , and use a much better music app such as poweramp .
if you disable the Off-road mode in opera then it plays the video rather than downloading it .
apart from the aosp code that google provides , android devices also require lots of device specific code , especially kernel , gpu drivers , radios etc . these are released by the manufacturer some time after the official update is out . 4.2 source is out only for some of nexus devices yet ( and not all of them ) . nexus devices are the easiest to build custom roms on , for obvious reasons . if your device source is released , you can find specific guides for devices - like nexus 7 galaxy nexus , nexus s ( which i use ) , kindle hd etc . google " compile jellybean from source " and you will get guides for your device ( 4.1 for now ) .
it sounds like the bootloader on your tablet is still locked . by default , most android tablets will only boot and run stock recovery images and roms , for security . it verifies that the rom is signed by the original manufacturer ( or the carrier , for carrier-branded devices ) . you need to unlock the bootloader to let it know you want to run an unofficial image . see the bootloader-lock tag for more details , and a starting point to find out how to unlock the bootloader on various devices .
it sounds like you were trying to root your phone . if this is the case , then part of that process is completely wiping your /data and /system partitions . so yes , all of your applications , pictures , music etc . are gone . i would recommend reading the documentation you have , and completing the rooting process . then sign back into google , and download all your apps from the play store again . ( from the slide out drawer on the left side , select my apps , then slide from right to left to switch from installed to all . this will show you a list of all the apps you have ever downloaded . long press on an app , then tap your way down the list , and you can mass reinstall . ) things you will need immediately after rooting : 1 ) a rom , for a beginner i would recommend cyanogenmod , but i am not sure what is available in chine 2 ) gapps , these are all the essential google applications . ( play store , play services etc . ) after you root your phone , and put a rom on it i would highly recommend buying a backup app . i use titanium backup pro , but i am not sure if it is available where you are from , you will have to do a little research . lastly , once you root your phone , welcome to the wonderful world of root . you can flash custom roms , use the xposed framework and much more . you can make your phone do tons of stuff that it could not normally do . good luck , have fun .
typically , you can reset your phone to its factory settings using this answer : stackexchange-url however , that will not work : it will only wipe /data , restoring your phone to it is factory settings , not restoring the entire rom . the reason why odin did not work is that odin only works for genuine samsung phones , with samsung firmware . you will need to get a update.zip file for your phone to flash in recovery . unfortunately , clones do not usually have these files available .
my answer ( s ) : ( these are limited to my experiences ) no , you most likely will not be able to apply a standard update to a rooted phone . as far as turning off the update , this is most likely specific to the phone , and if it is being pushed by your carrier , my guess is you can not just turn it off . i would choose ( now that you are rooted ) to just flash a new rom . if you like your stock stuff , you can probably find a rom that is the same thing you are using now , with the 2.3.6 update . this rom may be what you are looking for in the case i described . it does not require you to do a wipe either , basically the update for your phone !
there was an app that i had a while ago , i think they removed it from the market , but i found it here : tricorder . it is a little cheesey and geeky , but if you are in the first section ( "grav" ) it will show you the direction vectors from the readings it gets from the accelerometer . it does some other cool things too , but for your diagnostic purposes , it should work well ! update : here 's a screenshot of what you are looking for . i took this while holding my phone horizontally , and you will notice the " y " vector is 0.040 . it kept moving between 0.080 and 0.000 . i would say if it is much more than 0.150 off , you probably have a hardware issue . here 's the reading i got at ~0.500 . to get this reading , i held the phone horizontally and lifted up the left side almost a centimeter . here 's the screenshot , if it helps :
look netimen , i particularly do not know much about slimkat rom but what works for other android devices is that if you have a spot for micro sd card then what you do is that you transfer every possibly movable app to your sd card . to do that go to settings> app manager . now choose the apps you want to move and if there is an option for move to sd card click on it . the app had been moved . now if you want other files also to go to sd card , head over to your file manager and simply move the apps . this will make a lot of free space in the internal memory of your device . hope it helped :d . thanks is always appreciated .
well u did not specify your android os so let 's go by the default answer basically in android device the operating system ( jelly bean , kit kat ) occupies a lot of space for the phone to operate ( drivers for wi-fi , hd display etc . ) and remind you its pre determined and can also vary after an update . due to which the internal memory will decrease after the update takes place . to increase the internal memory there is no way without downgrading the operating system of your phone as the storage space of the operating system is reduced . another way would be to move all your applications to the sd card storage which will boost your speed as well as memory .
enabling gps does not actually activate gps . it just allows applications to activate the gps . so leaving the gps flag on all the time will not consume battery power unless applications activate the gps and ask for the current location .
it should not have any impact on your battery life if you do not use any gps enabled application . however there is nothing that forbids apps to use the gps in background if it is enabled . it is the case with google latitude . so if latitude is enabled it will use the gps in background in some occasions to find your location . in this case you will see an impact on your battery life . do not know of any other apps that does that .
Menu | Settings | About phone | Battery use will show you what has been using your battery . i very seldom see gps in there , unless i have been doing a lot of heavy google maps work , and even then not that much . try keeping an eye on that and see how much battery your gps is really using .
normally your battery life will be the same . only if applications start requesting gps updates the battery will be affected . the switch from the power control is just a shortcut to prohibit / allow applications to enable gps location updates .
i do not know the actual impact , since a lot of applications use the location-service ( either gps or just phone-antenna ) but you can test this by using currentwidget for example . this tool will give you the ability to log the battery usage at an interval .
the autoshare app in the android market can do this . once this app is set up , it is 100% non-interactive &mdash ; you do not have to edit the email or click a " send " button . everything gets filled out and sent in the background . this is a major benefit ! however , the app requires you to set up an email server/password/userid to do that . with gmail it was a breeze to set up . i do not think this app uses the gmmail app &mdash ; it connects straight to google 's smtp server .
the following is a solution that will work if you are sharing images from the browser . this will not work in the gallery though . unfortunately i am not aware of any custom share apps that add to the gallery 's share menu . install bookmarklet free ( it allows you to add services to the " share " menu , including custom ones ) . to make a custom " mail to yourself " bookmarklet just open the app and create a custom bookmarklet that has the following for the starting url : https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&amp;fs=1&amp;tf=1&amp;to=YOUR@EMAIL.COM&amp;su=SUBJECT  replace your@email . com with the email you want to default send to and replace subject with the subject . leave the rest of the fields alone . now in the browser if you are looking at an image you can long click it and choose share and choose your custom bookmarklet .
as per my comment , rename the contact for yourself to " zz " .
dell voice aka fongo gives you a number . set up your number , log in , and run the app from any device .
let 's get this right the first time , shall we ? : ) several options that are offered so far seem to indicate a third-party app will be doing the dialing . however , dependent upon your geographic location , you may be able to activate the native dialer in the google nexus s . before proceeding , you will need to : 1 ) be based in the united states ( there are ways around this . . . ! ) , and ; 2 ) have a phone number registered for use within the united states ( required ) . 3 ) grab a beverage of choice . 4 ) not be busy for the next 45 minutes . tell everyone to pfo ( please fone others ) . 5 ) remove your sim-card from your google nexus s . let 's begin ! i : get google voice via web sign-up 1 ) get a google voice account . when going through the setup portion , you need to confirm a secondary number with the account . use your phone number that you have with your $20/mo phone . 2 ) grab an area code that you like ( as gvoice calls currently are free throughout usa and canada , but this may change ) . 3 ) goto settings , and enable google chat as a client that can make and receive phone calls . what if i have a us-based cellphone , but i am in country other than USA ? use a proxy or tor-based service , cloak your exit location with a us-based proxy , and sign-up for the service . btw , your welcome . ii : get google voice via android market 1 ) find " google voice " in the android market . alternatively , you can also find the * . apk with a quick google search if you can not access the installer via the market . 2 ) install " google voice . " 3 ) when asked about how you want google voice to process calls , select " as every time i make a call . " you can use other options , but just stick with this . iii : get sipdroid ( i-p-tel gmbh ) via android market 1 ) find and install sipdroid via android market . 2 ) open the program . upon first run , you will see the magical button at the bottom of your screen , which may be covered by a keyboard . get rid of the keyboard by pressing the back button or hide keyboard button . 3 ) tap the " new pbx linked to my google voice " button . at this point , you will be linking a free sip account with your google voice account . also , as passwords must be the same between accounts , the following situation happens : you are based in the united states the pbxes . org servers are in germany ( ? ) , and will ask permission to use your credentials to login to your google accout via their servers this causes google to think someone has hacked your account in germany . if you get this , do not worry . 4 ) get details for your sipdroid account credentials . username : it will be username-200@pbxes . org . ( the "-200" comes right after your username ) password : whatever password you used to register for the service . ( btw , my pw is hunter2 , but you should see stars . hahaha . ) 5 ) uninstall sipdroid iv : confirm account via pbxes . org 1 ) login to pbxes . org with your credentials ( from section iii , step 4 ) . 2 ) after login , go to " personal data " ( on the left-hand side ) . if you do not want your account deleted in 1 week , fill this out . fill out with your details , or use dummy data if you wish . i am sure alice , bob , john and jane doe have multiple accounts . . . : ) 3 ) goto Extensions , then Sipdroid &lt;200&gt; . in Device Options , you will see a password field . the password here has to match your google voice account . that way , pbxes can login to google voice . you can also set up your caller id here , so go crazy . 4 ) optional , but strongly suggested : make sure that the password to login to the web interface of pbxes . org is different from the one to your google voice account . v : putting the sip service on your nexus s this is where it get 's serious . actually , it is pretty easy . 1 ) go to your phone dialer . 2 ) tap the menu button to get Settings . 3 ) scroll down to INTERNET CALL SETTINGS , and tap Accounts . 4 ) check Receive incoming calls . yeah , you can be a jerk and only use your phone to call out , but what about the people who want to phone you ? just check it . unless you do not want anyone calling you . and if that is the case , why are you even following this guide ? 5 ) tap the menu button and tap Add account . Username and Password is what was listed in section iii , step 4 . Server is pbxes.org check Set as primary account tap Optional settings . at this point , check to make sure Transport type is TCP , and that your Port number is 5060 . you can probably use another port , but it seems to work . oh wait , port 5060 is the official sip port . go to : en . wikipedia . org/wiki/list_of_tcp_and_udp_port_numbers and search 5060 . so you use 5060 , and life will be good . do not be smart and say " i will use port--" no ! this is not a storm , you are not a sailor going to another port . you will use 5060 , and you will be happy with the choice . alternatively , port `5061' is sip over tls , but i have never used that and i am not sure if it would work . 6 ) save the account . vi : testing the phone if you have gotten this far without errors or crying , then try calling a number . 1 ) dial your number . from now on , dial with the following format : 1 - areacode - XXX - YYYY  that way , you do not have to worry about whether or not it is a local call or long-distance call . at this point , a nifty popup will show . it will state Complete action using . select Mobile Data , and tap Just once . that way , you can make it permanent after it works properly . 2 ) now you get something that pops up saying [warning triangle] Place call . you will tap ' internet call ' , as you ( i ) do not have a sim card in nexus s . at this point , it will dial the number . when connected , there will be a bit of an echo . why ? well , your call is probably routed the following way : it sound like there is a delay and echo yeah , because you are voice is going half-way around the world . always pause to let the other person finish . do this on your side by waiting 2 seconds before and after any speech . but i do not want delay it is free for north america ( us+cad ) . icing on top ? if you have a vpn based in either canada or the united states , have your android use that connection . that way , you can be in the uk , have a vpn connection to the us and phone someone in us or cad . friend : " where are you ? " you : " in whatever country via VPN connection" friend : " are not you paying a lot ? " you : " yes . can you wire me usd$100 ? i am in central australia right now , and the wifi from this wild dingo sucks . " friend : " . . . " you : " yes , the dingo has wifi . it is got a coin slot in it is butth--" friend : " i have got to g--" . you : " ok , bye . " friend : " bye . " the end
viber is a free call and messaging app . both parties should be on wifi to make this work .
it is not possible to have the same number on two different phones . on your nexus s , you could install skype . that will give you free voip for skype-to-skype calls . you do not need a number for this , just an internet connection ( and a skype account , which is free ) . take note , however , skype to mobile / landline is not free . for other alternatives , search for voip in google play . edit #1: i looked around and found ipkall . it gives you a free washington number . is this the kind of service you are looking for ?
" notification mode " refers not to the notification bar , but the notification sounds . if you turn it off , then notification sounds will be off . notifications in the notification bar will still show . some notifications still vibrating : sounds like the app developer implemented manual vibration instead of using notification settings .
in my case the problem appears to have been caused by the " manage locking " section of juicedefender . turning that off solved the problem .
if you have any custom lock screens , un-install them . this will make the annoying behaviour stop . at least it did for me . there was some funky systems settings between the lock screen app and next launcher that you get prompted for . this made the default lock screen come up ( not the one i was trying to use ) . to recap , this happened with the next launcher ( very good , btw ) , go lock screen and stock android 4.1.1 unrooted on the samusung galaxy note ii ( rogers - like at and t ) . hopefully this helps someone pin down the real reason this happens .
no , there is no common shortcut to close/exit any program . the " android way " is to let the os decide when to actually close/exit an application . just hit the " home " button or the " recent apps " buttons to switch to another application when you are done with the current application , or tap the physical power button to turn off the screen . the os will take responsibility for deciding when to suspend and when to terminate a background application . it generally does a good job of this , but some people cannot stand this behavior and so install task manager applications to explicitly terminate background applications .
open the camera app and press the button that looks like a camera with a circular arrow under it . ( original picture from this article about ics on thetechlabs.com )
as your phone is rooted , you could use titanium backup to backup app and data . then uninstall viber , re-install it , check if it works , and use tb again to restore only the data . keep in mind that when a mis-configuration is the cause of your problem , after restoring the app 's data your problem might be back . in that case , simply repeat the operation , but do not restore the data , if you want the app working again . of course , in that case your chat history would be lost ; but you might be able to manually pick the data from tibu 's backups .
i found that if you install another reading app , then when you open an epub it will offer the choice of reading apps and you can pick the default one " reader " . you can then delete the extra reading app .
the answer is . . . it depends . as a rough equivalent between android and windows pcs : ram = ram internal storage = c : drive external storage = d : drive etc . . . allocation of ram works differently in android , vs . say windows or unix . the usual notion of more is better does not necessarily correlate here . as i understand it , it is diminishing returns once you go beyond what is required . android basically tries to keep the apps/files you use most cached in ram . swapping in and out as it finds necessary . once you are beyond what is needed , then it seems like android just starts caching random and useless things . that is why if you use a task manager on your phone there always seems to be " stuff " running that you might feel inclined to just kill and free ram . . . but there is a lot of debate that says you should leave it alone and let the android os handle it . as for internal storage , i personally go for the biggest i can get in my budget . the android os files go there , all your settings , music , photos , and apps by default are installed here . nowadays though internal storage offerings from manufacturers are larger and larger and options to put files on external storage are getting better and better . considering today 's offerings and requirements , i would personally suggest when buying a new phone to get : at least 1gb , 2gb preferred ( as new apps with more bells and whistles come out , their ram footprint also increases . 2gb is still probably way more than most average people need , but it is quickly becoming the standard on newer phones anyway . ) internal storage at least 16gb ( again , as new apps come out with more bells and whistles and cameras with higher megapixels and recording high definition movies , they all keep demanding more space . the more you have now , the less you will have to deal with later if you have to start cleaning up or moving things off to external ) get whatever the cheapest option offered with the phone ( if it is offered ) ( buying the external storage from a 3rd party is much less expensive and likely faster and more reliable ) .
secondary storage does not really effect standard performance , since most memory written and fetched is in ram . secondary storage should be seen as a priority in terms of managing space and resources and to help increase access time , but the real performance is dependant on architecture design of the system , ram , and cpu speed , cache , and other factors weighing in . also , secondary storage is for storing data so it remains there when you turn the phone or , battery dies , etc . ram is electronically erased when there is no power in its capacitors , and all data fetched , retrieved , executed , or otherwise executing is gone . secondary storage is non-volatile , so the data remains on it . think of it as a drawer where you put stuff in , but takes time to open and move stuff out of . think of the top of the dresser as ram , where you are always moving stuff . . .
the internal memory is where most things are stored by default such as : apps , music , pictures , and any other things that require to work offline at times . external storage handles the same things , except it can be removed from the device and usually serves as extra space if you want to install several apps , keep lots of music , or take tons of pictures , etc . you also might have to specify if you specifically want things stored on the external memory . the internal ram is the same as that on a computer and just allows process to run faster as there is more memory for them to access when they need it quickly . you ideally want the most of everything , but all phones are going to have much less ram compared to internal and external storage . this is all very similar to the way computers handle things too . the computer has a small bit of ram , and then a much larger hard drive .
just enter these codes in dial pad . the moment you type the last # key it will automatically open a window with information . ( no need of hitting dial button ) these codes have been confirmed working on galaxy s4 models . *#06# imei number *#0*# test screen *#0283# audio loopback *#2663# firmware and update versions *#12580*369# software and hardware info *#0228# battery status *#2263# rf band selection *#9090# service mode *#7284# uart modem pda *#8736364# update settings *#7353# quick test menu note : none of these codes work on android 4.3 !
you should not trust such a list of secret codes , simply because secret codes are not only device specific but mostly app specific . secret codes are generally defined by the applications installed on the device . if you want to have a valid list of secret codes available on your device , you should use an automated secret codes crawler . i recently developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes . but keep in mind that sometimes , secret codes are just executing themselves silently ( without visual hint )
most apps should give you control of their own notifications via their internal settings . for your specific example , app update notifications are coming from the play store app , and can be toggled on or off from within the app itself via menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notifications. other built-in apps like gmail or talk , or 3rd-party apps like yahoo ! mail or facebook for example , have similar controls that allow you to adjust notifications with varying degree of control ( e . g . frequency , etc . ) in android 4.1 and above , google introduced a way to completely disable notifications for certain apps that either do not have such settings at all , or do not offer enough control for your liking ( or include aggressive advertisements via push-notifications like airpush ) . long-pressing a notification and tapping the new App Info option will bring up properties of the app that spawned it , and from there you can completely turn them off . this feature appears in most custom roms as well that are based on the jelly bean ( android os version 4.1 . x/4.2 . x ) code base ( cyanogenmod 10 in your case . )
it is a hardware fault and it may be unlikely you will find one without it i have only seen one that did not have the issue and it was an early sample . returned several myself then got my money back samsung should issue a public statement about this as the camera part of the phone is not fit for its purpose with this fault . probably best to get your money back and wait until samsung come clean about what is going on with this issue . if you do decide to get a different phone with an 8mpix camera do check it out before buying as it could be to do with the sensor supplier and the same sensor may be used in other phones
i have the same problem here in brazil . last year , i bought a galaxy s , and the photos had that red color in the center . i went to the store and exchanged it for another one , which had the same problem . i went to the store and returned it . i decided for an iphone 4 . now , i got bored with iphone 4 and this week i bought another galaxy s , it has the same problem ( red color in the center of the photo ) , but i decided to keep it anyway . for what i see in your post , the red color is a general problem . i just don’t understand why the samsung has not already corrected that problem . i have made some tests with the camera , and noticed that the problem occurs in low light conditions , especially under incandescent light , but outdoors the picture is normal . maybe the problem could be correct by some software or an update for samsung . i looked over in the internet and didn’t find any solution . so , if somebody knows a solution , please post it here .
i would take the phone to where ever you bought it from and have them take a look at it . it is most likely some sort of hardware issue that they will be able to take care of .
i use appmonger by rectangular software and i love it . there is a widget that can report sales right on the home screen . the app costs like $4.00 but it is well worth it . the developer updates the app on a regular basis and is good about giving support via email if needed . also if bugs are reported , there is a pretty good turn around for the fix . there are different time spans that you can select to get reports for . you can get reports for all apps or specific apps . some information that is supplied is : daily revenue/units sold revenue/units sold by product revenue/units sold by country revenue/units sold by day of the week revenue/units sold by hour of the day order statuses orders list
try removing ( uninstalling ) custom apps you installed in batches , and using the phone for a day or two . also try removing sd card if you have one . sometimes sd card causes this , either because of faulty connection with the card or because it makes the connection to battery lose . it is a slow method and requires patience , but is bound to work .
i have had the same problem with my samsung galaxy s and the australian samsung ho say there is nothing wrong with the phone . i have been trying to get it fixed since july , but they will not do anything to fix it . i think there is a fault in the phone that makes the screen freeze over - only thing you can do is turn it off , take the battery pack and sim card out , then completely reboot it . i reckon the screen is going to die .
i believe this issue has to do with installing a rom over another one without wiping . my particular rom is apex 9.3 . according to the associated xda forum thread , freezing problems with this rom have been solved by " a complete wipe including formatting sdcard , system , cache and data when flashing 9.0" . i have done so , wiping the data and cache in recovery mode , reinstalled the rom , and i have gone a week without a severe lockup ( severe meaning i have to restart the phone to get out of it ) . i have had an occasional 5 second freeze or so , but that is it . update : still had issues with freeze-ups . turned out it was the rom . went to a new rom and have not experienced freezes .
you can add this as init.d script , if your rom supports init.d . or else you can patch boot.img with autobootimage patcher from xda . the above script is for mobile data : for wi-fi , change mobile_data to wifi_on .
if you have got root access and you are running a custom rom you should be able to run scripts at boot time . here is a thread on xda that discusses boot time scripts . then you had just need to figure out the commands to disable wifi . on my desire hd the wireless interface is called eth0 . this command should disable wireless : ifconfig eth0 down  whether or not that will disable it permanently i.e. the system will not just do the equivalent of : ifconfig eth0 up  in the background , i do not know . . . i am afraid i do not know much about how the android system handles networking , or at least not enough to help more directly with what to put in the the script !
you can try to automate this with tasker by setting up a task to disable wifi during device boot-up : tap " new " to create a new profile , and give it a name , e.g. " no wifi on boot " . select the " event " from the " first context " pop-up . select the " system " category , and then " device boot " event . tap " new task " and give it a descriptive name like " wifi off " for example . tap the "+" button , select the " net " category , then " wifi " net action , change the " set " drop-down to " off " , and tap the " done " button . tap the " done " button on the " task edit / test " screen . ensure the " on " option is enabled ( bottom-right of the screen ) , and tap the " apply " button . tasker is not free , but worth every penny , imho .
install droidmote server on the one you want to be controlled and droidmote client on the one with which you want to do the controlling .
yes , on august 3rd 2012 google listen was discontinued and is no longer available on google play . if you already have it , it will continue to work , but on november 1st 2012 , the podcast search will cease to work . this project was very limited in functionality anyway . there are other apps out there that are updated and actively worked on . i think the last time google listen was updated was a couple months after it came out in 2009 . a lot of the podcast apps out there now can make use of the " listen subscriptions " folder that is in google reader . this is where google listen stored your subscribed podcasts . i continue to use reader to store my podcasts in this location , then i import it to the player on my phone .
previously i have used sizable send to transfer very large videos from my phone to my boss 's . you can send them the download link via email or text . alternatively , if the video is not very large you could use dropbox in the same way depending on the file size it might take a while to transfer .
email , or if not cloud storage or instagram direct messaging . if you are close you could also do bluetooth .
when you tap google in your accounts list , the first option shows your user mail . tap that and you will see a list of services which are getting synced . untick contacts and make sure gmail is checked .
to make tasker work with nfc , you can use a nfc plugin : locale nfc plugin does work with tasker ( according to the app description , and as generally locale plugins do work with tasker ) , and should enable you to do what you have described .
you can create the task in nfc launcher , install autoshortcut ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.joaomgcd.autoshortcuthl=en-gb ) and then you can call the nfc launcher task within tasker via the plugins> autoshortcut> configuration> run task . i just got my unrooted note 2 setup to disable powersaving when on usb power and enable it again when i unplug it :- )
you can install the xposed framework on a rooted device . there are numerous modules that will enable softkeys on the device . have a search in xposed in the " downloads " section for " softkeys " . one example is here and it has the android l style soft keys . in case the article goes down here 's the xda thread with the apk
solved i guess it auto downloaded :d
try sliding the notification bar down , then long press on the ' new voicemail ' notification . there should be one option " app info " , go to this and clear cache and data . if your version of android / device does not support the long press notification , go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; All &gt; Phone ' phone ' may be called ' dialler ' or similar on varying devices . clear cache and data . warning some devices ( very rarely to be honest ) tie your contacts to the dialler application , or your call history , clearing the data may clear some or all of these . ensure you have backups to be 100% sure that , however unlikely , if something goes wrong you have what is important . it is very unlikely and i do this all the time to get rid of that notification , but it is always better to be safe than sorry .
there is an application that deletes unused playlists from the database . see http://roryok.com/blog/2010/07/23/clearing-out-deleted-playlists-in-android/
i have a moto droid , and believe it or not , i had to do a factory reset on the phone ( settings -> privacy -> factory data reset ) to get rid of the playlists that i erroneously put on the sd card . after the phone rebooted , it reactivated my service and restored the apps i had previously downloaded from the android market . the customizations i had made to my home screen needed to be redone , and the device needed to re-fetch all of my google data ( contacts , calendar , etc . ) they really need to come up with a better solution to that , but thankfully , i had not done much with the phone , so i did not have many things that i needed to setup again .
go to settings , applications , manage applications , [ menu button ] , filter , all find the media storage app , and clear data . this deletes everything ! artists , albums , playlists . ( data still on card ) plug in , mount usb . eject . go back into music , and wait ( a lot if you have more than a few tracks . ) note : if the music app shows no changes , try force stopping the media storage app . the app showed no cache or data to clear , but force stopping it then opening the music app worked for me .
add and hl=pl to the end of the url . ( so it becomes https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.touchtype.swiftkeyhl=pl ) this will force the play store to change to polish entirely , and display the polish version of the site , not just the translation . ( works for all google sites , and all languages ) it will remain in polish until you close the page or tab .
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
it sounds like android device manager may not have administrator privileges . go to : Settings/Security/Device Administrators/  and make sure that android device manager is checked . if it is not , check it and agree to the popup . then you should be able to enable it in the google settings app .
you have to setup the lock and erase first ! this just means clicking that button then setting up a service on android to allow the android device manager to manage the device . the nexus 4 has this built in , so there is no need to set it up . but as you have already clicked it , its a matter of checking if your phone has a good internet connection and can connect to google . also make sure that the android device manager is installed on the android device in question
it is now the morning after the evening i wrote this question . my lock and erase settings are now automagically present in android device manager . i have not changed any settings or powered off the phone , it was just ' sleeping ' last night . so it looks like the google servers needed some time to enable the settings .
go into the settings app . choose security , then owner info . uncheck show owner info on lock screen .
there are a couple of phones that support usb host mode . you could check the compatibility list of the app " dslr controller " over here : http://dslrcontroller.com/devices.php in the column " how to connect " are links to an adapter cable which enables you to connect a camera to your phone . if your phone is listed there or you verify via outher sources that your phone supports usb host mode then you could try one of the cables listed there . after that you would need an app that enables you to mount the camera storage so you can access it . today i ordered one of those cables and will try to connect a cardreader to my phone ( samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 ) . will post further updates once the cable arrives .
try to use ntfs-3g . over it you add device , then you need mount you device to some mount point . this util simply compiled for arm .
cyanogenmod does not support ntfs . you would have to compile your own kernel module for the cm kernel in order to mount ntfs . edit for you comment about the paragon app : using an app like that is different then actually mounting it in android . if it does not work with your drive , it is an issue with the application , not cm7 . the app is implementing the ntfs protocol within the application . if it fails to mount , then there is a problem with the application . there are lots of reviews for the app that say " did not work with x " , so it seems you are not the only one that has issues . your only option is to contact the developer and send them the problem you have , so they can fix it . in response for your edit #1 and edit #2 you will not be able to mount with mount android does not have a kernel module that supports ntfs . as i said above , the reason that you can mount it within the app is because the app developer implemented the ntfs protocol in their application . Invalid argument means that the filesystem type you are trying to mount is not supported by mount . No medium found means that it does not see that dev block or cannot access it . it also sounds like the problem may be that the hdd you are trying to mount requires different drivers to communicate with the hdd controller . sounds like you are able to get flash drives to work , and that is because they are probably using a " standard " communication , while the hdd could be using something non-standard , or has a different chipset and is not supported by default by the kernel .
the setting is available in google translate app : open google Translate &gt; Settings &gt; Speech Input italian would be set to Default Dialect . just set it to Italian (Italy) ( or the corresponding option ) and re-check .
disabling google hotword detection fixes this issue in 4.4.4 .
i guess you use gel ? if so , it is because of it listening to " ok google " . turn off " hotword detection " in gel voice settings and you will be fine .
are your headphones defective or have a weak spot ? you can try a couple of things , such as testing this on another android device . it could potentially be the rom and its ability to detect headphones properly while doing different things ( multi-tasking in a sort of sense ) . what you can do is go into settings and turned motion off . sometimes it can sense movement and such and it'll pause accordingly . i will look into this more but into l your next response , this is what i have to say . update it is probably an android 4.2.2 issue . you can downgrade , wait for an upgrade or perhaps install the 4.3 kitkat rom . other options are trying newer/older versions of the google play music software .
open the alarm and clock application , then select the alarm that you want to change . select alarm sound and select an option , or select the music note button to select from your music files . tap done twice . http://userguide.sonymobile.com/referrer.php?region=global-enproduct=xperia-z2#!alarm-clock.html
i do not know if it could be your case , but if your phone is connected to your computer with ums ( usb mass storage ) enabled along having a custom ringtone stored on your sd card ( /ringtones folder ) instead of mtp this will give you this kind of problem . the phone will use a default ringtone since it cannot access the sd card files , because the ums mode requires exclusive access to the mass storage .
i have had that problem too . i have just power cycled the device , which always fixes it , which leads me to believe it is software . i have it set to show touches , and it would either not show the touches , or they would show up after a delay . to determine if it is software , look to see if it happens at roughly the same time everyday , or after running specific software , then it is most likely software related . i have turned on " show cpu usage " , which is only mildly invasive , and should be sufficient to show if cpu utilization spikes when responsiveness issues come up .
mine started the same way until one day the touch screen would not respond at all . the buttons worked but that was it ! i could not do a thing . i believe one of my pets ( a heavy cat ) who to my horror loves to lie on top of warm things may have done something to the sensors . that is just my speculation . since it was only 4 months old , i was able to get an rma from asus and got it back with all it is software and data intact in 3/4 weeks . the only thing is that they make you pay for the shipping which i find a bit cheesy but it was not much . i hope yours is still under the one year warranty . if not i would open it up ( there are videos on youtube ) and try to see if something came loose . good luck .
you can try to diagnose the problem yourself , or at least get a little more info by turning on a couple of developer diagnostics . in settings , scroll down to developer options . under the " input " section , check " show touches " . this will cause a small ( white ) circle to show on the screen where ever you touch it . if you do not see the circle ( which might be under your finger , so look carefully ) , you know it did not register your touch . if you see the circle lagging , then you know it registered your touch and is just being slow for other reasons . under " monitoring " , you may want to turn on " show cpu usage " and " strict mode enabled . " " show cpu usage " will show you what is running as a little overlay in the top right of the screen . the top line of the display shows the system cpu load . see this excellent write up of what the load numbers mean . if the load is high , your little nexus-7 " strict mode enabled " will " flash screen when apps do long operations on the main thread . " if your screen flashes , then you know something is hogging the cpu .
its hard to tell if it is infact hardware or software . since it is happening at certain intervals my guess is hardware . if it is happening with a certain 3rd party application you should have nothing to worry about . also , have you upgraded the latest version of jelly bean ? if so and the problem is still persisting i would recommend returning it and getting a replacement as i have never encountered any issue with touch sensitivity . the nexus 7 's capacitive touch screen is supposed to be incredible sensitive as just by meerely touching it should register a tap .
call recorder by developer named skvalex is one such application . you may need to install alsa mixer as well , depending on your device or kernel .
try too clean the plug on your phone with a thin needle or brush . i had the same problem than you did , and clening it up solved the problem you can have a look there : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6p0eg-yq3a . if you to this cautiously with proper tools , there is no risk for you to damage the phone .
i think the usb port of your phone is defective . imo it is best you get it replaced while warranty is still active ( samsung offers one year warranty )
what steps have you undertaken to resolve the problem ? some suggestions : try restarting the phone try removing the network entry ( "forget network" ) , then add it again . please make sure that you have the necessary information to reconnect before doing this . edit : related question
did you backup your stock rom prior doing the upgrade ? i had this happen to me where i backed up the current rom to , what i thought was , the external sd card , but it was infact the built-in sd card . the naming of endpoint exposed in clockworkmod recovery ( cwm ) led me to believe i was using the sd card . i backups were not visible in the file explorer , needed to drop back into cwm to delete the bad backup and re-backup on the actual external sd card .
the android device manager application has access to many device permissions . some of those allow it enable gps capabilities in order to find out the device 's current location . once you enable it on your phone , you can log into adm 's web site , and provided your device currently has internet connectivity , you can send a request to your phone to retrieve this information and send it to google 's servers . google then displays see this information on a live map . as described in the help section of adm 's website , you can also choose to provide the phone number to dial once you lock the device remotely ( it can be any number that you currently have access to . ) this information is then sent to the phone , and is displayed on the lock screen with a dial button . you can also choose to wipe your device , in which case google will remotely instruct the adm app that is installed on your device to perform a full factory reset ( including wiping the contents of removable storage . ) in terms of privacy issues , it is definitely a trade-off . by using apps like android device manager ( there are plenty of alternatives as well , ) you are trusting that application 's developers with your location data . in return there is a small chance that you will be able to retrieve a lost or stolen phone , or at the very least erase your private data off of it . in this case you place your trust in google , since they are developing adm .
download ical import export 2.2 from the play store and you can backup the calendar on your phone . move the file to your pc and follow the instructions here : https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37118?hl=en to upload to your google calendar online . or maybe you can just turn sync on ? that i do not know . but create the backup first if you try it ! good luck
just use this app , it will delete your duplicates https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.accacihl=en
there is no way to control the blink speed in the os itself . however , light flow provides a plethora of options for colour , flash rate , etc . there are probably other equivalent apps too .
i do not know that there is a definite way to answer this . it would be almost entirely dependent on how exactly the app was attempting to infect your phone and how successful its attempts were . in the simplest case , maybe the app is sniffing data or something of that sort . for that case , uninstalling would basically remove the threat since the app would be gone . nothing is left behind when you uninstall , including the /data directories for the app . slightly more complex would be an app that put a malicious payload somewhere on your system 's publicly writeable storage . in that case removing the app would not necessarily be enough , depending on what exactly the payload did and how it was designed . uninstalling could potentially cause the malicious code to become inert on reboot since the app may need to fire up a service on boot , but that is hard to say . formatting your sd card and doing a factory reset would probably clean it up in its entirety . the most nefarious case would be an app that gained elevated privileges on your device , either through an exploit or effective social engineering in which you grant access yourself . in that case a factory reset would not necessarily be enough , since the entirety of the /system partition would be unaffected . if the app were to stick a payload on /system then the only way you could really be sure you are clean is if you completely wiped all of the internal memory of the device and then reinstalled a new rom , i would say . even worse would be if it somehow managed to write a malicious bootloader or something of that nature , since in some circumstances it is possible to write to the bootloader partition from userspace ( given proper permissions ) .
i had the same issue . i created a new folder and moved a file that end with a non media format , in my case a . bin file i downloaded and then i unmounted my sd card and then remount it and then used the app rescan to kick media scan opend gallery and it was all there . i did all that you did and then some . did not even reboot . just create a new folder at the root of my external sd card named dloads and look for anything that could be consider a system file like . bin . ini . nomedia and so on , only file was my router system setting back up i did gatewaysetting . bin and moved it . left all other like pdf files , mp3 , picture , gifs and so on .
i also found this issue for 2 days . i usually like to have both quickpic and gallery . as i like gallery slide show . for other features i prefer quickpic . but for last 2 two days it stuck at less num pictures . so i tried clear cache/data of app and media scanner . that b'com even worser . i end up with no image shown . i fixed the problem by renaming the DCIM folder to something else , say DCIMM . then i started gallery and all the images showed up . after that , i could rename the folder back to DCIM and everything was fine .
this trick did not work for me . so , i did what the system should have done with the . nomedia file present . i moved all of my photos to a hidden folder ( with a . before the name ) and removed the dcim folder . then , i looked for all instances of the . nomedia file ( root explorer helped ) and deleted them . rebooted the phone . started gallery . waited for 10 minutes . voila ! gallery showed every little image file that was on /sdcard . to remove the files that i did not want to see , i copied the . nomedia file from a random system folder and pasted it into all the folders that i did not want indexed . strangely though , moving even one of the original /sdcard/dcim/camera files from the hidden folder into the current camera folder took gallery down . stranger that this also made the internal storage show a blank window when i connected the phone to my laptop . almost positive that this has to do with jellybean creating a /storage/sdcard0 folder that is linked to the older /sdcard folder . looking it up and will post updates if i find any . update : the same trick works for paranoid android 's jellybean roms ( even the latest 2.13 ) for the galaxy nexus . something to do with the dcim folder and how it is handled by media storage . a linux-geek friend of mine confirms this has to do with the /sdcard0 symlinking . although , why we need something like that is beyond my limited knowledge of the os .
this behaviour is not uncommon , sadly . i use sdrescan to fix it usually . here are some other questions targeting the same underlying problem : the music player keeps displaying deleted songs . how do i remove them or refresh the library ? picture gallery slow and won&#39 ; t refresh on htc g2 w android 2.3 gingerbread
typically the apps themselves will need to provide a setting wherein you can pick a notification sound to use . i am not aware of any global settings that will allow you to set per-app notification sounds . as an example , in gmail you can go into the settings ( use the overflow menu - the 3 vertical dots - and select " settings" ) and select an account from the list . then within the account 's settings tap on the notification setting right under the " email notifications " checkbox . this will allow you to pick a different ringtone for emails on that account . you can then repeat this process for any other apps you have installed .
es file explorer is one that can use the secure ftp protocol over ssh protocol . to get the settings , from es file explorer : hit menu key , show tabs , local , lan , ftp , net appears tap on ftp then tap on new that appears underneath , a dialog box will appear prompting the different ftp types , tap on sftp enter the details of the ssh server that hosts the secure ftp protocol es file explorer will remember the next time , so tap on the server , and then you can browse the file system of the remote server and upload/download files
hardware-wise , the ntt docomo ( sc-04d ) and the version sold on google play store ( gt-i9250 ) are identical . you should be able to use one of the " maguro " takju factory images ( ics or jb . ) definitely do not use the cdma/lte image .
i do not believe there is a way to do this as stock , since the photos taken are stored temporarily and are deleted as soon as post-processing is complete . if you want to develop your own solution to this by creating a ' hook ' for the opensource app " focal " which has the same features as the stock camera . ( focal : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fr.xplod.focalhl=en )
see if google search is somehow disabled in the list of apps . alternatively , ensure that the latest version of google search has been installed in your device . i am assuming of course , that google now is a supported feature in your country .
a factory reset does not wipe the rom files , only the user data , so you can not have " uninstalled the rom " that way . having a locked bootloader does not stop you flashing a rom : it just limits you to official roms signed by the manufacturer ( or possibly by the carrier ) . so even if you can not or do not want to unlock the bootloader , you can still flash the stock rom in the usual way from the recovery , if you can obtain a backup of it .
in the dialer in stock ics and jellybean it only uses the following : pause : ' , ' - pauses then sends the remaining digits wait : ' ; ' - waits for you to confirm sending of the remaining digits .
if you are willing to go with a 3rd party app , i would recommend handcent sms . it goes a step further by allowing you to assign specific vibration patterns to different contacts .
go to messaging . select setting . go to notification settings . there you have an option to switch on vibration for notifications .
sounds like a bad download . i would delete it if you can and try again , or download and upgrade manually . for 2.2.1 , try following this post at androidandme . if it was 2.3 you might want to wait , google has said it would not be released for the n1 till after the holidays ( example ) so it might have been a mistake .
yes , you should be able to install a wifi only rom manually , i`ve just gone to ics with 3g and its great . found these links useful : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfhwd2nxw1u http://www.icsforums.com/forum/showthread/6398 http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/motorola_xoom hope this helps
take a look on android web developer . i am developer of this application . with this app you can see the result in application or in external browser ( e . g . chrome ) other features : support all major web languages and formats : php , javascript , css , html a lot of ways to reach your project ( ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav and growing ) code highlighting code completion error checking hardware keyboard support ( e . g hotkeys ) code beautifying with one click tablet ready ui line numbering quick preview of your page highlighting the current line search and replace with regular expressions unlimited undo/redo full screen mode recent projects periodical autosaving rename/create/delete/copy-paste files inside you project hope it helps .
sure . first find a text editor that you like , then launch the editor and open the html file . many editors will also show up as an option in the launch menu for html files if you open them from a file browser , so you may be able to just find your html file in your file browser and select your text editor when you open it . edit : per your comments , if you are looking for an " open with " style menu then i can recommend file expert . you can long press on any file and it will give you an " open with " option which allows you to choose from the list of your installed applications . there might be other file managers that do this , too , but i am not sure . astro has " open as " which is a bit more limited since it gives you a list of applications based on the file type you choose ( text , music , video , image ) .
use the touchqode app to see a nice code editor including syntax highlighting , a special keyboard and code recommendation .
sorry buddy . factory reset does the trick . . . usually this is required when switching between rom versions , and the gapps xda page mentions also that to flash a new gapps you need to format the /system partition , data , and dalvik .
currently i can only find customization options through mods or other updates to the rom . for example : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1999125 it would really be great if stock android 4.2 would provide functionality to add tiles , re-order tiles or change the function of long/short taps on tiles . this issue has some of those feature enhancement requests : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40285
if there is still anyone interested in getting the answer , the best i know is by using notification toggle by j4velin . it can be customized to display toggles ( wi-fi , bluetooth , etc ) or to launch apps .
this can be done in android 4.1.2 especially in samsung galaxy note 2 . Settings-&gt; Display-&gt; Notification Panel . then drag and adjust required combinations .
i found some encoding issues when dealing with vcards , but generally , i was able to open any vcard file with the native contact manager application , have you tried to open the file with your computer ? the vcard is a text format file , so the image is encoded in base64 ( characters ) if you open any vcard with a notepad , you will be able to see the contact picture encoded with characters . this is a sample vcard : BEGIN:VCARD VERSION:2.1 N:Anders;Maria FN:Maria Anders ORG:Alfreds Futterkiste TEL;TYPE=WORK:030-0074321 NOTE:Very Funny! END:VCARD  so . . . to give you an answer , android should handle vcards natively , without any special configuration . i am running android 4 . x as well , and it works as expected . in my opinion , the issue is about how iphone encodes the vcard . you can try downloading this vcard file : i 's been tested on many android devices
yes , that seems to be a typo : the conditions should be If %WIFI ~ on and If %WIFI !~ on ( or If %WIFI ~ off ) . the %wifi variable can only be on or off , not toggle . but the wifi action can be used to enable , disable or toggle wifi , i.e. if wifi is enabled , it will be disabled , and if wifi is disabled , it will be enabled . the example ( minus the typo ) talks about creating a " toggle wifi " widget : if wifi is on and you click the icon , wifi will be disabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is off " icon . and if wifi is off and you click the icon , wifi will be enabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is on " icon .
please check my question Unable to connect Samsung Galaxy (Tab-2) GT-P3100 to Computer via USB and its answer too . it is defiantly helpful to you . . .
apparently themes on cyanogenmod are controlled by an app called . . . theme chooser . i did not even know they were customizable , and had never opened the app before ( and i would expect such a thing to be in the settings , not in an app ) . anyway , mine was on the " system " theme , which is green , and i can easily change it back to the " cyanbread " theme , which is the blue one i am used to . i do not know how or why it changed , but it is easy enough to fix once you learn where they are configured , and does not seem as big of a deal as i thought .
the colours are not the only difference . your second screenshot also has a dark background to each shortcut 's label , and a different graphic for the tray at the bottom . the combination of graphical changes to the launcher , changes to systemui , and different-coloured icons for system apps like the browser , makes me say the second screenshot is of a different version of cyanogenmod , or a different rom completely . could you or someone else have flashed a new rom onto your phone ? if you are not sure , go into the settings app , click about device and read the version information on that screen .
note that google play terms of service prohibits sharing of accounts by multiple person ( it allows sharing between multiple devices owned by the same person ) . with that said , the play store does support multiple accounts , however multiple accounts means that you will also share gmail , calendar , etc , which means you probably will have to create a third account specifically created for sharing .
that will not help , at least in most cases not . purchased apps are bound to the account they are purchased with , and an online license check is applied on them . so as soon as you " switch back " , and the app checks it is license , it will de-activate itself ( or at least refuse to work ) . it might work however as long as the account is still present on the device , though it is not the primary . so you could both have each other 's account configured on your devices in addition to your own . but then you also need to take care what you synchronize etc . i am not sure if that would be worth it , considered that most apps are free , and the payed ones usually come for cheap . edit : as posted at the same time , i just saw lie 's answer . to avoid syncing each other 's data , if you really want to go for it , the " third account " might in fact be the best option .
after looking over at the xda developers forums where the dev and others talk and problem solve for this module of xposed framework , your answer is there is no a way for tasker to enable and disabled the functionality of xvoice+ . i could describe for you an indirect way to achieve what you are looking for through simulating taps and swipes , if you are interested . if you are please post the phone you are using , android version , tasker version , xposed modules and tasker plugins you have installed . if my answer solves your problem please do not forget to mark it ask the answer as i am trying to build up rep as i am new .
take a look at this thread over at xda-developers forum . someone wrote a java app to extract the contacts out of the . sbf file into vcard files , which are a lot easier to deal with . also , in the same thread people report that with the latest version of kies you can execute a restore without having a samsung phone connected to the pc , and extract the contents . i personally have not tried either method , so please let us know if they work for you .
in the latest version o kies you select your device in the tree , then go to tab " back up/restore " and click " restore " . unfortunately you can not restore just something , you should restore everything . . .
i wrote a program which extracts contacts and calendar data . https://lord-luncher.de/ i am happy about feedback .
if you are referring to the headphone output rather than the speaker , then you could use an app such as " headset button controller " link to play store trial . i have the paid version on my phone , and i like it a lot . it allows you to set up button controls for various apps , but it also has a nice feature that allows you to set the default volume when you plug in the headset . you can set the minimum and maximum , also , but this would only work with a headset like the iphone 's , with volume control that controls the phone .
go to Settings-&gt;Sony Ericsson-&gt;Connectivity and un-check Auto connect in MSC .
i am going to try to give an answer that applies both to the nyt app and to apps in general . the short answer is make sure that you setup both phones with the same google account and sign into your nyt account in the app . if an app is properly designed ( and i would assume that the nyt app is ) then user settings , such as favorites , should get transferred to your new phone automatically . some apps use the data backup/transfer functionality that is built into android , which relies on you setting up both phones with the same google account . some apps instead sync user data to their own servers , which typically relies on your signing into the app with their account . the nyt does have its own system of users accounts and allows you to sign into your account in their android phone app ( oddly , this is missing in their android tablet app ) . if an app does not implement either of these then you should give it a low rating ( using the built-in android data backup/transfer functionality is super easy so apps really should implement it ) . the principle exception to this is cases where your data is very large , i.e. media files , in which case the app should provide functionality or instructions to assist you in moving your data .
titanium backup ( requires root ) is able to back up and restore app data .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
you can remove the " no sim " notification from the galaxy s3 s4 and note 3 by adding an entry to your build . prop . you need root to do this . i recommend using jrummy 's build prop editor . once you have installed it , launch the app and click the bottom right icon ( a + sign ) . in the first box you can enter a description like so ( this is optional ) : # Remove "No SIM" from notification bar  in the second box , enter : ro.config.donot_nosim= true  then save and reboot . if the " no sim " popup still shows , or you get the " no sim " notification icon , then look for an entry that reads : ro.config.tima=1  and change that to : ro.config.donot_nosim= true  if that still does not work , try removing ro.config.tima=1 or set it to 0 instead of 1 . you can also add sys.hiddenmenu.enable=1 to enable the hidden menu if it is not already in your build . prop .
turn on airplane mode . it will turn off wifi unless you need wifi then i do not know what else to do .
you should checkout mantistouch which provides an interface that is designed from the ground up for mobile devices including android , ios and windows phone . you can use mantistouch via the proxy at http://mantisbt.mobi or you can install on your owner server . the advantage of mantistouch is the it works across a wide variety of devices and its license covers all users associated with your mantisbt instance including your team and your customers . rather than having to buy an app per user . for more details checkout http://www.mantisbt.org/mantistouch.php
i have a android app for mantis bug tracker ready . i will be releasing it soon . in case you want to have a preview , do send me a message . soon i will be posting an url for android market . update : the android app for mantis has been released and can be downloaded from - https://market.android.com/details?id=greatdevelopers.mantis disclaimer : i am not advertising my app . i am just informing you that something like that is available . for more details contact me . in case the community feels this is not correct , i will
probably you can use mantisconnect . it has got a java client as well . more info can be had on here : http://www.futureware.biz/mantisconnect/downloads.php http://sourceforge.net/projects/mantisconnect/files/java%20client%20api/1.1.1.1/
from my answer on the when will dual core android phones start to become available ? question , there is a good comparison of the hummingbird vs snapdragon processor systems here . hummingbird is a system made by qualcomm and used in phones like the nexus one and htc desire , the snapdragon is made by samsung and used in devices like the galaxy s and galaxy tab . omap is another system chip brand , this one by texas instruments and used in phones like the motorola droid and the palm pre . all of three of those are " system on a chip " systems , where the cpu , some memory , and some other processors like the graphics procesing unit , digital signal processors or wireless signal processing unit are all built into the same chip . building all of this into a single chip instead of having all the individual capabilities spread out across separate chips gives a lot of savings in power usage , size and space used inside a phone . the cpu inside all of them uses the arm processor architecture , which is a standard set of instructions and abilities that the cpu follows . as do the iphone 's processors , the iphone 4 's processor is also made by samsung and is very similar to the snapdragon processors used in galaxy s 's . other processor architectures that you may have heard of are the intel x86 processor architecture , or the amd64 , one of which is probably powering the machine you are reading this at .
what android version are you on ? i have got eclair ( on a motorola phone ) and i can just type in the address bar to search . i thought it might be motoblur , but i tried an eclair emulator image and had the same functionality . what happens when you hit the search button while the browser is running ?
dolphin browser hd allows you to search google from the address bar , and it shows suggestions as you type . it does not explicitly say that it has this feature but i use it all the time . if you type something in the address bar that is not a web address and hit go it will automatically search , just like chrome does .
opera mini places a google search bar near the url bar . this is not exactly what i was looking for but it is a potential alternative .
this looks like what you want . basically , any rom that says it is a " gpe " rom or a " google play edition " rom will be what you are after . to get the google apps you will need to flash a gapps package such as the paranoidandroid ones - you can just choose the " stock " package . flash those after flashing the rom and you will have a pre-rooted , dev version rom .
i found out that all the apps missing have an . asec file in the . android_secure folder on the sd card , however the . android_secure folder itself is there . on linux i wrote : cp sdbackup/* /media/disk -r  it copies all folders , and their content , recursively . except for the hidden folders in sdbackup , e.g. : sdbackup/.android_secure sdbackup/.doubleTwist  hidden folders in the hierarchy are copied however . so now i managed by subsequently copying each hidden folder : cp sdbackup/* /media/disk -r cp sdbackup/.android_secure* /media/disk -r cp sdbackup/.astro* /media/disk -r etc  and now everything is fine .
my solution , using windows , was to format the new card with the same file system ( fat32 ) and allocation unit size ( in this case , 4k ) . to determine allocation unit size on windows , go to the command prompt , go to the drive letter that the new meida card is on , and type chkdsk . allocation unit size will be displayed near the bottom of the results . to format , in windows explorer right click on the drive letter of the new card and then click on format . it should be obvious from there . the quick format option worked for me . as for copying files , i had no problem with hidden files . straight copy worked for me .
i use an app called app manager by amazing droid ( search pub:"amazing droid " on market ) which is free and allows you to do batch backups to sd and batch installs from sd ( and also batch uninstalls ) . the backup places the . apk files into a known location on your sd card so you can copy them off to another device .
android 2.2 introduces the app sharing app which is installed by default . i think this might be what you are looking for , however you will need a froyo device . for earlier versions you could use the app " bluetooth file transfer " to share the apk files , if you have these available on your memory card for example .
as you said , there is no official ics for galaxy mini . but cyanogenmod 10 and 10.1 work on the galaxy mini . i am using cyanogenmod 10.1 rc5 . it is a jelly bean rom , but it works perfectly with my mini . you can find it on xda-developers .
the ics will not support to the galaxy mini or galaxy pop
the offical ics does not work on galaxy mini . but we can run it by cyanogenmod . i have tried it everything works fine . it has both pros and cons pros 1 . you can feel the ics os very good . 2 . nice graphics cons 1 . battry life will be redused 2 . memory will not be suffician to run apps that support in ics speed of phone will be redused considerably
there is an rsync in the market , which i use to backup my sdcard to my home server routinely ( via its tasker integration ) . from there , its a simple matter of adding it to the existing backup system . rsync itself can also be configured to keep backups . finally , if you have a rooted phone , i suppose you could format your sdcard as ext4 , or partition it to also have an ext4 partition . then you had be able to use file permissions . of course , you had need ext4 drivers to use usb disk mode , so pretty much you had have to use linux .
sd cards are almost always formatted as fat , which means that the os cannot set filesystem permissions . in other words , you cannot protect individual files . and you can only protect the sd card as a whole by not installing apps that access it . i recommend frequent backups and testing out new apps thoroughly , possibly by using another sd card with unimportant or backed-up data on it .
i have never heard of an app that formats the sdcard . the permission to modify the sdcard is so the application can " read/write " data to the sdcard . if you have an app that formats your sdcard , i would report the issue to the developer , plus to the android market .
quicksshd works on rooted and non-rooted phones . there are some limitations on non-rooted phones ( running on port 2222 instead of 22 , etc . ) , but other than this , i have yet to see any problem with it on any device ( tested from 1.6 through 2.1 to 4.1 ) . costs approx . us$1.5
i got it . after doing a simple restart " dcim " appeares as a normal folder . i still do not know what was causing this problem .
once a device is unlocked from its carrier no update will re-lock your device . it is permanently unlocked .
it depends . is it factory sim-unlocked , has it been unlocked through official channels , or has it been hack-unlocked ? if it is either of the first two , you should be fine through any software updates . if it is been hacked unlocked though , i would be careful of updates until someone confirms it working .
if you type on a terminal console : ls -l /d lrwxrwxrwx root root 2013-01-01 01:00 d -&gt; /sys/kernel/debug/  meaning /d is a symlink to that other folder , probably there for compatibility with old versions . so now the question is : what is /sys/kernel/debug/ ? that folder is used to mount debugfs filesystem and it is used , as the name suggests , to debug kernel . kernel must be compiled with config_debug_fs option set to yes , so that is maybe the reason why some phones have files in it and some do not . one important thing to note is that debugfs is a ram based filesystem , so afaik it is using ram space not disk space . more info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/debugfs
documents to go has support for downloading , editing and syncing your google docs from your device . the initial sync is slow and saving to google docs sometimes fails , but support is there .
we can now edit google docs with our mobile with the official app : ) more information can be found in this blog entry from the official google documents blog .
i also found out this one as an alternative : http://sites.google.com/site/gdocsforandroid/
there are apps out there now that should make it easier to use google docs on your phone but an official app will be out soon according to cnet news . google docs coming to ipad , android
i am not sure if you as end-user could really fix the underlying problem . that is why it is always a good idea to send those bug reports that are ( sometimes ) shown after a force close occurs . but what you could try is to delete the application data , but this will eventually result in losing all your messages . go to the preferences -> manage applications -> choose the application -> delete application data
i use the gemini calendar app , and it seems to sync back to your google account . it does , however , require the stock google calendar app , which based on your question , may pose a problem .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
i use documento - office viewer to open xps files .
there is an app called ebookdroid
mupdf supports viewing xps and is free : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artifex.mupdfdemo
i am looking for an xps reader too . two points . first , google docs viewer supports . xps files ( getting to know the google docs viewer ) but google docs mobile viewer does not , per my experience and this support page ( viewing files from within google docs ) . i spent time trying because this cached page ' s article title is google docs mobile viewer for android , iphone , ipad has been released and has this list of tags that made me think i would found a solution . article tags:xps android , xps viewer android , android xps , xps viewer for android , android xps viewer , android xps reader , xps reader android second , perhaps if enough people show interest there will be an xps viewer available from the android market . i added to the android market xps viewer feature request thread .
unfortunately , it does not look like there is support for reading xps documents on android products as of yet . but there are nice little utilities , like xps to image converter that will allow you to convert them to images or pdf files viewable on your android device .
after much torment and due to an unfortunate accident , i went ahead and purchased one . the answer is : tilde close screen tap the input area long press a click tilde backtick ( grave ) close screen tap the input area long press apostrophe realize that you were pressing the voice search button since the apostrophe button is so small and cramped , so cancel the voice search repeat 3 until success click backtick this is a major pain . i may just make an alternate soft keyboard for myself that just has those two buttons .
i honestly don ' think they characters can be typed with the sidekick hardware keyboard . as for the software keyboard , it would depend on the one you are using , but most likely would be close to this : switch to numbers / symbols press the alt key press the &nbsp ; `&nbsp ; or &nbsp ; ~&nbsp ; key
did you remember to switch to swype from the default keyboard ? press and hold inside any text box ( like google search , for example ) . a pop-up should come up with one or more options . select the " input method " option and then select " swype " .
no idea about other apps but angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files if you copy over the contents to a separate location , then re-install angry birds and move back the old save data into the same location after re-installing angry birds , you should have the same save state .
there is an app called tango it allows video-calling to mobile from a pc . it also supports 3g phones too . its really good and free worldwide .
this article describes the next release of skype for android ( v . 2.1 ) which now supports 17 phones on video chat . the answer before was directing to other services or modified versions of skype , but this is official , so i thought i would post it .
since you are rooted , you could also try the newest version of google talk . it is not officially supported but i use it on my evo just fine ( i run cyanogenmod 7 , though ) . oovoo has a desktop client and a mobile app , enabling mobile to pc video calls ( supports the evo , but have not tried it myself ) . there also appears to be a plugin for the yahoo ! messenger app which enables video chat between mobiles or with the pc client . again , i have not tried this one myself , but it seems to be the least restrictive about what devices it supports . edit : it looks like there is a thread on xda where people are talking about skype with video on the evo . might be something helpful there .
/data/system/dropbox is not part of " dropbox " it is part of the android os dropboxmanager ( not related at all to " dropbox" ) . this puts data from application crashes and kernel logs and such in this log directory . i know the market uses this directory ( see #4 ) as well , probably to report application crashes . you could probably remove the data in this directory , but do not delete the directory and you may see logcat errors from parts of the os/apps looking for specific files in this directory . edit : i deleted everything from this folder and rebooted my device afterwards , i had no issues with any applications , and it actually freed up some space on the device .
i finally gave up on the stock email client for android 4.0 because of this problem and others . now i use enhanced email and i love it . its screen-real-estate-efficient ui is based on the gingerbread client and the dev team is very responsive to user suggestions and feedback . and it does not kill battery life like touchdown .
the human users of the phone do not correspond to different linux users . the human users are identified only within android itself , not to apps . android provides a completely separate environment to the app for each user - a little like a linux chroot - so the app does not have to worry about separate users . when a new user runs the app , it just looks like a fresh install on a new device , because it is given a brand new data directory , separate from those it is given for other users .
the problem is with the kernel . i had also faced this problem before and got out of the boot loop . follow the instructions given below . download the stock firmware from www.sammobile.com download heimdall suite . extract the firmware package and copy the zimage file into the heimdall suite directory . install the driver for the phone . boot the phone into download mode by pressing volume down + home button + power . connect the phone to the computer using the usb cable supplied along with the phone . open command prompt and change the directory to heimdall suite . now type heimdall flash --kernel zImage a blue bar will come on the screen . after the flash is complete , the phone will reboot normally . after the reboot , go to the apps screen to check if the superuser app is installed . if superuser is installed , your phone is rooted . to install cyanogenmod , follow the following instructions : copy the rom to a folder in the sd card . copy the zimage file provided by cyanogenmod into the heimdall suite directory . boot the phone into download mode . connect the phone to the computer . open command prompt . change the directory to heimdall suite and flash the kernel using the following command : heimdall flash --kernel zImage the phone will reboot and go into a bootloop . turn off the phone by removing the battery . boot the phone into recovery mode by holding volume up + home button + power . now flash the rom using the method mentioned here you will now have cyanogenmod installed on your phone .
edit honestly , i am not 100% sure that this was really a problem related to the kernel . i think that the " problem " could be also caused by the fact that pressing the home key in recovery mode results in a reboot . the correct way to select a recovery item is to press the power button . original post i had the same issue two days ago . the problem was the kernel . after switching to the kernel that was mentioned a few wiki changes before it worked like a charm . kernel : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/aries/gt-i9000/root/hardcore-speedmod-i9000.zip md5: afccda1f4efb560398dd5bc107bb7a69 i even ( re- ) added this information but it was again reverted . :- (
not all carriers support this . and android does not show this by default imho . if you are still with the same provider and in the same area , you might want to check your app drawer . some have an app called " cell info " pre-installed ( i have it e.g. on my lg optimus 4x – but in my area this feature is not supported ) . alternatively , you might want to look for some location widgets you could place on your home screen . several weather widgets also display your current location along with the weather reports . if the notification area would suffice , you also could take a look at gps notification or gps status and toolbox . these apps display your current position in the notification area as long as gps is turned on ( not sure whether you can configure that to city/street , as i did not try them out ) . gps notification ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) another possibility would be " self-made widgets " using e.g. zooper or uccw . again , i did not try one of those , so i cannot say for sure whether they would go down to street level . but at least those widgets would go directly to your homescreen , and you can customize them heavily .
you can remove it from the list by just swiping it off . i do not know how to permanently remove it from the list , though .
i just tested it while writhing those steps and it is working if your phone is rooted . if you need a method without root , just ask me and i will try to do some test . download tasker and open it then go in the preferences and uncheck the beginner mode . go back in tasker and open the " profile " tab then click on the + symbol . if tasker ask for a name , give it a name like " launch camera " and click on the check , then click on the + symbol and choose " application " . choose the camera . use the top left arrow to go back . select " new task " if it ask you for a name give it a name like launch camera . click on the + symbol and type " kill " then select " kill app " and select the camera . check " use root " use the top left arrow to go back . click on the + symbol and select " app " then " launch app " and select the camera . check exclude from recent apps and then use the top left arrow to go back . use the top left arrow to go back one more time . click on the 3 dots at the top right of the screen and select " exit " then select " save first " launch your camera app and see if it is working .
judging from the fact that you are seeing previews of recent apps , i am assuming your sgs2 is running android 4.0 ( or ablove ) . i do not believe you can exclude apps from " recent " list out of the box . this might be one of the few legitimate uses for the task killer kinds of apps . basically if you set the task killer to always terminate the " camera " or " gallery " apps , they should stop appearing in android 's recent apps list . * * [ correction ] : the above statement turned out to be incorrect on jelly bean ( android 4.1 ) . task-ending an app does not remove it from the " recent " list .
you can use tasker ! when you launch an app with tasker , you can specify to exclude the app from the recent apps . you could create a button that launch the camera app in excluded mode .
try putting sh in front of your command , eg . : sh ./scp  or sh -c ./scp 
emulator app should be able to run another app from its own directory . that directory is called something like /data/data/com.super.emulator . try giving the full path to the app you want in emulator . if you want to get a compiler for android , you can use ndk . easy to get , free to use . can not you also push your file to /system/bin via adb ? i do not know if you get that permission when you root your device . but if that is the case , it should make your life much easier .
if you are rooted ( i see you are ) , use the su command and then run your original script . if the problem is permissions , this should fix it . and if you are using a shell script , you can just add this line to it at the top . you might have to check your supersu settings ( or whichever superuser app you have with root ) , and make sure your terminal emulator has root permissions . if you are not rooted ( or can not run as root for some reason ) , i suggest looking into how xbmc does it , as i believe it can run apps in user mode . good luck .
most likely you can not run the program because of libraries on the device you ripped it from being missing from the device you copied it to . since your end goal is to compile a program and run it natively on the phone , might i suggest you use the android ndk ? the ndk documentation includes STANDALONE-TOOLCHAIN.HTML which explains how to cross-compile a native program to run on your android device .
i have installed 4.1.2 jelly bean xxemd2 firmware from the scratch . it is working now instructions : http://port135.com/2013/06/30/708/
apparently it was some bug in the app itself , i had to clink the options , go to more , and there select recreate scripts , then it asked me what file system was the second partition , restarted , and it worked just fine after it . and all of that without card reader , like they are suggesting everywhere
according link2sd page , also the second partition should be primary : you should have two partitions on sd card and both should be primary . the first fat partition is your standard sd card storage . the second partition is used for application files and can be ext2 , ext3 , ext4 or fat32 . check if the second partition ( the first one can not be used to link apps ) is primary and not an extended partition .
you may need to re-enable syncing of your google contacts . here 's a simple guide on how to do that : http://www.wikihow.com/sync-google-contacts-with-android . also , the contacts may be on your phone , but not set to display . to fix this , go into your contacts list , hit the menu/options button , and open " contacts to display " . make sure that your gmail contact list is enabled in this menu . finally , if those do not work , check this link : https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/gmail/zcwhbp5d9h4
your guess is wrong . anti-virus applications on android are completely unrelated . there are two ways that google finds and removes dodgy apps and malware from google play . reports by users every play store page has a " report " button . google investigates apps that are reported , whether that is for copyright or trademark issues , violating their policy about content ( e . g . pornography ) , for breaking their other policies ( e . g . invasive ads , interfering with other apps ) , or for being malware or scams . automatic scans google play now automatically scans apps that are added by developers , hoping to detect dodgy apps like these before they can hurt users or cause problems . for obvious reasons , google does not disclose details of what kind of scans they perform or how the technology works . if a user has a malware app and it is detected by an anti-virus program , the user might choose to report it to google play themselves ( if the malware came from there ) , but that is the only part that anti-virus apps on smartphones play in the process .
the best option you can use open the menu in play store and then go to settings and then mark the notification:notify me about updates to apps or games that i downloaded and then you will get the notification and update them whenever you want to . also unmark the auto-update apps so it will never update them automatically .
if you are asking about updating apps from the google play store , the latest version ( v3.10.9 as of this writing ) does not have an option for that . if you are talking about updating content within apps themselves , this depends on each app . most apps that connect to the internet to refresh their content have controls of some sort that allow you to specify the updating frequency based on time of day , and sometimes based on wifi state . it may be possible to implement refreshing based on charging state ( possibly might need root privileges ) , but that functionality is up to the developers .
there is no way to do this , except to only select to manually update apps , and them update them when you have your charger connected . there is no way to automatically restrict them .
most likely this is a bug in the rom you are using . cyanogenmod nightly builds are unstable and often have missing functionality : they are not recommended for everyday use , only for testing . try updating your rom to a more stable build of cyanogenmod , if one is available .
these sites also proved quite helpful in learning to manually flash a rom to an android phone device , in case anyone ever has to that him or herself : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide http://wiki.yobi.be/wiki/android#restoring_.28most_of.29_factory_rom_.282.3.3.29_with_fastboot the first is particularly useful for learning some critical " . /fastboot " syntax and the second one is primarily useful for learning that to flash a complete android system , you must , after backing up your old one , flash the system . img , recovery . img , and boot . img that are created from the android code buidling process . note : from my quest to learn how to do this , i learned there are actually many ways to actually flash to your phone ( including the solution presented by ce4 )
it is possible to inject your system . img into a previous nandroid backup done from clockworkmod and then restore that backup with the new system . img . prerequisites : installed clockworkmod recovery desired system . img saved onto sdcard do a fresh nandroid backup to install the new system . img : boot to recovery create a nandroid backup to let 's say /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup/ [ currenttimestamp ] / replace /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup/ [ currenttimestamp ] /system . img with your new one compute the md5sum of your new system . img update the md5sum in the system . img line in /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup/ [ currenttimestamp ] /nandroid . md5 file with the value from [ 4 . ] restore your altered backup if needed , do a wipe
try putting the device in discovery mode before you sync it on your phone . i ran into the same issue and that is how i resolve it .
another way is , go to settings -> apps slide to " all " category and choose " bluetooth share " scroll down a bit , click " clear defaults " this way you can reset any " do not ask me again " or " use this as default " of any app .
historically , in order to promote battery life , apple did not let the apps run in the background ( until ios 4.0 release in june 2010 ) , but did provide this apns ( apple push notification service ) , which would let the app developers implement certain client functionality on their own third-party servers , which would then push the notification messages to apple 's central notification system ( available since ios 3.0 release in june 2009 ) . as such , anyone who would have wanted to write an app with any kind of background notifications at all during the whole ios 3 availability window , would have had to have apns support implemented , else , their app would have had no multitasking at all . it would appear that this has never been the case in the android land . per my understanding , google 's take on apns &mdash ; gcm &mdash ; google cloud messaging &mdash ; has not really taken off yet , probably because running out of battery in one day is not as evident as not having the background-notifications functionality at all , and the apns/gcm architectures require the app developers to themselves run the extra servers on their own side , which is obviously not free , either , and would certainly require extra engineering and complexity , for achieving something that is not entirely obvious to the naked eye . additionally , according to a question on stackexchange , gcm is a second incarnation of google 's take on apns , where the first one , now discontinued , was called c2dm ( cloud to device messaging framework ) . it would appear that c2dm had quotas , which were then abolished with subsequent gcm . the exact dates on the introduction of gcm and c2dm are not clear , however , their device-side parts would appear to be backwards compatible , since they both claim to support android 2.2 and above . android 2.2 " froyo " was first made available may 2010 .
i am not aware of any adapter for apple 's connector . but if you are open to alternatives , maybe i can introduce you to a solution i am currently using : on my android device , i have installed bubbleupnp . as the name suggests , this app is dealing with dlna/upnp : it is a client , a server , and a control point at the same time – which gives you multiple options , provided the " other end " supports dlna : you can access your android device from the other end , and select the titles ( music , movies ) you want to stream from it you could do the same thing the other way around if the " big one " can act as a " media renderer " , you can use bubbleupnp to tell it what to play i lately used it in the last described way : browsing my tablet , selecting a video , and telling my tv to play that – all from the tablet . the first way also worked pretty well : from my tv , i browsed my media gallery , and selected an entire directory of photos to be played as slideshow . same would of course work for music . and that would even do with my receiver , without turning on the tv .
looks like you will need a 3.5mm connector to ipod proprietary 40-pin converter . there are some available on ebay here : http://www.ebay.com/bhp/ipod-female-connector ( note -- this link is temporary once the items are sold ; if someone finds a permalink to a product page please edit my answer and add it ) .
you can go to the play store and view the ' my apps ' section . this should list your most recently updated apps . you can check the top 27 or so and see if it helps you determine , which one may be affecting video playback .
if you are using a third party video player of your device , say , vlc media player , then go to setings> apps> manage apps> vlc> clear data , and reset the data . once done , use a system cleaner app like cleaner master and clear the junk on your device . this should solve he problem . if the problem still persists , opt to reinstall the video player app .
i think that the best thing is if your friend have an android phone you tell your friend to share the playstore app with an app named my app sharer and install it , or u can download it from the internet its just 2 to 4 mb to download , it works seriously .
try flashing the cm10.1 gapps . zip file on the cyanogenmod wiki ( http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/google_apps ) ! cm10.1 = 4.2.1 android version . when i flashed cm11 on my phone i used the gapps for cm11 on my phone , try it out on yours .
just download the play store . apk file and install it . if you had it before , you can install it now .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
android 4.0+ officially supports bluetooth tethering in both directions ( and allows bridging to whatever the internet connection is ( wifi/usb/3g ) ) . you need : 1x device as tether host running android 4.0+ that has wifi/3g/usb internet 1x client device running android 4.0+ both devices are bluetooth paired enabled ' bluetooth tethering ' setting on the host device : settings => wireless and networks : more => tethering and portable hotspot => bluetooth tethering you then can connect to the tethering profile : settings => bluetooth => paired devices/gn => profiles/internet access the gnexus fulfills all of that , however your p1000 cannot officially upgraded to android 4.0 though , so you are out of luck or you have to install an aftermarket firmware ( e . g . cyanogenmod9 , which is based on android 4.0.4 )
the over 7mb to download part could be that the phone is set in a way that downloading files > 7mb would require a wi-fi connection . to avoid data wastage many phones have this feature to enable warning/limit downloads over the mobile data usage . this settings can be managed under the settings options of your mobile data option . just by un-checking the option you can easily download the update ota
your carrier is responsible for sending ota updates . check their website , call them and ask , or try searching for your carrier 's name and " android update " .
the chacha does the actual updates check by contacting some webservers (*.htc.com) which are listed in build . prop . all released rom updates are listed at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2094100 but with a 7mb download it must be something else .
cell standby being high means you have a really weak signal wherever your phone was . the phone cranks its radio up to maximum power to try to maintain a usable signal . there are several ways to stop it - none of them ideal : put the phone somewhere with a better signal ( near a window maybe ) put it in airplane mode to turn off the radio ( but you will not be able to get phone calls/texts ) switch to a carrier that has a better signal near your home/workplace as for why it is doing it now , it could be that you are leaving the phone in a different place in your house most of the time , or weather is affecting the signal strength , or sprint is extra crummy in your area lately .
it could be an application keeping the phone awake . on my htc desire s i can click any application present in the settings battery pane and see the time the application keeps the phone awake .
here are the areas that effect battery life - hope this may help weather widget on front screen . - click to open -> menu -> setting -> auto refresh = every 3 hours then go to " settings " ( the lines in read are the titles seen on the main settings screen most of which you can go in to and change more settings ) wifi - off when not in use bluetooth - off when not in use . data usage mobile data = on more settings flight mode - off s beam = off wifi direct - off near by device -> switched off mobile networks -> use packet date = on data roaming = off sound ( scroll down to system ) keytones = on touch sound = on screen lock sound = on haptic feedback = off autp haptic = off display brightness - open -> set to auto screen time out - after 30 seconds smart stay = on auto rotate = on touch key light duration = 1.5 seconds screen mode = standard auto adjust screen power = ok display battery percentage = on led indicator charging = on low power = off missed event = on motion motion activition = on direct call = on smart alert = on tap to top = off tilt to zoon = off pan to move icon = off pan to browse images = off shake to update = on turn over to mute = on palm swipe to capture = on palm touch to mute = on power saving cpu power saving = on screen power saving = on background colour = on turn off haptic feedback = on accounts and sync general toggle at top - on dropbox - no sync google mail = sync then open the option to display more sync calendar = on sync chrome = on sync contact = on sync gmail = on sync google phot = off sync google play books = on sync google play movies = off sync google + = on sync instant upload = off sync internet = on sync picasa web albums = off facebook - sync samsung account - no sync skype - no sync if you use drop box go in to the setting here and turn upload using = wifi only location services use wireless network = on use gps = on use sensor aiding = off ( wasnt to sure what this was so left it off ) location and google search = on security screen lock = pattern with swipe lock = on lock screen option -> shortcuts = on information ticker = off camera quick access = on ( might as well switch this off as i cant work out how to get by the pattern recognition for the camera to auto start ) clock = on dual clock = off weather = on ripple effect = on help text = on wake up in samsung unlock = off make patterns visable = on lock auto = 5 seconds lock instantly on power key = on vibrate on screen tap = off language and input default = samsung keyboard google voice type = off samsung keyboard = on -> in to settings predictive text = on continuous input = off keyboard swipe = on handwritting = on voice input = grayed out auto caps = on auto punctuation = on character preview = on key tap vibration = on key tap sunbd = on voice commands for apps = off acccessibility auto rotate = on speak passwords = off screen timeout = 30 seconds lock ato = 5 seconds talk back = off install webscript = not alloweed negative colours = off developer mode - everything is off
android treats filenames that start with a dot as hidden . so , there is no way for any app to show them . however , you can still see them on a file explorer that can see hidden files ( may need root access ) .
the usb 2.0 specification define that the usb 2.0 voltage is 5v so if you have the lightning to micro usb adapter you won`t experience any problems . but directly conecting the micro usb from your samsung galaxy nexus wont work .
technically yes , but you need a lightning to micro usb adapter , like this one .
eldarerathis is right . the iphone 5 uses a lightning cable . meanwhile , the galaxy nexus uses a micro usb cable . as you can see , they are quite different .
i found this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=infinitegra.trial.usbcamera this is an android application to display and record the video from an usb camera which is connected to a smart phone or a tablet device . for more details please check his website : http://www.infinitegra.co.jp/en/solution/androidapp1-spec.htm
save a copy of the original . apk file and keep it backed up . a bulletproof way to get cut off from google play 's update mechanism for that app is to re-sign it with a different key , then reinstall the newly signed apk file . google play ( maybe ) will still offer updates** for that app , but installing them will eventually fail because of the different signature . apktool will do it for you : zipsigner2 might also help you do it ( just found it on google play ) .
recent market updates did break the detach . a solution is to freeze market updater and then uninstall updates of market . if the original version of market in your rom is old enough , this will downgrade it to a version before the relevant update . whether this will eventually make things not work in market , i do not know yet .
if you are using your google voice for another purpose , such as a sip service for an obihai appliance or as a voip system on your pc , you will encounter problems with voicemail not picking up . you will need to disable google voicemail on your phone , create a new google voice account , with a new number , and add your android phone to that account . then select " use google voicemail " and follow the instructions for your provider . ( if you use straight talk , select either t-mobile or at and t as your provider , depending on the sim you purchased from straight talk . ) the number on the new google voice account does not need to be used for anything other than voicemail - calls to your cell phone will be forwarded to the gv number after 4 rings , and since there is no voip device listening at that number on the new account , voicemail will pick up . you will need to log into the new account in the google voice app , and go through the setup wizard again .
have you tried sending a KEYCODE_DPAD_CENTER ? adb shell input keyevent 23 
i was in the same situation as you . once you enter the full backup screen use the following commands : adb shell input text &lt;your password&gt; adb shell input keyevent 22 adb shell input keyevent 23  the " adb shell input keyevent 22" command is dpad right , you will be able to select back up my data the " adb shell input keyevent 23" is the dpad center , it will allow you to select enter 22 --> " keycode_dpad_right " 23 --> " keycode_dpad_center "
use droid explorer and the screencast plugin to use your keyboard and mouse from your desktop computer to control the handset ? that would make life easier instead of fiddling around with using adb shell input keyevent ...
i just added a new schedule to my google calendar , it offered me a feature to notify me by email when the event occurs , and i have got the email also . look a bit below there is a option offering these feature .
for the google calendar website , desktop version ( the following does not apply to mobile version of the website , so you must request desktop version of the page from your mobile browser ) : edit or create your calendar event , under event color selection you will see reminders , by default you will have an email sent 10 minutes before the event start time . the following is for the google calendar app : open your calendar event , go to reminders , then tap the triangle selector under notification , you will see there is an email option too . if there is no reminder set , tap add reminder first , or edit your event ( the pencil icon ) .
answer copied from drake in can i sync firefox bookmarks with android ? xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year . edit #1: if you are looking for a free alternative , you can try dolphin browser ( it is available for both android and blackberry ) . dolphin lets you sync bookmarks .
install google maps engine . google maps engine on android enables you to view your custom maps anywhere , anytime . i am not sure , but navigation will probably not work as described here : for navigation , searching for local places , etc . please check out the google maps for mobile app .
i fixed it ! turns out it was a bug with vfat support . i had to format my sd to exfat , but now it is working again .
i just ran into the same problem . everything works but dns . i found before that my cell provider , bell , blocks udp 53 to anything but their servers . maybe dns is not going through openvpn on android but openvpn is changing the servers . i noticed that some other apps did not go through openvpn , like the play store .
i found now a solution myself : first , cat /etc/resolv.conf is not a valid way to display the used dns servers under android . use getprop net.dns1 instead . in my case the dns server was not the google server as set in /etc/resolv.conf , instead it was one of my isp which accepts only requests from ips in its network but my openvpn server is in another network . to solve this issue i just modified /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf a bit : that will force the phone to always use the google dns servers for all connections ( e . g . 3g , wifi , openvpn , . . . ) . i have tested that for a few weeks now and it works perfect .
are you using a case ? please do not block the upper part of the screen because the proximity sensor that turns the screen off when on call is located there . there is no option in settings because it is fully automatic
map was never implemented in aosp , the siii only had it from samsung tweaks .
it was broken in 4.2 when google rewrote the bluetooth stack .
yes , stock rom does not support other file systems but ext2 for the second partition . so create an ext2 partition . the location of the apps , once linked with link2sd will be from the root of the sytem : \ ( which is root ) sd-ext and there you will find some directories or app-files , depending on your link2sd settings . about the question for mounting / rebooting : i cannot answer that because i do not know . about the size of thee partition : when you connect your phone to your computer , and have minitool partition wizard installed , you should be able to create the partitions like you want it and with the size you want . but to be honest : 6gb for apps is an awfully lot . . . i think the tutorial just points out that you probably never will exceed the 2 gb that is mentioned and you can use the other 6gb for normal storage ( which also can be read by windows when you connect your phone to your computer ) i hope i answered your questions . . .
when creating the event click on the time that you need to change : then when the set time pop-up comes up press on the number instead of scrolling .
it is difficult to tell for certain without a bit more context , but it sounds like the instructions are attempting to convey the unix filesystem permissions to set on the database . since android at its core runs on the linux kernel , its filesystem maintains the same permission and access rules as any typical unix system does . in general , there are three relevant access modes for a file : the owner : this is the specific user that owns a file/folder . generally it defaults to whatever user created it . note that even on android , which generally presents a single-user interface ( excepting v4.2 ) there are still multiple user accounts on the device . for example , each application runs under its own user id . the group : this is the unix group that is marked as the owner of the file . the user that owns the file may or may not be a member of this group . in cases where the owner is not in the group the owner permissions will take precedence . other : everyone else who is not either a ) the owner of the file or b ) in the group that owns the file . because of this , simplified unix filesystem permissions are generally expressed as triplets ( i am ignoring here other flags such as the setuid bit ) in order of precedence : user/group/other . often these will be numerical since unix uses bitmasks under the hood , where : execute has a value of 1 write has a value of 2 read has a value of 4 permissions are thus combined by adding the bitmask values together - to give read and write ( but not execute ) permission to the desired target , for example , you would want the value to be 6 . putting this together , a file with a permission of 755 would be : 7 -&gt; Owner can read, write or execute 5 -&gt; Group members can read or execute 5 -&gt; Everyone else (other) can read or execute  putting this all together in the context of your question implies ( to me ) that the instructions are thus telling you to give the owner of the . db file read/write permission , the group read/write permission and other no permissions at all . i observe this by splitting up the instructions at the slash delimiter in the text . this would be equivalent to setting the filemode to 660 using the chmod command ( likely you would want chmod 0660 /path/to/file.db ) , but can also be done using any file explorer that supports it . my personal favorite is es file explorer , which will give you a grid of checkboxes if you long press on a file and select " properties " . simply check the appropriate boxes for each target ( owner , group , and other ) . izzy summed up what this would mean from a functional standpoint rather well : it would mean the app itself ( =owner ) has full access to the database , as has the group ( probably for addons/plugins ? ) . all other apps have no access at all ( as it should be , keyword " sandbox " )
i used the same drivers that i installed for my samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) . 64 bit drivers 32 bit drivers
just download samsung kies and you are good to go ! . all the mobile usb drivers come inbuilt along with Kies .
this is subjective my friends . . no exact answer . is definite answer . scenario 1 - you have a good wifi reception - phone dont have to try hard to fetch network , so battery life is longer . but if wifi is tough to connect then offcourse the phone needs to work hard . . so battery drain quicker . scenario 2 - you using data network , but in bad reception area then it would have same affect on your battery - drained faster . . in the end , depend on your area 's connection in order to have longer battery life . . who knows which connection is the best in tht particular area . just simple logic . no technical wonders can save your battery life i say . .
it depends on several things as matthew read mentions , the hardware , your location , and the other fiddly bits about actual communication are important to the discussion . but , you also need to consider what you are doing with the phone . are you retrieving largish amounts of data often ? if so , wifi may be less drain on the battery by letting you finish sooner - remember the screen drains power while you are waiting for 3g to finish what wifi may have finished much sooner . ( but that depends on what brightness level you have your phone set to . ) in short , set your phone up the way you like to use it , in the place you like to use it . then run the best test you can to see which uses more battery . keep everything as much the same during the tests as possible . ( know exactly which apps are running , plan what data to use , and time how long you use the data after it is retrieved . )
i can not remember where i read it but i read that 3g will use more power when transfering data but wifi will use more when idling . i tend to keep wifi on , but if i am running low on power i will turn it off to avoid the power requirements of scanning for new networks . also as others have posted , 2g will use less power than both unless you are downloading large files !
i never really did a precise comparative test but it is clear that wifi uses way less power than the 3g data connection . so i would recommend to use wifi whenever possible if the goal is to extend battery life . the only exception i would see is if you often use the phone but for a very short moment at a time , the delay it takes for the wifi to connect can be a hassle . in this case only i would deactivate the wifi .
if your phone will let you do it , use 2g . it uses less power than 3g or wifi . i believe it only works on gsm network phones .
in my experience ( htc hero and now htc desire hd ) , wifi uses way less power than 3g . my first port of call for power saving is to turn off 3g on my handset if i either do not need mobile data or there is wifi available .
while it was true in previous generations of phones that wifi used more power in idle , it is less true in later generations ( think htc desire z and up ) , with latests wifi chips . if you are using data , wifi is then preferable : uses less power , and can have more bandwidth and less latencies depending on the provider… although public hotspots tend to match latencies and bandwidth of 3g networks… ( on purpose ? )
the main battery drain happens when there is actual data transfer . since the speed of wifi is much faster compared to 3g , it uses less power to download the same amount of data since it finishes downloading faster . also the transmuting power of wifi is usually smaller than this of a 3g radio since the access point is much closer and the signal much stronger than the usual 3g tower . they tend to be less dense than 2g towers and the phone will need to transmit with more power in order to keep reasonable signal strength with 3g .
i can confirm the experiences of 3g using more power than wifi , and i do believe it is , in fact , stated by google somewhere in the android faq . the technical reason probably has to do with the fact that there is much more negotiation going on for 3g , where there could be many radio towers involved , and where they will actually instruct the phone to beef up transmission power if needed . also , it goes without saying , that there ought to be a difference considering wifi has a coverage area limited to some 20-100 meters depending on equipment and obstacles ; whereas 3g operates over a much longer distance up around several km . both operate within a fairly similar frequency band of 1.9ghz to 2.4ghz . in general , the higher the frequency , the more data can be transferred but it also takes more power to get a signal through obstacles . this is also why it is sometimes recommended to turn off 3g ( rely on only 2g ) in order to conserve battery , since 2g networks usually operate at a much lower frequency band around 800-1000mhz .
it depends . try with your particular phone . maybe download a large file and see how much the battery drains , then repeat for the other data type . factors include how many cell towers are nearby , how many packets your wifi drops , your specific chipset and radio hardware , software drivers , and the like .
for the most part carriers use software and permissions restrictions to prevent users from sharing their android phone 's connection with other devices . with root a person can use a number of different apps to tether their phone to another device or create a wifi hotspot . different roms may even enable someone to use the built in tethering and hotspot features without any issue . on the other end of the spectrum most carriers also look at the types of traffic that are coming across from your device and the user agent that is being used to conduct the internet traffic . i know that t-mobile after a short amount of usage will actually start forwarding your traffic to their hotspot plan webpage . some hotspot apps disguise the user agent to try and prevent this .
on custom recoveries ( cwm , twrp ) you normally are able to use adb . with that you can delete the corrupted bootanimation and replace it with your original one . mount your /system partition using " mount-> system " on twrp or " mounts and storage-> mount /system " on cwm plug your phone onto the computer remove your corrupt bootanimation : adb shell "rm /system/media/bootanimation.zip" restore your old bootanimation : adb shell "mv /system/media/bootanimation.old /system/media/bootanimation.zip" you may have to set the right permissions : adb shell "chmod 0644 /system/media/bootanimation.zip
have you tried usb otg helper ? it works with either stock or custom rom . i have not seen the p500 listed as supported , but you could try .
in short , msm7x27 chipsets have very limited support for usb otg , that is despite there is an option in the kernel to build the driver for it , unfortunately it does not work and requires hackery to get it to work 100% ! in reference to this : update : my phone 's has three files libra.ko , librasdioif.ko , wireless.ko in /system/lib/modules those modules the op referred to , are tied to the sdio 's chipset support for both the sdcard mechanism and the wireless . notably , atheros 's ar6000 uses the sdio pins to activate the wireless , and is specific to that driver . offtopic : the sdio controls the sdcard mechanism , so yeah , it does sound ' cheap ' in the sense that using the pins for i/o off the sdcard mechanism , to control the wifi chip . . . as a fyi - zte blade and lg-p500 uses the near-identical array of peripherals such as chipset , wifi , but under different manufacturers ! have a mooch around the modaco thread governing both devices , you might find something in there !
maybe you should look into this rom , however i cannot guarantee if there is an availability for the nexus 7 . to quote : this rom lets you scale and project every app , every widget , even systemcomponents individually . remember , android is modular , everything is an app : lockscreen , navigationbar , dialogs , popups , keyboards , widgets , and your regular apps of course . apps have the capability to switch into various designs or layouts according to the device they run on . it is hybrid , meaning , that individual apps can change from tablet mode to phone layout mode on the fly . it is open sourced and is available on github . edit : thanks to eldarerathis for supplying the linky to the n7 version found on xda .
make sure you have turned on datasync in settings use https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andqlimax.pushfixer to set notification heartbeat interval if nothing helps , factory-reset your phone check if the same problem appears on both phones , if yes , try a different telephony company
pixel colors looks almost the same as pixelated on screens .
is colorised what you are looking for ? this is a demo , but there is also coloroid and color flood if you are still looking : )
no , performing a factory reset will not affect your hboot version . you should , however , be able to follow this guide instead ( which uses revolutionary ) . there is another page with instructions here which describes in a bit more detail what revolutionary does and where to go from there . the standard disclaimers with regards to possibly bricking your device apply , of course , and i can not guarantee 100% that it will work .
i just found out that there was one process - calendar storage - which was disabled . i enabled it , and then i could see the option synccalendar in my google account again . after that my calendar is working fine again .
i think you found a solution to your source problem . however your question went unanswered . the information in the battery usage screen is found in /data/system/batterystats.bin https://plus.google.com/u/0/105051985738280261832/posts/fv3lvtdvxpt
i asked htc what it is about and they responded with : the dcs utility services and components are the programs on your telephone that allow connection to the internet provided by your mobile carrier . it stands for data connection service . a little vague . it also cannot be removed , they told me . and as the sense ui was constantly crashing i decided to install cyaogenmod . best decision ever : not only is my data usage halved , the user interface is stable as a rock .
one reason you will not find an editor for android that supports fonts is probably because almost all android devices only come with 3 fonts , droid-serif , droid-sans and droid-sans-mono . there are some devices that have other fonts , but from what i have seen , they are not " standard " fonts like you would see on a pc/mac . also , the editors are limited because of screen size . you may see better editors come along with tablets , but even then , you are limited in screen real estate since you would need to have the on screen keyboard open with the editor .
i just tested quickoffice pro and it will do this . it did not seem to ruin my existing google doc either .
there is a google docs app available on the market but i myself was not too keen . however , there is an called documents to go which allows the creation and editing office documents and google docs . to edit and create though you do need the paid version of the app as the free version is only a viewer but you need the free version installed with the paid version as the paid version is an unlock app . the app can be found at https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dataviz.docstogofeature=search_result hope this helps
the best solution i have found so far is to access the desktop version ( not mobile version ) of a document with the firefox browser for android . this way , i am able to see all fonts just fine and edit the document without it suddenly adding characters at random or messing up the document . the only problem seems to be that firefox does not seem to understand when to present the keyboard . i can force this by long-pressing my menu button . sometimes i have to fiddle a bit before the characters i type show up in the document ( maybe the reason for this was a flaky connection ) .
these days , the google play store ( renamed android marketplace ) does in fact have review filtering based on the rating . just click on " user reviews " and the "5 stars " , "4 stars " titles for the bar graphic are now clickable , and clicking them displays only reviews with that rating . thanks , google !
the comments are not searchable from the market app , nor are they searchable from the site , but you can search google using site:market.android.com my search terms here and it does include the comments when searching . all the comments are also visible on the market site under the " user comments " tab for the application .
skype settings -> notifications
if sheharyars answer does not work out : boot to recovery-menu . how to do it depends on your device , which you did not specify ; usually it is done by powering it off , then holding the vol down and power buttons at the same time for a couple of seconds , until the recovery menu appears . in the recovery menu , select factory-reset ( sometimes labeled " reset to factory defaults " or similar ) . this will wipe all user data ( including settings and the apps you have installed ) from the device , and thus also your preferences for the lock .
i am not sure i understand you correctly , but i assume that you have accidentally locked your phone using the Android Device Manager . i suggest you try these steps : open android device manager website . login to the same google account set up on your locked device . select your locked device on the website . explore the ' device lock ' options and unlock from there .
assuming you are on a network that is available on the location you are going to , you could check the Automatic date and time setting under Date and time settings . that should update the time accordingly .
it is now the case that all developers can reply to reviews on their apps . the reply shows up publicly next to the review , and by default , the user who left the review gets notified by email ( but users can turn off being notified in the settings on the web ) . there can only be one reply per review . the reviewer can only respond by editing their review , and the developer is not notified when this occurs . it is still not helpful to use reviews for reporting problems with the app , because solving them generally needs several messages back and forth to narrow down the problem , and sometimes needs the user to tell the developer how they were using the app or what they wanted to achieve : something you might not want made public .
verified that this bug does indeed exist on the razr maxx hd ( running 4.1.1 )
depends on the rom developers . unfortunately no one but someone with an eris or someone that develops for rom manager could answer this question . just download it and see what you get . the way rom manager works is the developers have to contact the rom manager team with the appropriate information that can then be added to the app . so rom manager team can only do so much to get roms in it . plus there are a lot of side conversations about how well clockwork recovery actually works when wiping , but i have never had a problem with this . and the issue of some roms do not play well with clockwork recovery either . on the evo cyanogen is very good about keeping the rom up to date in rom manager . which is nice since it is updated nightly . i say try it again . remember that paying for it will give you access to all the roms , so if you have not paid for it you might not see some roms that you would otherwise see .
the reason it does not work properly is this : the init.rc script resides in within the ramdisk attached to the boot image . hence the init.rc script that was edited and pushed across is now overwritten by the boot image 's own script upon reboot - effectively changes are lost ! you need to extract the boot image , using every boot image has the kernel and the ramdisk . the tools available to do this can be found here . extracting when invoking the script split_bootimg.pl on a boot image it will recreate the following : boot . kernel boot . ramdisk . gz the two files are obviously self-explanatory . to extract the ramdisk , create a directory called ramdisk and from that directory , invoke this : gzip -dc | cpio -i , to recreate the directory structure that is used in the ramdisk which gets flipped over to the live file-system upon boot . in there , the file that is of pertinent information is init.rc . now that can be modified to your heart 's content . putting it back together go back up a directory level , and issue this - mkbootfs ***RAMDisk*** | gzip &gt; my_custom_ramdisk.gz . then , to " attach " the original kernel to the boot image , issue the following : mkbootimg -base 0x.... -kernel boot.kernel -ramdisk my_custom_ramdisk.gz -o my_custom_boot.img . at this point now , a boot image has been constructed , then that boot image will now have to be flashed via fastboot flash boot my_custom_boot.img . tl ; dr changes are lost upon re-boot because the script is not properly edited which required extracting the boot image and modifying it and re-packing it . once re-packed and then the boot image is re-flashed , the changes will be permanent . this is done every-time the changes are needed .
it is possible to have cwm installed while running stock rom . the simplest way for me to identify is to check your kernel version .
generally , but not all the time , the presence of cwm which is a custom recovery , suggestively implies a custom rom is present . but , having a custom recovery as cwm far outweighs the normal recovery that is found in the majority of handsets , some are limited , some are crippled . you can easily flash another rom such as ics , or cm9 which is available to download . hence i would highly suggest to leave cwm in there for a simple reason - to enable backup/restore of the rom . judging by your previous comments in other answers above , it sounds like a unstable jelly bean rom made its way into your handset . go to cyanogenmod site and get the download for either one of nexus ( crespo ) or a nexus 4g ( crespo 4g ) ( crespo is a codeword given as the name of the handset ) . whichever one is it you have , make sure you have the right version . after downloading it , push that across to the sd-card , and use cwm to flash it for you . be sure to wipe cache/data before hand . yes , you will lose everything you have on that unstable jelly bean rom . and then you should be back into the stability of the cm9 rom .
clockworkmod is a custom recovery software . if you want to revert to the original rom , then you can download the official ics rom for nexus and flash ( install ) it if you donot have a backup taken previously of the phone . and afaik , you can still root your phone again on ics and then the phone will again be at your command ( you can even install custom apks ) . also you can try a file manager like , astro file manager which i personally have not used it but you can get it from marketplace and use it to install non-market apks by simply transferring the apk over usb to sd card and tap on the apk .
apparently , in the sdk the 7" form factor has the phone layout and tablet apps . the 10" form factor will still be tablet layout and tablet apps . i also heard that in 4.1 they expanded the functionality of the notification area so that notifications can do more ( e . g . reply to sms from notification area ) . i do not know how true that is though .
you could use something like anki . it is a flashcard program using spaced-repetition to help you learn vocabulary and other similar things . there is a free desktop app , as well as a compatible free android app called ankidroid . the two apps can sync to each other through " the cloud " , so you could use it to add cards on your pc when you find a new word , then learn those flashcards on your android device . anki supports non-latin characters and scripts , and you can add images too ( if you want to learn to recognise a sign , for instance ) . you can even download decks of cards made by other users .
neither of the system-e-mails apps ( e-mail and gmail ) on my nexus4 is able to accomplish that task - very annoying indeed . so the basic answer is propably : you can not . but there are mail-apps capable of doing so . one of it is k9-mail .
this is one of the reasons mtp was introduced for : independency of the file system format used " behind it " . you can compare it to using " standard sql " to retrieve data from a database via an odbc driver : your application does not need to know whether there is a mysql , oracle , postgresql , or whatever database behind it . as long as it sticks to standard sql commands , it simply works . similar issue with mtp . other than with using ums , your computer does not access the file-system directly , but uses a kind of " command layer " . on the android device , mtp then plays the role of our above odbc driver , translating everything to the underlying file system . so as long as your computer knows how to deal with mtp , you do not have to even think about what file system is used . it should simply work . but on the other hand , mtp has proven tricky sometimes : it requires extra drivers on windows , and does not work out of the box on macos or linux systems ( also extra installs and adjustments required here ) . so there are alternatives you might wish to take a look at for file transfer , such as using apps like airdroid , ftpserver , davdrive , or similar .
people who designed mtp and those file formats had in mind that in the future , it woudnt be cheapsakes like me with a android device . i mean windows xp and no sd card im a cheapsake indeed . answer to my question is using the wifi transfer app from the playstore . then using this method refered here do you know an app that can split files on the computer and then assemble them on android device ? . now i will be able to transfer whatever i want on my android kocaso tablet .
you can try the go locker . . . . .
there is a one-way google-to-outlook sync built into outlook 2010 and 2013 , where you generate a link to your calendar via google calendar website , and then add the url to outlook as an internet calendar . this way any changes you make on google side get synchronized to outlook . step-by-step walk-through instructions are here : log into your google account , click on the apps launcher icon apps launcher icon and select calendar from the list of apps . hover over the needed calendar in the calendar list and click calendar settings . this will open the calendar details page . click the ICAL button and copy the calendar 's url . open your outlook and switch to calendar -> manage calendars ribbon group . click open calendar button and choose " from internet . . . " from the drop down list . paste your google calendar 's url and click ok . if you are looking to sync the other way , i.e. outlook-to-google , your options are much more limited . microsoft tells you how to perform a one-time transfer by exporting your outlook calendar and then importing the data into your google account . however , this is not a permanent solution , as it requires you to do this every time you make changes in outlook . google used to have a service called google sync which would perform a true two-way sync between your google account and outlook via a small application that you would install on your windows machine . unfortunately that service has been discontinued a while ago . it is still available for paid google accounts such as google apps for business , but not for free google accounts . in terms of 3rd-party applications , since you have already ruled out kies as unreliable , gsyncit comes highly recommended , but it is not free . it is a ms outlook add-in for your pc ( no android app required ) that allows a true 2-way sync of e-mail , calendar , contacts and tasks between outlook and a google account .
when i choose one mail source - instead of the " combined view " - the folders menu option shows all the other folders . guess the " combined view " shows only a smaller common ( sub ) folder list .
click on the inbox and a drop down box will appear with all your folders
i just had the same problem and i found a way of seeing the subfolders on my galaxy . on the pc , open your inbox and create a new subfolder ( eg foo ) . on your phone , open email and open your inbox . in options , select ' folders ' . you will see your inbox with a small green arrow icon . click the icon ( not the inbox title ) and your folder list will expand . note that this only worked for me after i had created the extra dummy folder . before i created the folder , i could see the green icon , but it would not expand the list of subfolders .
what i did is to go to the inbox , click the option , then folders , and click in the inbox icon ( the folder drawing , not the inbox word ) , and it showed the sub-folders .
you can click your inbox to show the folders and also change sync options by long pressing each folder in the default ics mail client .
first , try to contact google and/or lg . if they determine that warranty does not cover this , their own repair service might not be as expensive , compared to buying the parts and swapping the screen on your own . if you are not comfortable with taking apart and putting back together small electronics , i would advise against doing it yourself , as you may end up accidentally damaging the replacement parts , thus wasting your money . see if there are any local electronics repair shops that can do it for you instead . they may cost slightly more , but at least they will have more experience with phones . if you do decide to go the do-it-yourself route , there are many guides and walk-through videos available with a simple google search . the parts themselves are also easily found using google . keep in mind that depending on the damage , you may need to buy the lcd with digitizer combination , as opposed to only the glass panel .
no you cannot . to do that , you need access to app ops from where you can disable certain operations on a per-app basis . there is no way to do this right now without rooting your device .
if you as a user experience such crashes , and want to help the developer to get them fixed , you can use tools such as alogcat ( free ) - logcat or bug reporter to catch a log of what happened : while alogcat allows you to restrict the log closer to the crash event ( by letting you define what to capture ) , bug reporter enables you to send other useful information along , such as device specifics and the like . edit : as liam pointed out correctly in his comment , due to permission changes in jelly bean ( 4.1 ) some of those log viewers where no longer able to see anything but their own log entries . if your device is rooted , the easiest way to get them working again is to convert them into system apps ( e . g . with titanium backup ) . if your android version is 4.0 . x or lower , you should not be affected by this .
mainly due to hardware differences . you can use a logcat viewer on android 2.3 or below to view the logcat from all apps - this will provide the log from the apps which will tell your the exception . please be aware that in jellybean or ics google stopped apps from reading the logcat from other apps on the device - you can still use adb to see the entire logcat , and can output it to the logcat.log file using this command : adb logcat &gt; logcat.log 
search the logcats for stack traceback . try uninstalling apps one at a time , to see if the problem disappears when you uninstalled a certain app . if the issue come from an installed application , then you should uninstall that app and/or contact the developer to fix the crash . if the issue is system level , then there is not much you can do . you can either downgrade to a version that crashes less , or try upgrading to custom rom , although with custom roms the crashes could also get worse . it should be noted that newer android versions have better application management than older versions . i recalled that there is an improvement that comes either in 2.1 or 2.2 or 2.3 that significantly improves the way the out-of-memory killer works .
i figured out why this is happening . the problem is due too a bug that most other android users are having running 2.3.5 and higher . it happens when more than 50 apps are installed on the sd card . to which it seems there is no work around for as of yet . so we are stuck atm .
i thought that i may get some answers here , as it is , after many hours searching and trying various apps out , i have found a few apps that provide solutions myself , the best two of which i will list below . i was looking for an app to show " call " and " sms " " history"/"logs " , so using these search terms i found many , the best stand alone one i found is called " my log " from " intangible solutions " which is able to search and list all calls and sms for any given number or multiple numbers in a very clear and easy to read format . the drawbacks is that it is heavily add supported and takes a little while to specify all the contact 's numbers , as you have to select them one at a time , having said this , the results are brilliant . the other i found via an associated app call " call log+" which i tried and initially dismissed as it only gave me call log similar to the one found in the standard " phone " dialler , however i later went back to it is associated app " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" , " messages+" and " dialler+" , and then also installed " merge+" , " emoji for conacts+" and the " contacts+ widget " to get the full collection , which can replace the standard " phone " , " contacts " and " messaging " functions with much better versions , that do far more . the " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" does everything i wanted , in that i can instantly see a call log for any contact . the fact that " contacts+" does a whole lot more beyond this is also fantastic , but it does exactly what i wanted , so job done . i hope this may help others looking for the same missing ( removed ) feature , which because of how i use my phone , i would find hard to live without .
ok , so after some extensive troubleshooting i found the issue , long story short , you need to have the snapper application installed . snapper application the issue was confirmed to be the combination of the snapper sim and no application when the sim was switched with a different network , non-snapper sim , the phone started working correctly . next the sim was put in a different network , vanilla htc one x , the exact same symptoms occurred . leading me to the conclusion that it was the difference in the sim crashing the process . after installing the snapper application the process instantly stopped crashing .
menu -> go to labels -> drafts . it is really just a label .
that is decided by google , more precisely by the google play team . google today announced editor 's choice for android market , aimed to help you find the best applications on the android market . google 's also going to begin awarding the " top developer badge " to help show users who are the best , and most trustworthy apps . for consumers , it is a way to help find new apps . for developers , it is another way of promotion and to monetize .
are you perhaps using the volume control and going all the way to the " bottom " ? that turns on silent mode in my droid . are you hitting the wrong option on the menu when you hit the power button ? i am not familiar with the lg ally , so i do not know if they might have added an extra feature to make it easy to get into silent mode . did you check the manual ?
i had this problem with my new htc touch . i kept accidentally pressing the ' volume down ' button whilst holding the phone . after putting a gel case on the phone , this is not longer a problem , as the case covers the buttons so they are not so sensitive .
i had a similar problem on my motodroid , and downloaded ringguard from the market . it is a simple app that detects whenever the ring volume changes and pops up an on-screen dialog to confirm . if you do not confirm the change within a couple of seconds , it cancels it .
my apologies if this is too much of a me-too , but i will second al everetts comments on the volume control . i have this problem in 2 situations : 1 . in the bracket i use in the car , one of the foam blocks rests a little on the down volume button . i have since cut the foam to reduce this issue . 2 . when i am holding it in landscape mode , i often bump the volume buttons . there are on-screen indicators though , so i usually do not do it without noticing .
generally , what you need to achieve this is to connect to the serial console of the system . like on a desktop system , this gives you all the kernel and init messages as the device boots , and access to a shell once the device has booted . how to connect to the serial console varies between devices , and you have not told us which device you have . usually , you need to take the main board out of its case ( this is irreversible in some devices , as you have to damage the case to get it open ) , and find the serial port . in most cases , there will not be any connector there , just exposed points on the motherboard to solder a connector or ribbon cable to . you need to find the datasheet for the device online to find the right point to connect to . on some devices , the serial console is instead provided by connecting a special adaptor to the headphone jack . with a proper build of the kernel , the device can be made to send serial output on that connector , and you can connect to it with an adaptor you make yourself ( if you can get the specifications from the manufacturer ) .
the wildfire s only has 512mb of internal flash . none of this austere allotment is allocated to a user storage partition like is done on the galaxy s2 , s3 , etc .
you can read here . i think it is useful for you .
have you tried this guide from rootgalaxynote ? this answer is pending an edit . site is currently blocked at my location .
the short answer is no you can not share your iphone 's 3g connection with your galaxy tab 2 over usb .
notes : rooting allows you to install a custom recovery ( clockwork mod or amonra ) to install roms s-off allows you to change the hboot to rearrange your internal partitions i rooted with unrevoked before i used alpharev 's s-off some months later nowadays it is easier apparently . you can get s-off with unrevoked forever too but i am not sure your phone is supported . and unrevoked/alpharev teamed up for revolutionary finally , there are many roms out there , some are better then others . i use oxygen personally with the oxygen hboot for 330mb internal data space . i would use devnull ( same developers ) but it does not have long press to kill
for rooting htc desire 2.3.3 official update you have to use revolutionary . io beta app . its very simple process . you have to download the program on your computer ( windows/linux ) , get the beta key from the website and follow the steps the program asks you to do . i have written a detailed blog here if you want .
from your contact list , select the facebook contact that you would like to edit . click the menu button and choose edit contact . you will see an indication that the user is a facebook contact and may not be edited . now click the menu button again and choose new contact . this will create a new contact in your address book and merge the facebook profile information with that contact . you may now edit the contact to have additional details , such as a phone number .
try solcalendar . it worked for my droid phone .
use jorte calendar on your android . it will sync with yahoo calendar . play store links : jorte calendar jorte sync
there are several ways you could use to sync your yahoo ! calendar with your android device . using a CSV file . you can export your yahoo calendar to a csv file and import it into your google calendar . this method is somewhat manual and you will have to do this each time you create an event in your yahoo calendar . more details use yahoo ! app for android you can use the official app for android developed by yahoo inc . to access your yahoo calendar as well as your mail , news , im , videos and more . download from the play store use third party apps to calendar syncing there are many apps in tur play store which can be used to do this . calcsync is an app which syncs yahoo caoendar with the stock calendar .
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
i had the same issue , however , i use yahoos webhosting for my own domain . you can not sync , nor view domains the mobile site or app . i actually had to move to googles calendar . bad thing is reminders only show up in your google email . so i had to set a email filter in gmail that will forward all google calendar email reminders to my other domain . this is working but a pain to set up .
i use a calendar app called acalendar and sync it to my yahoo calendar with another app called smoothsync . you have to set up both apps once , but then smoothsync runs in the background and syncs acalendar ( or the native calendar app ) with yahoo . it has worked very well for me .
routers from mikrotik with routeros has problems with 4.0.4 androids as well . you have to upgrade to 5.22rc1 . contact support@mikrotik . com to get this test version ( in case if you are reading this the 5.22 is not already released officialy = )
easy fix . do not use your wi-fi password . use the wireless key # . i have been trying over and over with my personal password and kept getting the same authentication errors everyone has been discussing with u-verse . i pulled the paperwork that the installation guy gave me and just taking a last resort shot at it , i tried the wireless key # written on the paperwork . it connected immediatley . . . this reportedly also works with the verizon branded samsung galaxy s iii . their 2nd level support only suggests factory resetting which will not help . only the above mentioned technique does
i have at and t u-verse at home . my s3 connected to the gateway with no issues . did you try to remove the saved network from the phone , factory reset the gateway and then try adding it . if that fails , try to manually add the ssid and key after you remove the network from the phone settings . worst case ask them to send you a new gateway . if you changed the ssid at any point or added static ips you might need to factory reset , add the phone and then add the statics to the gateway again .
i went around in circles with this by trying open and wpa security but nothing worked . the phone was not even listed on the router 's device list . the mac address filter was the problem . i fixed the issue by adding the phones mac address to the routers " white list " and now everything works well . check you router mac filters or turn them off .
you can try installing a different launcher app via the android market web interface . on your pc go to play store and sign in with the same google account as on your phone . find any home replacement app . click on the install button to send the app directly to your phone ( if you have several android devices you will need to select the phone . ) after a few minutes try unlocking your phone . it should ask you to select a launcher app , so pick the one you just installed , or the default one .
if you can connect to the device with adb ( android sdk ) you can open a command line and do : adb uninstall com.gau.go.launcherex adb uninstall com.jiubang.goscreenlock those will remove both go launcher ex and golocker . if you can not you may have to do a factory reset , which will remove all the apps and data on the device ( but to even do that you need to get to the settings application )
you can do either way . the safe method is to update and then root the phone . but you can also root and then install the ota update . but ota will fail if you have custom recovery modified any part of the system like removed bloat , xposed , etc still there is a post in xda to update ota with custom twrp recovery .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
you have to go to the store where you bought it so they can have it checked . maybe the battery must not be totally drained . have them checked your phone since it still has warranty if you just bought it few months ago .
you could convert your pdf 's to chm : http://www.freepdfconvert.com/convert_help_file_to_pdf.asp as you said oliveoffice or have you tried : ireader here is an e-book reader list if you want a 4th option : http://www.mobileread.com/forums/showthread.php?t=70921
moon+ reader reads chm 's and almost anything
you can use a vpn application , which usually works with no root access but approaches what you are looking for . in addition , you can use hideman vpn . also , one of your question tags are tor . you can use tor , but only the orweb browser will stay anoynmous . without root , it is not your device that is anonymous .
yes , assigning a google account to a phone would incur data charges unless syncing is disabled as it will regularly sync calendars , email , etc . even so , other data related services may come into play ( eg , play store app update checking and downloading ) .
this depends on two factors . settings > wireless and network settings > mobile networks data enabled , if that is checked , all internet data goes through the telephony layer and treated as internet data . the other spot is in - settings > accounts and sync settings - background data and auto-sync are checked , it will chew up the bandwidth ( provided data enabled is checked from the previous spot above ) then yes , data charges will increase .
awesome drop can be used to accomplish this for smaller files . install the app https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dashwire.drop on your computer , open their site , enter the pairing code and drop files into the browser . it is pretty slick and easy to use . i use dropbox for most of my needs , it does not sync to my phone , but works for having files i want , close at hand .
use pushbullet this is the best way i found to do it . it has a web interface , a chrome extension and a firefox extension . it lets you push files , notes , lists , urls and addresses . it is only limitation is filesize under 10mb .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows you to push files to your android device over xmpp . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
gtalksms is able to send , browse and receive files from your android phone via xmpp ( gtalk ) . it is also a remote sms notifier and has various other features . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
i wrote an app called browser to phone . my app is similar to chrometophone , but it allows you to actually download the links to your phone : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.wiirecords.chrometophone
dropbox and ubuntu one has android client . foxtophone has a hidden feature to push arbitrary file from firefox to your phone .
in cyanogenmod at least , plugging a phone into your computer will make it offer to turn on usb mass storage , which exposes the sd card as writable . that is about as " drag and drop " as one can get . post specifics on your phone if you do not get this prompt . opinion : with data plans no longer being unlimited in the us , why not use a cable ?
here is another working solution . first login to your gmail account from a desktop and click on the " details " link . this will open a new window . you will see an url at the new window . copy/store that url ( like : https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ui=2&amp;ik=**********&amp;view=ac ) . login to your gmail account from your android browser ( chrome ) . now browse that url from the brwoser ( chrome ) . you will get the button " sign out of all other accounts " . click that . you are done !
i have found two ways to access the “activity on this account” feature from the builtin android 4.0 web browser : select the “request desktop site” option in the browser menu , then open https://mail.google.com — this way it will not redirect to the mobile site . then use the “details” link at the bottom of the page , as you would do from a computer . open the mobile version of gmail , select the “menu button” at the top line ( with three vertical lines )  — it will open the list of your tags . at the bottom of this list you will see a line with “gmail version : mobile | mobile ( old ) | full” ; select the ”full” link to switch to the full gmail version ( it looks slightly different than what you get with the first way ) . again , you should see the “details” link at the bottom of the page , which leads to the “activity on this account” page .
if " request desktop site " is not working then you can always change the user agent string to in browser options , it exists on the stock android browser menu -&gt; more -&gt; Settings -&gt; Advanced Settings -&gt; Select User Agent -&gt; [select one which ends with Desktop] currently i do not think " there is an app for that " :p
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
disabling fast boot may resolv the problem as it did for my brotrher
root is only required if you are installing a system app within the confines of the android os . if you can flash your own rom , you can bypass any restrictions that the os has , because you are able to do anything you want with a custom bootloader before the os has a chance to load and restrict things . if you are creating a custom rom ( off-topic for this site ) , you can edit the rom on a desktop and flash it to the phone . you could simply flash a file using a custom recovery ( such as twrp or clockworkmod ) . if you are on a stock phone with a locked bootloader , you could always root your phone temporarily , remount system as read-write , add the application , then remove root . as far as updates go , as long as the application in the system directory is signed by your key , you should be able to update it ( root not required ) . you will need a way to get updates out , though . you could post in the google play store , use a 3rd party store ( such as amazon app store or f-droid ) , or have the user download the app and side-load it . if you also wrote the app in question , you could probably program a way to self-update as well ( also off-topic for this site ) .
well , i guess the drivers need to be installed , why do not you try connecting your pc with the internet and then try connection you device . if it still does not works then i could not say much about it but i think the problem may lies because microsoft has take down support with the xp . so , i think that may be the reason behind !
you may try this : go to Run and type gpedit.msc and hit OK . go to Administrative template under Computer Configuration . then Custom Policy setting and select Click on Restrict Drives . double-click on disable usb removable drives . select disable for allow to usb removable drives and click OK . now go to Run again and type regdit and hit OK . navigate to the following registry path : HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\UsbStor click on usbstor , then click on start in the right panel . type 3 in value data box , and click on Hexadecimal , then click ok
assuming lookout just used the standard " owner info " and your device uses the same . . . Settings &gt; Security &gt; Owner info  then uncheck " show owner info on lock screen " or edit the text to be what you want .
do i just have something disabled that is preventing it from waking up ? there is no user-visible setting in android for disabling alarms . that would kind of defeat their purpose ! the only way you can have disabled alarms is if you have rooted the device and gone around uninstalling system apps or poking at the internals . if you have , we had need to know a lot more detail on what you have done to know if that is the cause , and the fix would probably be to flash a new rom . this does sound like the kind of system integration error you might find on an incredibly cheap tablet . not quite a hardware issue , but a bug in the device 's software . if it is , the only way to fix it would be to try to get an update from the manufacturer , but if you do not even know who they are , you might be out of luck .
according to this page , if you need to connect to the device with adb then you will have to connect to adb via tcp . to enter adb tcp mode enter adb connect &lt;device-ip-address&gt;:5555 to go back to adb over usb enter adb usb
i think you are saying you want the pc to be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to your phone ) but for the phone to also be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to this other device ) . no , that will not work . usb connections are based on a tree structure . given this : PC----Hub----OtherDevice | | Phone  Phone can not be the parent of OtherDevice unless it is also the parent of Hub and therefore the PC . you should connect the phone directly to the other device , and access the phone over the network from the pc as ryan says in his answer .
there is a known hardware issue with the htc g2 . mine used to be hung at a black screen randomly when i tried to turn the screen on and unlock it . if your warranty has not already expired , start the process to get a replacement . the replacement i got has not experienced any of those issues .
if you are talking about when your phone uploads to google+ automatically using the built-in instant upload , then you can just switch that off in the google+ notifications . in fact i think that you must have switched that on at some point because i am sure it was off by default for me . open the google+ app , press menu , select settings , press notification settings , and then scroll down to the photos category and take the tick out of " photos added from instant upload " . you will still get the red notification box at the top inside the google+ app , but will not get notified in the standard android notifications bar any more . the other notification settings are there too , if you want to tune any of the others .
it is impossible to tell , the effect of overclocking varies depending on the specific software and hardware . however it likely will not make any notable difference if you are only getting 7fps in a game . overclocking is highly unlikely to make an unplayable game improved to the point where the game becomes playable , except in very rare circumstances such as with games that have a speed budget to decide whether to frame skip and your phone is just barely below the budget which causes it to consistently frame skips and the extra processing power manages to push it to be consistently below the budget . some argue that raising clock speed alone does not really guarantee better performance , since microarchitecture and bus speeds are what determines ultimate performance . performance is a complex thing , but one thing for sure is that cpu is rarely the bottleneck in many applications . booting , for example , is io bound , the bottleneck of booting is how fast it can marshal data from the persistent storage to ram . in short , you will have to try it yourself .
there are two methods in order to factory reset your device : ( here is the source youtube video ) if your device is working but cant navigate or you got problems with screen . . then use the hardware method here -> follow the steps here : hold the volume up button with the power button and the home button , all at the same time , till you feel your phone vibrate . note : you can release the power button after the mobile vibrate . after the menu appears , use volume up and down to navigate to ' wipe data factory reset ' then select it by pressing the power button . then use the volume buttons again to select ' yes -- delete all user data ' and press the power button on it . now just wait tell it finish wiping , it will just wipe then the menu gets back again , after it gets back just select reboot the system . if your device is working and its display appears well , follow the the steps here : go to settings , backup and reset and select ' factory data reset ' . make sure that you made backup for your data . press on the ' reset device ' button appears at bottom of the screen . you will have to confirm your pin , enter your pin then go next . now confirm your decisions , if you want to factory reset your phone just press the delete all button .
i have experienced the same issue on my galaxy s2 ( android version 2.3.5 ) . it was cause by youtube , not the call app . when i saw the log related to youtube , i tried to start youtube by touching its icon , but it failed to start . you can try to see if you can start youtube now . then i went to " settings/application/manage applications " and found " youtube " . cleared its data and cache . now try to start youtube again . if it cannot start , check if you has disabled data sync . enable it in " settings/account and sync/background data " . try to sync your data to allow youtube to update . after youtube is updated , it should be ok for the call app to work properly . hope this can also fix your problem . cheers .
are you able to replicate the same error on other computers and oss ? if it is just your computer , remove all drivers and related software and then connect your device and add them again . otherwise , you can attempt to ftp to your device using solid explorer . it does not require a cable ; you had be able to transfer files over wifi ( albeit a little slower ) .
i have a galaxy note 2 . i opened a new message and at the top of the screen is a keyboard symbol . i pulled down the screen to then be able to " choose input method " which i tapped on . i then tapped " set up input methods " and tapped the settings icon next to " samsung keyboard " which then allowed me to de-select predictive text . i have now been able to customise my settings a little .
go to google play books , find the book ( s ) , click on the menu ( three vertical dots ) , choose " remove from my library " , and agree to the confirmation that pops up . the books should now be gone from your library and will , once your device syncs , be gone from the device as well .
the media scanner " indexes " the music , videos , images , etc on the sdcard so other apps do not have to scan the entire sdcard to know about them . another feature that uses this is the ringtones/notifications , if it does not scan , you will only be able to select the ringtones/notifications that are located on the device , not ones that are on the sdcard . you can prevent media scanner from indexing a specific folder by creating a file called " . nomedia " in the folder you want ignored . i do not believe that this file is recursive though , so if there are sub-folders , and you dont want them scanned , you would have to create it there too .
provided you are rooted and your rom supports changing the boot animation , there are a number of apps in the play store . here 's one - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jrummy.apps.boot.animations
the problem here is that adb forwarding attaches itself to the local loopback interface ( 127.0.0.1 ) , and you have no forwarding from the lan interface ( 192.168.43.198 ) to the loopback interface . the method you can use to achieve this depends on your platform . i do not know what you could use in windows , but on linux you can use rinetd and on osx you can use ipfw linux : add the following lines to your /etc/rinetd.conf: # bindaddress bindport connectaddress connectport 192.168.43.198 40000 127.0.0.1 40000  then restart rinetd with service rinetd restart or /etc/init.d/rinetd restart . osx : ipfw add fwd 127.0.0.1,40000 tcp from any to 192.168.43.198 dst-port 40000 
beats audio is anadvertised as an outstanding feature of top htc phones . why should htc remove an advertised feature with a software update ? of course will it continue to work . i fail to see why one may question this .
i have not tried this myself but the following supposedly helps in getting a faster lock for samsung 's galaxy range of android devices . make sure gps satellite and wireless networks has been activated . then try with google maps . if you want to go back to the default setting : see if that helps . other users have also reported issues with the galaxy range of not receiving sms messages immediately after returning out of airplane mode . seems a touch buggy . . .
update : check unifiedremote -- site reference . requires windows and .netframework 4 . older reference , have you tried uremotedesktop ? designed to remote control any ubuntu desktop pc . ( also can be used on windows , but was designed for ubuntu ) . change music ( previous , next , play/pause , mute ) on ubuntu any player on system . ( totem , songbird &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; no need on focus the app ) . on windows ( windows media player presenter functions ( next , previous ) compatible with power point and openoffice . screen control / desktop control remote wifi keyboard
if you can build and install a modified kernel ( or perhaps just drivers ) and root filesystem , and there exists driver source to use these on a desktop linux , then it should be possible . you might be able to re-write the driver to function via the usb host apis without root , but it would probably take root level access to get the result seen as a network interface . though without that you might still be able to make an on-device proxy server to get a browser to use it .
it is difficult to say with absolute certainty , but generally speaking that is not possible . some devices can be patched and hacked to include support for this , but i am not aware of one for the samsung galaxy s ii on any kernel . the flash drive , mouse and keyboard support is built-in to android whereas usb network dongles need to be hacked on to it . i know it is possible on a number of nvidia platfoms to connect huawei usb dongles , but on the samsung gear , i have never seen a way . in short , that is not known to be possible on the samsung galaxy s ii ics .
you can open a telnet connection to the avd : telnet localhost 5554  then once connected : power capacity 100  or power status full  source : android developers : using the emulator
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
you can dial <code> *#*#sellmore#*#* or *#*#73556673#*#* </code> and you will not see the demo mode anymore , but a normal retail phone does not have demo mode activated . . . and you have to consider that demo-activated phones does not have warranty . edit : as onik said , if your tablet does not have dialer application installed , so you have to access the service menu for inserting service commands , so you can do the following as described in the link : xperia tablet z : how to access the service menu
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
on cm go to settings > applications open the application you want to restrict . scroll down to the permissions section and strike off internet access by clicking on the permission . alternatively you could use an application like lbe privacy guard to restrict access . with this method you can restrict any permission . sometimes apps start force-closing when you revoke permissions so be careful !
google now is guessing , based on where and when you spend your time . if it is wrong , simply edit it . once manually set it will not guess anymore .
i do it with tasker . note : needs secure settings plugin w/ system+ enabled start hacking ( 11 ) a1: secure settings [ configuration:input method/hacker 's keyboard package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings timeout ( seconds ) :0 ] stop hacking ( 12 ) a1: secure settings [ configuration:input method/swiftkey package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings timeout ( seconds ) :0 ] very straightforward - 1 profile linking desired apps with the enter/exit tasks above . over here someone generalized it to return to whatever the previous input method was : https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!topic/tasker/gmkpiqy6l7c but , like op , these are the only keyboards i use so " hard coding " swiftkey was alright with me .
currently , there is no stable solution available , but you can try keyswap to associate specific keyboard to an app . as android does not allow an app to change input method programatically , your device needs to be rooted for this to work .
there are apk 's out there . i use it on my desire and it is a great keyboard alternative .
answering your questions : the beta is still running http://beta.swype.com/ the beta is currently closed
this might seem like running in circles , but try downloading and installing the " uninstaller " app http://www.appbrain.com/app/uninstaller/com.rhythm.hexise.uninst and use that to remove super manager . i can not speak on super manager itself , but i know i have run into problems with not being able to uninstall things before , and this app has helped out . then , once super manager is gone , you can just uninstall the uninstaller app and you are no worse for the wear . good luck !
by menu , i am assuming you are referring to the app drawer . i do not know if the stock samsung launcher gives you the ability to hide apps , but several 3rd party launchers offer that functionality . apex and nova both give you the ability to hide and create custom app groups in the drawer . there are free versions of both in the market with each offering a paid version with expanded functionality .
this is a power consumption thing . most time when you are not using a smartphone it is in suspended state . i.e. , as many as possible components are off and do not consume power . awake means the cpu is in the running state . this usually means you are using it and the screen is also on . android devices also regularly wake up to check email , push notifications and so on even when thescreen is off . also playing music or using navigation both with screen off forces the cpu to be awake . hence your finding : more awake -> more battery drain
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
you need to install custom recovery and flash new roms from this recovery . if you choose the correct custom rom for you phone and follow the developer 's installation guide , there will not be any problem . if you wanna know where you can find custom roms for your phone , take a look at this question . i recommend xda developers . you can find a lot of roms with user 's reply so you can consider before flashing the rom .
if you are already rooted and using a custom rom you probably have a recovery installed . you wont have any problem if you change the rom but make sure you have made a nandroid backup before doing anything so that you can revert back to your current state in case anything goes wrong . choose the new custom rom wisely and follow the instruction therein and you will be alright .
first of all try booting it into recovery mode . to enter recovery mode turn the device off and hold vol up , vol down , home and power . when the phone vibrates let go of the buttons and it should boot into recovery mode . now using the volume keys to move up and down the list and the power button to select , go to wipe data/factory reset . select yes . wait for it to reset . now select reboot system now . if you still get stuck on the splash screen you will probably have to re-flash the firmware using odin . there are plenty of guides on youtube and xda for using odin to re-flash firmware , just watch any tutorial but use the firmware for your device , which you can get here http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ . simply search for your device ( s7562 ) and download the firmware for your country . i would tell you how to use odin but i have not used it for quite a while but it is pretty simple , all you really do is press a button , good luck .
i do not know whether or not this is going to help in your case , but a friend told me that if you set your language to english us ( as opposed to english gb , ca , au , nz etc . ) , you get a different/better voice recognition engine .
a backup never is a bad idea , so right after you get root access , you should : do a full nandroid backup ( which creates images of your partitions , so you always can revert to this state by simply restoring them ) use titanium backup to make a full backup of all your apps and their settings ( so you can re-install a selection when needed ) freezing does not remove anything , and it is fully revertible . i always recommend to first freeze a single app , then check for potential side-effects , and only remove it if there were none . titanium backup even offers to create a homescreen shortcut to freeze/unfreeze an app ( like a toggle : if frozen , the app gets unfrozen and vice-versa ) , which is nice for apps you rarely use but which always annoy you ( for me , this is google maps , which i need maybe 2-3 times a year but is running permanently in background -- so i freeze it when not needed , and simply unfreeze it when i need it ) . basically , freezing an app simply hides it away from all activities . i am not sure how that works technically , but i compare it with the " execution flag " of a unix/linux binary : if not set , the binary does not get executed . so no background services or any other activities from this app , though it is still installed . in short : freezing is the safe variant , as it easily can be undone . it also does not touch the apps data . removing an app is final : without a backup available , it is simply gone , including its data . additional ressources you might want to look up for this topic : unistall a system app without root ? how can i uninstall applications that are locked by phone vendor ? how to remove / disable the bloatware apps in the htc one x bye-bye , bloatware : disable system apps in android ice cream sandwich
am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  more info about shell commands : an archived version of the androidwiki page
consider taking at look at the following link : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html input keyevent KEYCODE_HOME
you need to modify the ro.build.display.id= field in the file called build . prop within your rom .
providing the o/s is up to date enough to run most of the apps at the " store " then it is simply a case of downloading one of the few apps already dedicated for security captures . there are a few apps that allow pictures to be taken and uploaded via ftp and one i seen had a motion sensor option . another option would be a vnc type connection so you can manually control the functions of the recycled phones . again if the phone is able to run these programs , these apps already exist . if you were writing the code you would need to target early versions of android o/s to find your niche among the other cool apps that do what you are picturing . if you are asking if anyone has had the idea to use these " recycled " phones and redistribute them in one way or another , i have never seen any that market used smartphones as a security network . there are projects that can activate old phones for the needy , some that donate to soldiers , and a few that recycle the precious metals inside but i have yet to find any that fit your question as asked . however for the prices mentioned you can get dedicated ip cameras for close to the same cost . if your company were to take donated phones with the intent of refurbishing and redistributed to the " under privileged " or lower income families for extra security you may have a better chance of attracting supporters / backers . interesting concept , absolutely feasible , i hope you are successful .
no , there is not . the official product website does not offer this as a feature , and i have tested with its little brother , the moga pro . incidentally , i have never noticed any lag or unresponsiveness when using a moga pro with a nexus 10 on 4.2 or 4.4.2 . perhaps your lag can be blamed on a specific app you are running ?
no , what matters for clarity is acuity , or the " number of pixels versus screen size versus viewing distance " . a 800x480 image shown on a 100" monitor seen 30 cm viewing distance would look awfully pixelated , while 480x320 screen on a 2" monitor seen at the same viewing distance would look very sharp . lg optimus s has a 480x320 pixels on a 3.2 inch screen ( i.e. . 2.66x1.78 inch screen ) . the pixel density of lg optimus s is ( 480/2.66 = 320/1.78 ) = 180 pixel per inch , iow the size of a single pixel is 1/180 inch . on a viewing distance of 20 cm ( the typical viewing distance for a phone ) , 180 pixel per inch translates to 0.04233 arcminute per pixels . for comparison , human eyes can resolve 0.3 arcminute in a good lighting condition . the extra resolution gives programs two options ; it can either use it to fit more stuff in the same area , or it could use higher resolution images and produce sharper display . home screens often do not do the first since it will make the icons smaller and more difficult to press , instead they calculate the amount of stuff to fit from the actual physical size of the screen instead of the resolution .
to answer your question , yes screen resolution matters in the use of third-party application . although by design a application should not care what the resolution is but over all the applications i have installed on my phone it is clear that the larger the resolution the more the application becomes visible . take one of the default application , as an example , if you were to use a smaller resolution parts of the application will become hidden . sometimes the options are not accessible because of a designer forgetting to acknowledgment the possibility of smaller resolution . i suggest to get a phone capable of larger resolutions , or find an android build that can mimic the larger resolutions .
you will not be able to do this without being rooted . lots of custom roms ( custom android oss ) will have this built in , or there are apps to do this as well .
the logo you are referring is known as Boot Logo . you can only change this if your phone 's rooted . after that you can change the logo by replacing logo.bin from the system folder manually or your can flash any zip file through cwm/twrp custom recovery 's .
you have to be rooted , but any boot animation changer can do this . here is an example from the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jrummy.apps.boot.animations
angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files . i do not believe it is backed up to google . normally all that is backed up is your list of apps , certain settings , contacts , etc . so your wipe data would have erased it . i always use titanium backup to save my apps and their data . and when i do something risky like flash a beta rom that might wipe the phone storage , i back up titanium 's backup folder to my pc .
no , you do not have to reload or delete anything . however do make sure you take a nandroid backup before you install one of those kernels . you can potentially get into a reboot-loop that can only be broken by flashing another ( lower mhz ) kernel or restoring to a previous nandroid backup . i went from stock kernel to now running the ultra low voltage 800mhz chevyno1 kernel . i could not get it go any faster with ultra low voltage without a reboot-loop . basically you will start with the lowest processor speed kernel at a certain voltage and work your way up . so try ulv 800mhz , if it runs stable at 800mhz , try the 1ghz , then the 1.1ghz , etc . if you are wanting to conserve battery , then try the ulv kernel . if you are wanting processor speed , the lv kernel should be just fine . your mileage will vary because no two droid processors are made exactly a like ( because these kernels are going outside of the processor 's design specifications ) .
contact your hosted exchange provider to turn the push off . they are enforcing it . another way : turn your email notification off or set its ringtone ' silent ' . but , its inconvenient .
install juicedefender and set it to only allow data connections with the interval you want . you might need one of the paid versions if you need this to work on wifi as well .
the dialog you mention is nothing to do with usb debugging : it is because the device 's storage is mounted ( via mtp or usb mass storage ) , and some app has a file open from that storage . it could be that you have a file manager window looking at the device 's storage , or that your music player software is automatically indexing files on it , or something else . to avoid the dialog , you need to find and close whatever software on your desktop computer has files from the phone open . on linux you can use the lsof tool to help ; on windows you just have to guess .
from command prompt you can enter the following command adb kill-server  and then try ejecting .
this just happened to me too , and a simple Power off then Power on solved the problem . ( if one could avoid clearing data , this is even better )
you can create a launcher app shortcut on the desktop ( long press on the desktop then shortcuts ; or something like that , can not remember the exact menu ) , then drag the launcher to the middle button . i have also often had this as well , accidentally removing the launcher shortcut every time i want to delete the shortcut , it is part of the reason i no longer uses adw .
you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the launcher , and clear data for it . hopefully that will restore it to default .
/dev/block/mmcblk0p6 is not a real file , it is a virtual file representing a block device ( that is why it is in /dev/block ) . ' mmcblk0p6' denotes that it is the sixth partition of the first mmc card . i am not really sure why you want to cat that file .
are you sure that the problem comes from the handset ? sometimes , it is only the time required to be paired with the closest bts ( or nodeb in 3g ) , and you can not do anything but require explicitly the network by placing a call . the most common way to do this is to call your answer machine , which is free and always instructive : )
i am on a custom rom using android 4.2.2 and i can change exactly that behaviour in system settings &gt; lock screen &gt; maximize widgets ( translated naming from german version ) ( i am using novalauncher if that matters )
well , widgets designed for the lock screen are minimized by default . the purpose is is to avoid accidental app starts and to save battery power . so you are better off with minimized lock screen widgets . if you still need to have the widgets maximized , you have to go for a third party lock scrren app . i found active lock screen app and widgetlocker lockscreen app which seemed useful for you .
yes , there is . the first one coming to mind ( forgive me , it looks like this is one of my standard answers here meanwhile ) is tasker , the most complete automation tool for android . it lets you define actions based on events ; so for your case , you could let the event hardware -> camera button pressed trigger the action " display off " . you want to turn it on again the same way -- so simply make it two " profiles " , and combine two events : " camera button pressed " and " state -> display : on " ( with the " task " to turn the display off ) , and with " display : off " the other way round . remark : there is a 7 day trial version available on the developers website , so you do not need to buy tasker straight away without being able to test it . as soon as you have got everything configured , export your configuration . so if after those 7 days you still cannot decide whether to buy , simply uninstall tasker , install it again , and import your configuration . before you hit me : that is what the developer himself wrote , so nothing illegal .
reset to current date , and i can definitely say a secure website will open .
did you guys checkout the updated amazon 's official help documentation ? how can i delete an app from the my apps list ? visit your apps from a web browser . select " delete this app " from the " actions . . . " drop down menu to the right of the app you had like to delete . confirm you had like to delete the app and your app will be removed from the my apps list on all android devices registered to your account . if the app has been downloaded to a device , it will have to be manually uninstalled .
just fyi , they have instructions posted on their site under the " your apps and device " section of amazon.com/apps , support should have been able to respond to that very quickly . uninstall is definitely lacking in the app itself . note : if you uninstall the amazon appstore itself , some apps downloaded through it may no longer function , this was confirmed with angry birds rio by droid-life .
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
you can turn off all internet data over the mobile network using settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled personally , i connect to wifi at home and with reasonably heavy use of email , chat and web browsing when away from home , i only use about 200m of data a month .
depends entirely on how many contacts you have , how often they change , how often you set it to sync , etc . paying for data as you go is generally a bad idea with an android phone , they use a lot . you should be able to shut off 3g though ( probably dependent on the phone ) and just use wifi . although , it might be more difficult to prevent it from using 2g data . some phones let you use wifi while the phone is in airplane mode , which would shut off both 3g and 2g . android has the ability to store wifi credentials and connect automatically .
you can definitely connect to wpa protected wireless and your phone will connect automatically when you are within range of a known wireless network . you can use apndroid to cut off your 3g altogether . take a look at : how can i prevent my google g-1 from using any kind of internet ? if you have got wireless at home and you are there every night , your phone will be able to sync your contacts , etc . over night .
found this in a sony xperia manual : safe mode temporarily disables all applications that have been installed via the android market . performing this troubleshooting step is necessary to determine whether a 3rd party application is the cause of an operating system / application issue . safe mode should always be performed prior to a hard ( factory ) reset . the safe mode is there to provide repair in case one of the applications causes the phone to behave strangely or misbehave . the phone has to be rebooted into safe mode , which can be done by pressing the power button and holding one of the keys . the second key in some phones :  - volume down/up button - menu button - home button - back button - other type of button  when you enter safe mode there is a label " safe mode " at the bottom of the screen ( left or right corner ) . in some phones the debugging menu has more options in safe mode , all related to application management .
i am not sure about logging but , safe mode disables many system services during boot . on some systems it can bypass the security pattern or pin . i have not found any additional features . it seems to be more for reducing features for the sake of diagnostics . windows has a similar feature . i have posted a link on starting safe mode on a variety of devices for others to use ; however , it probably will not show up until i gain a bit of rep . safe mode for android
i have the same problem . i am using apple wireless keyboard and android ics 4.0 . i can pair and connect them both , but there is no additional ime in the input list . checking and unchecking the use as input option does not change anything . i am not sure if there should be one but some say bluetooth keyboard is supported out of the box in ics . also , some youtube videos show users who managed to connect them and typing right away without choosing any ime or anything . i am using bluekeyboard jp ( works well for me ) for the time being until i find a way to get it work natively without a third-party app .
found a possible solution from android central questions give it a shot . specifically , this post says to do the following : when pairing the keyboard with your device , it will prompt you to enter a pin and say " try 0000 or 1234 . " you need to : step 1 ) enter "0000" on your android device ( tablet or phone keyboard ) step 2 ) hit " okay " step 3 ) type "0000" and hit enter on your bluetooth keyboard
i had a similar issue with my nexus 4 after flashing the factory images what fixed it for me was going into [ stock ] recovery and selecting clear cache and doing a factory wipe , that seemed to fix the partition sizes oh also check to see that you have the latest bootloader on the device too , check out https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images for the most recent factory images
i confirm that setting the photo using the phone fixes the resolution , at least in some places ( my starred list seems to insist on low resolution ) . surprisingly , it turns out that if we add the contact to the starred in android group from contacts app in desktop , and then set the high-resolution photo , when this change gets synced with the phone the resolution gets fixed as well .
google contacts supports max . resolution of 98x98 apparently . hope they will fix this soon . anyway if you set high res . photos in the phone they will be displayed accordingly until you restore again your contacts from google servers .
for all that they have improved the facebook app for android lately , it is still woefully underpowered . i do not see any way to filter anything within the app .
you will need to filter it through the web interface , then you will not see them in the fb app .
to control the breadth of activities this app declares for itself , it probably has set itself up as a device administrator , to control the ability to run many aspects of your device automatically . it probably hides itself from uninstall while device administrator rights are active . i would start by searching settings> security> device administrators , and deselect the android lost app . once deselected here , check the task list to see if it has stopped running . force close if necessary . it may then appear on the settings> application manager list to allow for uninstall . if not , attempt a reboot , and check the task list again . if necessary , force close the app again and attempt an uninstall . understanding of these types of apps and their unmittigated control is why downloading from unknown sources is intentionally complicated .
at least on 2.2.1 i can see the options to use certificates . first you have to install the certificates by placing them on your sdcard and using Settings -&gt; Location and security -&gt; Install encrypted certificates . then you can add the network from Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings -&gt; Add Wi-Fi network . select 802.1x EAP as the security mode and then just configure the settings to work for your network . can not test myself since we do not use wpa-enterprise class security , but it should be this straightforward .
maybe you could try changing to the install location to usb storage . it is already detecting it as usb storage , so maybe this would work . by the way , have you got a memory card inserted ?
i had a similar issue where i could not figure out what was taking up my phone 's storage . i used an app called diskusage to visualise the issue and find the folder causing the problem .
when i was developing two years ago i altered the gps settings on the device and they started outputting . txt files to the sd card . this made no sense to me and after looking into it if an application installed has this issue it will persist until the application is removed . i can not remember the folder location . i want to say /sdcard/gps/* but here is a reference if this was the issue : sd card fills up with gps/* . txt files
you might wish to run adb logcat for investigation . but that might only be helpful if you know how to trigger the issue . another approach would be , as you already indicated : start with a factory reset . you know that with a " fresh device " the issue does not happen , as described by your question install back only a part of your apps ( the ones you feel most essential ) , but not more than ~50% . see if the issue still happens . yes : the problematic app was in this batch no : the problematic app was not in this batch start over at 1 . , this time with the other half . does the issue show up again ? if 2 . + 3 . are answered " no " , it might as well be a combination of apps . if the issue shows up only in either 2 . or 3 . ( but not in both cases ) , start narrowing down . i will assume here it was part of 3 . , switch items if it was the other way around : starting over with factory-reset and installing the first half of your apps . split the other half in two again , and repeat as above this procedure should help you finding the culprit , while still being able to use your device and as much of your apps as possible . of course , you could also start with factory-reset and then install each app one-by-one ( which might be the safer approach ) – but as the issue might not show up immediately ( may even take a day or more ) , the above might be more practical .
being aware it is not a full fledged solution but rather a work-around ( it is still unclear what is causing the underlying issue ) , this answer sums up what we figured being a work-around at least : as the files/directories do not show up the usual way via " sharing the sdcard " , they can still be accessed by other means . one example is using adb : using adb pull files can be transfered from the device to the computer , and with adb push in the other direction . examples : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/ E:\audio\phone would take the entire folder /sdcard/Sounds and save it as E:\audio\phone on the computer adb push E:\audio\phone /sdcard/Sounds/ for the opposite culprit : types of " source " and " target " must match . if " source " is a file , " target " must be a file as well : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/some.mp3 E:\audio\phone would fail as the source is a file and the target a directory . other draw-backs can be worked around as well : if you prefer a graphical solution over playing at the command line , there are several good guis available , e.g. qtadb droid explorer ( by our member ryan conrad ) and several more . as a side-effect of installing adb , you have got a powerful tool ready which will certainly help you with many other things ! for getting adb to work without installing the full sdk , please refer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? more adb related information can be found via our adb tag and its tag-wiki . alternatives include several " wifi file managers " , which are too many to be listed here . so if you rather want a " simple app installed " on your android device , and then do everything with your browser , you might wish to take a look at the following lists : manage your android device from your computer ftp server various file servers
multiple approaches here , none tried myself as i never had that issue : first , before manually altering the symlinks , you might need to re-mount the root file system read-write . still , even if you succeed this way , you might have to repeat the actions after each reboot – so let 's check for other alternatives . there are several apps availabe which care for this kind of problem , some of them even specific to samsung devices . a good candidate is probably root external 2 internal sd , which " swaps " the two cards just the way you want to do it . no manual fiddling with init.rc or vold.fstab required .
as far as i know , you can change this by editing /system/etc/vold.fstab , but if it does not have what you need , you might have to tamper with init.rc inside boot.img . i am not sure if what you are aiming to do is safe though , what with the recent switch to fuse sdcards .
is your phone still using the stock recovery ? that may be the problem . if you are trying to flash / update clockworkmod ( cwm ) zips , then you need to have cwm recovery on your phone . an easy way to install cwm would be described in this answer ; needs root .
it turned out , that when i set system language to russian , smart dialer adds russian letters . i used morelocale2 to add russian system language . and i had to use the " pm grant " trick to make morelocale2 work .
if the phone is on the charger , a lot of the lock screens will show the battery percentage or " charged " if at 100% .
try this app battery minder . it alerts the user if the battery is low or fully charged .
"100%" is not as straightforward a concept as you might think on android . have a read of this : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/25/your-smartphones-battery-gauge-is-lying-to-you-and-its-not-such-a-bad-thing/
i had the same problem… . . downloading the firmware update from asus ( from the hd7 tablet ) appear to have solved the problems . remember , you must un-mount the micro sd before removing it……………… see manual http://dlcdnet.asus.com/pub/asus/eeepad/me173x/e8255_k00b_me173x_em.pdf good luck good luck
my wife is having the same issue . it seems to be related to how you hold or handle the tablet . if she hands it to me and i am handling it by the top right corner , it will almost always sense the card is not there . as soon as i change where i am holding it by the card is mounted again . it seems like the card is loosing contact with the port by a minor flexing ( just by the weight of the tablet itself ) when you handle the top right corner only . it is annoying .
you are correct : an app called tasker can do this . the feature you want to turn off/delay is called keyguard : turning this off disables the password/pin lock screen . so you could setup a task turning that off on the condition the screen is turned off , then wait 10 min , and re-activate it again . additionally , you might want to take a look at the secure settings addon for tasker , which gives you some more fine-grained options towards this ( and plenty of other benefits ) . using this addon , you could e.g. have your device require the pin/password unlock only once , and then not asking for it anymore ( useful e.g. at home ) .
try wiping it from recovery . warning , it removes all data from phone .
press and hold volume up and home ( center ) button press power until the phone vibrate wait until you see the android logo then release all the buttons . select wipe data/factory reset with volume down , press power ( right hand-side ) select yes -- delete all user data with volume down and then press power after format , press power again to reboot phone . ( select reboot system now )
exchange is trying to apply your organization 's default activesync policy to your device . more than likely , the refresh interval setting on the activesync policy has a number set in hours . unchecking this box may resolve the issue . we are having this issue with a couple of our android devices after publishing a new activesync policy . here is microsoft 's official response on the issue .
is orbot a reasonable option ? does not do what you are describing but does protect your content . guardian has a decent number of encryption apps .
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
i am using cyanogen 10 mod and there is an option to set " always on vpn " . i did not test it but it says " select a vpn to always stay connected to . do not allow any network activity unless vpn is connected . " not sure what version this was added in . i am on 10.1 on motorola xoom tablet cdma .
as for the " automatically connect to wi-fi nodes " part , the wi-fi ruler app is very good . it will automatically connect to aps , then it will actually try them to see if they have internet connectivity ( and blacklist them and try another one if they do not ) , automatically approve clickwalls ( panera , starbucks , . . . ) , save aps under different priority profiles , etc . combined with something that keeps a persistent tunnel going , this should be a solution .
you are almost right . capacitive screens can detect anything that is conductive or has a dielectric difference to air . here 's a good wikipedia article about this . if you carry your phone in a pocket , you can easily activate the screen without noticing it . try this : put some cloth ( eg . jeans ) between your hand and the screen , now if you press it hard enough the touch will register . if a button is accidentally pressed while you slip it into your pocket and you have lockscreen disabled , it is that much easier for your butt to dial someone . and you do not want that do you ?
capacitive or not , the default android behavior is that the touchscreen is disabled when screen is off so you always need to press a physical button to wake up the screen . if the physical buttons in your device cannot be easily accidentally pressed while the device is in your pocket/bag/wherever-you-usually-put-your-phone and you do not need the security of a password/pin/face-unlock , then there should be no issue to use no lockscreen . fyi , this option is available in stock android 4.0 .
well , nobody seemed to be able to answer this question , so i went ahead and applied the update . overall , i am glad i did . i have not noticed any significant change in performance . i could take or leave most of the ui changes included in touchwiz , but there are a few things in the new ui that are very nice . one is that toggles for things like bluetooth , wifi , and auto-rotation are now immediately accessible in the notifications pop-up when you touch the notification tray . another nice thing is a dedicated screenshot button that appears next to the regular android buttons in the control bar at the bottom . press it at any time for an instant screenshot . i have not noticed that any features have been disabled . i do not have a 3g-capable tablet , so i do not know if the " portable wi-fi hotspot " functionality would be affected by the update . but everything else i have tried functions as it did before . also , an unexpected bonus to the upgrade is that samsung released a bunch of new apps bundled with the new ui , some of which are very useful . the ebooks app especially is nice for me , it reads epub and pdf files , and it formats epubs better and performs faster than some of the other apps i have tried ( like fbreader ) . there is also an app for making adjustments to photos , and a few others that i have not really used . the new touchwiz ui also includes a handful of mini-apps that can be launched from the android control bar at any time . these apps appear in small windows that float over whatever other apps you are running , and they can be moved around . none of these apps are really awesome , but some are useful . for example , you can bring up a mini-view of your calendar , a small music player , or a note pad you can type into or draw on , without leaving the app you were using before . it is kind of a neat idea , although i am glad this is not a standard android feature or there would be way too many apps written this way , and android would lose a lot of its ease-of-use .
the information comes from the misc partition . . /dev/block/platform/sdhci-tegra . 3/by-name/misc if you dd if= . . . . of=/sdcard/misc . img then do an adb pull /sdcard/misc . img you will see . . i stuffed up a root and had cdma crap in there from one of the updates . . now no 3g either : ) but that is where it queries the information from . . doens't do an mdm_ctrl commands to extract it or anything .
overclocking should not actually damage your battery but it will make it drain quicker and as a side effect of that have a shorter overall life . overvolting ( giving the cpu more volts ) could however damage your battery ( overvolting can be common practise when applying a generous overclock ) but of course this all depends on what device you are on and what processor it has in , some processors that are understood by devs better can be overclocked more safely .
it seems that it is hw issue . unfortunately it occurred at the same time as i upgraded to ics , but it is a hw issue .
this may be a long shot but check the camera lens , it might have a small piece of see through plastic that starts to get worn out . pictures on my new phone were blurry right from the start and i did not know what to do . then i noticed that the lens felt a bit rubbery , so i scratched very carefully with my nails and to my amazement the small piece of rubber was removed . now i have 100% clear pictures .
i had the same issue but fixed it by resetting my camera settings . first switch off your phone and switch it back on , then reset your camera settings .
not exactly that way , but you might wish to take a look at business tasks : business tasks ( click for larger image ) as the screenshot shows , you can put a contact as task , and then simply hit the phone symbol to place a call ( calls up the dialer ) . unfortunately , this seems to require the contact being in your contacts list . i have just tried to place a note with a phone number inside ; was not " clickable " . though that might be worth a ping to the devs , which are quite responsive and might be adding that feature in some way . alternatively , you might wish to take a look at number saver . according to this answer it automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it . until the business tasks devs put it in an update , a combination might do . cheap work-around might also be to put a contact shortcut on your homescreen . but again , this would require the person to be in your contacts list . finally , there is clipboard dialer : this little tool enables you to extract all phone numbers from what ever text is in your clipboard . it will present a list of all numbers it finds giving you an easy way to call , sms or create a new contact .
with google now just say , " google remind me to call 555-1234 at 2 pm "
the issue is with your cpu going to sleep once the screen turns off . this behavior is different on different phones ( some do it , some keep it active ) , but it can be changed with a special app such as these : since you are using cyanogenmod , i assume you know what you are doing , but it bears saying : pay attention to the warnings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tegrak.overclock https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.sineo.android.nofrillscpu https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mhuang.overclocking
i do not believe there is any way to get it to keep running while the display is off , though i could be wrong . what you could do is turn the screen brightness down all the way , and then use an app like screen filter to make the screen even darker . at it is minimum setting , this will almost have the effect of turning the screen off , while letting everything still run . i am not sure modern screens even still suffer from burn in though . some do suffer from ghosting , but that goes away fairly quickly . burn in like on old crt monitors was permanent .
instead of going the whole " multicast over reverse tethering " way , which to me , does not make any sense at all , you should evaluate if a vpn setup with multicast enabled ( plus optionally reverse tethering ) may be a solution to your problem . on a second thought : vpn + reverse tethering is basically " multicast over reverse tethering "
you can not run x86_64 binaries on an x86 system , regardless of whether it is real or emulated . you need to install an x86 binary of busybox .
your phone 's internal storage is not the sd card , it is the internal partition where all apps and app data goes to . there is an automatic decision to put excessive data somewhere else ( the sd card ) if an app is too big . your app was already installed to the sd card and you therefore have an option to move it back to the internal storage . there are mainly the following sections : /system - the firmware sits here . write protected . /data - all apps and app data goes here . /mnt/sdcard - this is your external sdcard . also referred to as external storage there are some other but the above 3 are the most important/interesting ones if free space in the internal section ( /data ) is low , android allows to move certain apps/data from /there to the sd card to free space .
you can that following these steps : select the image ( s ) you want to upload click on " copy " , it is in the lower bar , at left in another tab , open the folder where you want to upload your image ( s ) click on the clipoard icon at left click on " paste all "
instead of selecting the pictures folder , you have to select the corresponding dcim folder select the images instead of copy , select the other options menu in the right corner select copy to from that menu a different browser dialog will appear where you can select the cloud storages as well
angel browser has a virtual page down button
hacker 's keyboard has page up/down keys which default browser and chrome handles properly . you can even make it appear outside of input context with " use permanent notification " option . that does not help much since having keyboard open all the time is a bit absurd , but proves the point that an app for having global page up/down could exist . ps . dolphin browser also has an option for mapping volume up/down to scroll by page and that is what i am trying to use right now .
uc browser has two kinds of tap scrolling . you can configure it to scroll up if you hit a non-link portion in the upper half of the screen or vice versa to scroll down . you can also elect to display two arrow buttons ( that you can drag around the screen so you can position them to your liking ) for tap to scroll . you can get it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ucmobile.intl note : as i write this , the uc browser hd ( specifically for tablets ) does not have this capability .
are these newly added contacts ? if you are adding new contacts and adding them as " phone " contacts and not " google " contacts , and you have syncing on , it may be syncing your google contacts to your phone , and deleting the ones that are not google contacts . this happened to me a couple of times .
google now has a device manager as part of google services where you can do a remote wipe : https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager at least put a pin lock on your device so that it will be harder to access . do not enable developer options / keep adb on all the time .
if you have tried to clear it from the apps settings for dropbox and google drive , you will find there are no defaults set , because the default is set with the app that opens the file , not the app you open it from . from apps in the device settings , go to office suite pro 's settings , and click clear defaults there .
make sure you are making the second partition primary . both partitions need to be primary , just because it is the second one it still is primary .
go to http://google.com/contacts from pc then log in and check your contact from there
this does not really answer the question , so just for the record if anybody else has the same issue : i do not know about other phones , but small sony ericssons have an interesting feature . they have small buttons in the corners of the screen . one of them is muting the microphone . and . . . as the user rises the phone to his ear , the screen that was turned off for the call turns on because the phone is moving , and the ear hits the mute button with an 50% chance . the other side swears and hangs the phone , so when i finally see the screen turning on again , the button and the mute sign is not there yet .
if your froyo is rooted , the hotspot works great-my wife uses her macbook with no problem .
the only tethering methods currently supported on blackberry services are via usb and bluetooth , and even then the only supported method relies on the blackberry desktop software . they do not currently support any wifi tethering or wifi hotspot functionality . i am not aware of any third party software for wifi tethering either , unfortunately . now if you had a froyo android phone you had have no problem :- )
the app has to support moving to the sd card . the feature should be in android 2.2+ . your phone does not have to be rooted in order to do it .
if you are rooted , you need at least android 2.1 . if not , you need at least android 2.2 . additionally , you can not move apps that do not support it .
there are 2 methods of app2sd : the official method pros : give the best experience with the least hassle , as you would never mistakenly move apps that should not be moved officially supported does not need rooted phones cons : only available in android 2.2 and above only apps that are specifically marked as movable by the author can be moved . the rooted method : pros : works on pre-2.2 phones you can move apps that you know are safe , but the author have not yet updated the app to support app2sd . more variations to suit your specific need , some variants of rooted app2sd will just move all applications , while some other variants allows you to choose which apps you want to move , or move only applications that supports app2sd . cons : phone must be rooted may cause system instability if you move apps that are not supposed to be moved ( e . g . home screen widgets , apps with background services , etc ) not officially supported can i move any apps to sd ? yes if you use rooted app2sd ; no , if you are using official app2sd . is there a specific version of andoid that i should run : 2.1 , 2.2 ? for rooted method , any version should be fine . for official method , you need android 2.2 or above . should my phone be rooted for that ? or stock version works too ? yes , for rooted method , you need rooted phones . for android 2.2 and above , no , stock version works .
no , is available for non rooted devices too . for non rooted devices is possible to move apps to sd too . but only for new android versions , starting at 2.2 . usually the apps must be prepared to allow the system to move it to the sd , but you can on you android device ( 2.2 ) move any app to the sd , prepared or not . this is done with this commands : adb shell pm setInstallLocation 2 so answering you : q1 ) can i move any apps to sd ? a : yes q2 ) is there a specific version of andoid that i should run : 2.1 , 2.2 ? a : 2.2 q3 ) should my phone be rooted for that ? or stock version works too ? a : no root needed , should work on every android 2.2 device note : do it at your own risk , i mean , widgets on sd will not be able to show on deskop , running services can stop working if they are moved to sd and you umount your card , etc . note2: you need the android sdk in order to use adb , you only need to download it from here http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html access and perform necessary steps to download the sdk , the adb command is on tools folder note3: if you run this command , only new installs will automatically go to the sdcard , already installed apps need to be moved manually
i got an answer on another forum . the part keeping the phone awake was shown here : mLocks.size=1: PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK 'com.commonsware.cwac.locpoll.LocationPoller' a ctivated (minState=0, uid=10069, pid=14026)  and by grepping the process id like so : ps | grep 14026  i found the name of the app that was causing the problem .
i have followed this guide and my phone is now unlocked . i would not recommend it for a beginner user , because it involves pretty advanced commands and procedures , and uses roms and tools from untrusted sources . proceed at your own risk ! the performed steps were basically : create a complete nandroid backup on the sd card . google for a stock rom for the specific phone model i owned , and the specific carrier that it is locked to . i found one on a random forum . this is not recommended for obvious security reasons , but i was desperate . if your carrier provides an official stock rom , i definitely recommend you prefer using it . googled for the adb drivers for my phone model . in this case , the motorola drivers worked fine . connected the phone to my computer and flashed the stock rom . in my case , this actually downgraded my phone from android 4.0.4 to 2.3.3 and unrooted it . performed the unlock procedure using the unlock code i had . rooted my phone again , and installed a new recovery menu applied the nandroid backup from the recovery menu . result : phone is back as it was before , but unlocked .
obviously you have network locked phone and correct unlock code . the problem is somebody typed wrong code too many times and therefor the phone will not accept the unlock code . the solution is to hard reset the phone - search google for hard reset instructions . once the hard reset is done the phone will accept your unlock code ! best regards , gsmwong
there is a sim lock and network lock - both distinctively different ! sim lock is to prevent phone from starting up unless a user 's pin is entered . network lock is what it is , tied to the carrier and requires the unlock code which can be bought for a fee . by the sound of it , a confusion arose , when it asked for the sim 's pin code that requires to be entered - which is not the network lock code ! it is selected and decided by the user . in short , sim lock has a maximum count of three times to enter the pin code and if unsuccessful and the maximum retry count has reached , the puk ( personal unblocking code ) code needs to be entered ! the puk code can be found on the original sim card plastic accompaniment as obtained by the original carrier . if this cannot be found , the only way is to take it back to the place of origin , where the sim card was bought and explain to the sales rep about it and may be charged ! ( now , they could easily be suspicious as in " handling a stolen handset " . . . get the original proof of purchase from the owner , documentation etc to back yourself up just-in-case ! ) edit ok , after clarifying with the op , who kindly showed the screenshot in their edited question , the message is slightly ambiguous which lead to my not being 100% sure if that message when fed into google ' translator is saying " pin unlock the sim network . " do not know if that is saying sim unlock pin or network lock hence the ambiguity . but further investigation lead to this thread , specifically post #3 which does back-up the op 's statement , despite the thread discussing about samsung , i would guess the same thing may apply to the motorola handset : i have also been told to remove cm9 and reinstall the stock rom in order for the unlock to work , but ( 1 ) i have no idea if this would actually help , and ( 2 ) i have never changed a rom before and , althouh i used cm9 to create a nandroid backup , i have no idea how to reinstall cm9 and then restore the backup . that makes perfect sense , as the stock rom would know how to handle the mechanism as its built into it specifically for the handset , so yes , a revert to the stock rom would be required which would obviously mean another op 's question to be posted separately or by per-chance , a quick google-fu to yield on how to revert back to original .
i managed to get my hands on one to test this and wi-fi tethering between the two worked fine , no apps required .
yes , that is how i occasionally browse on my nexus 7 . i use this app called as OpenGarden which has a very clean interface and uses vpn via bluetooth to connect to your internet enabled open . note : you need opengarden on your phone too . do not worry . it is a free app !
it seems that the messaging app has its own contacts app , with no way to configure it . how about using 3rd party alternatives ? i use go sms pro as replacement for the messaging app , and go contacts ex as replacement for the contacts app . with this combination , you can hide the sim contacts .
notifications , at least in cyanogenmod or aosp , are ordered in order or the last updated notification . if you have an app that updates the notification , then the notification will appear on top when it updates . there is currently no way to change this behaviour . note : some stock roms order the notifications into ongoing etc , this is the design of the manufacturer , and can also not be changed you should get something like what you are asking in cyanogenmod .
android is pretty resistant to faults resulting from sudden power loss , but there is always a risk of data corruption/loss , depending on open apps and files at the moment . have you tried holding the power button longer , for about 15 seconds ( until the screen goes black and the normal startup screen appears ) ? on my galaxy s this triggers a hard reboot , meaning that the phone forces itself to restart without regard to the usual shutdown process . i would think it is a bit friendlier than pulling the battery , but nevertheless , it is a " wrong " way to reboot .
holding Power + Vol Up for 10 seconds or so will reboot the phone into recovery . from recovery , i already have the option selected to reboot phone , so i can press the power button again . not sure what users can do if they do not have clockwork recovery .
i just did this , and it works . go into Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Market then clear data , and cache . i had to reboot the phone after . but once it reboots , go into the market , and the music section should be there .
ok i found it : Go to the Contact. Do not press Edit. Hit Menu. Hit Options. Select Ringtone. Set Ringtone.  seems wacky that you do not edit the contact to change the ringtone .
as far as i know there is no standard for sending coordinates ( such as a uri scheme like gps://[latitude],[longitude] ) , but you could use direct links to google maps . the format is https://maps.google.com/maps?q=[latitude],[longitude] . this enables most phones to create a link from the text , and the coordinates are easily available for copy/pasting to other apps as well .
you can encode your location in message by using locationmanager and smsmanager . check out these questions : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url
i would think that the following would probably be likely candidates : telephonyprovider settingsprovider ( maybe ) does the data network work if you reboot ? what if you restore with the " old sim " , then put in the new sim ?
[SMS/MMS/APN] Dialer Storage 2.2 .
my answers to your questions : there will be more than one app running on your system because some os tasks are also handled by apps . yes , you can make your app a home screen which will handling the start of the other apps ( or not ) not sure . it is possible that other devices ( like tvs ) are also running android .
while i agree with uwe on #1 , it does not correctly relate to your question . what you want is only one visible app , so the users cannot switch to any other . that is what kiosk mode is about : creating a " jail " to keep the user in -- while the " admin " can " break it " for configuration etc . ( which would e.g. require a password then ) . for alternative solutions on " kiosk mode " , just search our site for " kiosk " . second , there are a lot of " app lockers " and " child mode " apps available , which are also a variant of kiosk mode . simply search the playstore for " app-lock " to find a good selection . for #2 i must disagree with uwe : unless you are a developer , you cannot make " every app " a home screen ( the app must register as such ) . but this should be handled by the app providing the kiosk-mode -- so watch out that this feature is available with that ( keywords would include " autostart " , " launcher " or " homescreen" ) . not sure about #3 . i know there are big touchscreens around , but i have no idea how they can be operated by an android device . taking a good guess , " google tv " could be involved with that ; )
the hacked apk from here works : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=18058380postcount=147
i used z4root on samsung galaxy 3 , and it was quite smooth . the easiest way to root ( unroot ) android .
the xda post for z4root says that it is 100% compatible with samsung galaxy s and will provide a permanent root option . v1.2.0 : unroot support , fix for devices with small max file size such as i5700 , binaries in xbin rather than bin so it says it will unroot ? i have not used this method to root any phones , so i can not vouch for it .
z4root was a very nice simple app ( at least , v . 1.3.0 worked for sgs on froyo 2.2 ) , but after i upgraded samsung galaxy s to gingerbread ( 2.3.5 ) , this rooting method became nonfunctional . the phone can be rooted with superoneclick though .
i have rooted my sgs with z4root and it was a very smooth process ! i can highly recommend z4root ! and while you are at it , continue with installing one click lag fix to make your sgs lag a lot less ! i did it , and have not looked back since . oclf is made by the same guy who made z4root , but for some weird reason , oclf can , by itself , only root pre-froyo phones . but that is not a big problem , you just need 2 apps instead of one : )
wifi file explorer allows browsing of the sd card through a web based interface . quite nice , but perhaps difficult to copy a large number of files . http://lifehacker.com/5626268/wifi-file-explorer-manages-your-android-sd-card-from-a-web-browser on air ( wifi disk ) ' allows you to easily transfer files over your wi-fi connection by accessing it as if it were a drive ' , but only for mac i suppose . swiftp is an ftp server , which does what it says .
i use ftpserver ( http://www.appbrain.com/app/ftpserver/lutey.ftpserver ) to browse and copy files to and from my phone over wifi . on ubuntu you can connect to an ftp server and browse it as if it is a directory .
just to answer this question in case future users have it . i believe in htc sense when a call comes in and the screen lock is there it should say slide up to reject the call and down to answer .
this also works as a solution : market+ .
you will need an app like tasker than can assign actions with activity launches . action com.google.android.finsky.VIEW_MY_DOWNLOADS package com.android.vending class com.google.android.finsky.activities.MainActivity you can use qcustomshortcut to create this shortcut ! i tried several different shortcut creators with no luck , but this one actually works . use the above information and you will be set !
while i can not help you with the copy-paste , i do recommend using an automatic solution to convert the files . conversion to pdf might help if adobe reader for android will let you copy newlines , or you could have a &lt;br /&gt; tag inserted after every paragraph , etc .
it may have been downloaded , but has it been installed ? open up the market app and click " my apps " . if it is not listed there - i suggest you reinstall it . also , is your device capable of running it ?
proximity autolock is an app that uses the proximity sensor to lock the phone when it is in your pocket , and you can disable the lock screen via the settings .
tasker can switch on/off the lock screen and can trigger events based on the orientation of your phone . so you could set up an event in tasker that enabled the lock screen when your phone is oriented vertically but upside down , then always place your phone in your pocket that way up .
in theory you could used yaffs2 image of the system and use that following the steps on the link you posted , but you will probably run in to driver issues with the " hardware "
usually completely de-branding an android device is not as easy as just removing the " extra " system apps . manufacturers and carriers often modify the devices ' firmware to a great extent , so simply deleting " bloat " apps would seriously cripple that device 's functionality . rom makers usually either try to minimize the prevalence of manufacturer/carrier customizations by trial and error ( remove apk -> see what breaks -> rinse , repeat ) , or go all out and build a completely new rom that is based on " vanilla " android from aosp ( android open source project ) source code which is released by google . aosp code contains only the android operating system , and does not contain the kernel or hardware drivers for any devices . those pieces are most often proprietary , and therefore non open-source . rare exceptions are handsets and tablets in google 's " nexus " line , which are intended for developers ( even then , drivers are provided pre-built by the manufacturer , since google does not make the hardware . ) developers either have to use the closed drivers as-is which greatly limits what can be modified in the os itself , or somehow find a way to make similar/older drivers function in aosp . furthermore , aosp code must be modified to work for the specific device it is being ported to . needless to say , the effort to get an aosp-based rom onto a new device is not an easy undertaking . there are a few projects that do attempt this . the most famous ones are cyanogenmod and miui . while miui attempts to enhance the user interface , cyanogenmod ( usually shortened to " cm" ) tries to stick as close to the aosp source as possible , while providing behind-the-scenes tweaks and enhancements . currently your device is not officially supported by wither cm or miui teams , but there are several " unofficial " ports that you can install . those would be a good start to see what it would take to build your " own " rom .
when the galaxy nexus is ringing . . . tap the power button on the right side of the screen . the ringtone will stop and the screen will switch off . but the call has not been hung up . you can even press the power button again to switch the screen back on and the ringtone is silent if the call is still waiting to be answered . the voice call will still be at the correct volume when you actually answer it .
use volume-rocker click either up or down volume to silence your phone . this is the user-manual-recommended way . when you click it your screen stays on . android user manual reference note : this usually works with any phone , not just androids . it used to work with old stupid-phones ( antonym of smart-phones ) as well .
a third option is to enable the setting so you can flip your phone face down when ringing to silence the phone . under sound settings > phone call silence i believe .
just press power key at the right side of device . it will become silent .
according to my experience , it does not turn mobile networking on . i have android 2.2 on htc desire hd .
i would recommend installing a custom rom with support for the language you need . i think cyanogenmod might be a good try since it is usually very stable and close to " stock " roms of android . you can find the stable cyanogenmod version for htc desire s here . rooting and flashing roms on your device might require some work on your device if it is not rooted , or if it is rooted it might be quite simple . since you do not offer any information on whether you are rooted or not , here 's some resources for you to look up : installing a custom rom on the htc desire s [ hd ] step-by-step tutorial how to s-off and root the htc desire s , sensation , wildfire , evo , flyer hd - a step-by-step tutorial all of this is of course assuming that your current android version does not support changing the language . you might want to look in your menus just to make sure . if it is not there , you need to get another rom . if you have any questions , please comment on this answer and i will try to expand on it accordingly .
this mechanism is described at the android developers site as follows : zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to android application ( . apk ) files . the purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file . specifically , it causes all uncompressed data within the . apk , such as images or raw files , to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries . this allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap ( ) even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions . the benefit is a reduction in the amount of ram consumed when running the application . in short : .apk content can be easier/faster/more optimal accessed due to the order of data inside the packed file . for deeper information , there is a " complete guide " available at addictivetips : what is zipalign in android and how to make apps zipaligned , which answers the second part of your question : quite understandably , situation would be reserved for unaligned application packages . resource reading would be slow and memory usage would be on the higher end of the spectrum . it would also depend on how many unaligned applications are present . for example , if less number of applications with an unaligned home application , you’d see slower application launch times . this is the best case scenario . for a worst case scenario , having a number of unaligned applications will result in the system repeatedly starting and killing processes , struggling with lags and huge battery drain .
makeuseof defines a ramdisk as such : the name says it all . a ram disk is simply a bunch of memory modules that have been grouped together and then dedicated to long-term storage instead of short-term storage . the memory used is no different from ordinary ram modules .
android 4.0 devices ( or already 3.0 ? ) allow this . both client and host pan roles are supported ( i guess this was deliberately introduced by google for umts-less tablets ) . on the pan host : enable bluetooth tethering in the settings on each device : pair with the host and enable " internet access " in the bluetooth device 's tab :
the images come from your gmail contacts so you would need to create a contact for the " the nudge " and assign a picture to it . to easily create a new contact for that email , open it up and click the icon next to the name . you should then be prompted to " add to contacts ? " .
according to the specs i was looking at , the galaxy spica only supports audio out , not video .
my 32 suffers from various wifi and bluetooth issues , dropping both connections . starting and stopping . connecting to wifi but not routing packets . connecting to bluetooth headset but no audio . i have to fuss with it all the time .
as a power-saving strategy , radio chipsets can sleep -- meaning they stop actively listening for a wi-fi network to connect to -- when they are out of range of any network , and will wake up to search for a network once every few minutes . it may simply be that the radio on your android is doing this , and that you have not waited long enough for it to wake up once you come back in range of a wi-fi network . a quick search tells me there is a powersave disabled setting in the wi-fi settings on the archos that might help .
i finally figured out how to fix this . what i did i did a double factory reset : nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.2.2: nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.1.2: nothing happened . upgraded to android 4.3: nothing happened . factory reset : gallery appeared ! upgraded to android 4.4.2: gallery did not disappear !
on my samsung galaxy s3 , this setting is inside the text messaging app , rather than as a general setting . open the text messaging app , and start the settings menu . about halfway down i have a block of notification settings . first being notifications , second being ringtone , third is vibrate . uncheck and you are done . hope your settings menu is similar since its from the samsung family .
this is what twitter is supposed to do , it is not a bug , however if you want to try some other twitter clients here are some ( paid and free ) talon for twitter - paid carbon for twitter - free plume for twitter - free
in settings , see if you can find something called " application manager " . when in that , find the " all " list . see if the deleted app is still listed there . if yes , there should be a few options to clear the data it stores , use them . i am not sure how your android looks like , but they should generally be the same . if that does not help , you can use this app : clean master - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguardhl=eng i use it on my private phone , and it seems to do good when it comes to free up memory . however , i am unsure if it work on your phone , as it does not list all versions it supports . it is also free . you can also connect the phone to your computer again and see if you can remove the app data manually , however , how this can be done differ between phone models , and it can be risky as the data you want to delete might not be found so easily .
download cwm here : http://www.mediafire.com/download/kf88nz9k9adugqa/a1%2b+recovery.img download mobileuncle tool : http://www.mediafire.com/download/lmd4m939ymahddz/mobile+uncle+tools%281%29.apk how to install download recovery . img and mobileuncle tool from given links rename a1+ recovery . img to recovery . img copy recovery . img to root of your sd card install mobileuncle tool open mobileuncle tool . click flash recovery from sdcard , allow root permission , and click ok . thats it . information found on xda forum ( source ) . custom roms for the karbonn a1+ are few , but i found this xperia rom forum . more can be found elsewhere . do your research and you will find some more .
it is the most frequently used apps while the earphones are plugged in . just open the app you want to show up 4 or 5 times in a row while the page buddy is active ( earphones plugged in ) and it will show up in the recommended apps . repeat for the next 3 apps you want to show . there is usually 4 recommended apps . this goes for all of the page buddy pages , earphones , docking , roaming , and spen ( on supported devices ) .
there is probably moisture in the device . if so , you need to take it apart and clean it ( and maybe replace some parts ) : https://www.google.com/search?q=teardown+htc+evo+shift
try settings-> developer options-> show touchscreen touches . unfortunately , htc likes to move these settings around between versions so i do not know if it will work for you . replacing the digitizer is possible on many htcs , i did it on my evo 3d . but that is probably what has failed . condensation will confuse it and make it stop functioning .
many android phones have a hidden app called " service menu " which runs when you call some codes in phone app . for example , service menu for sony ( ericsson ) android phones will appear when you call *#*#7378423#*#* or *#*#SERVICE#*#* and for most of samsung android phones , it appears when you call *#0*# or *#9072641*# from " service menu " , you can test screen , keys , touch , . . . and most importantly , sensors . so , test this code in your phone and see if " service menu " appears , then test your proximity sensor from there , without any need to install a third-party app .
install a sensor app like androsens or androsensor . they both are able to show you the proximity information . note : the sensor only distinguishes between near and far proximity ( 0-5cm and > =5cm usually ) . it is ok that you will not get accurate distance measurements .
click on the handle ( a solid dot ) on the right side of the red horizontal line above the orange line , and drag it down to 500mb . that adjusts the scale of the graph . look for the lime green arrow at right to see the handle .
you can always hide the exchange contacts if you do not want to see them . in the contacts app :
the game 's creators did not take right precautions for the version of android i have and it ran into some issues . unfortunately , it is not recoverable with format ; the problem is not obvious at first sight though .
install battery monitor widget , and the companion app process monitor widget . these will display and log the battery temperature and cpu usage respectively . process monitor will also let you see a list of the most active processes . this may help you learn what is happening on the phone before you go as far as restoring factory settings or flashing .
hacker solution : root it and flash a new kernel . mainstream consumer solution : restore to factory settings and see if that helps , or go to your wireless carrier store and have them flash your phone .
nope , unfortunately there is nothing like this to my knowledge . i would love to be proven wrong though
it is device internal codenames . reasons : device specifications is secret before release . after release , firmware not renamed , to exclude misunderstanding for developers . one device may have different firmware versions , depends on target market and hardware configuration ( modem , nfc , wi-fi settings ) .
for galaxy nexus these are different builds : takju : devices sold through the play store in the us . contains the google wallet aplication . yakju : devices sold through google outside the us . yakjuxw : devices sold by samsung . if you buy yakjuxw i would recommend that you update to yakju with factory images provided by google . this way you will get the updates in time . i was not aware that there are similar builds for the nexus 7 .
this is an exert from a guide to manually install android 4.2 takju on non-yakju galaxy nexus written 14th nov . 2012 available at : http://webtrickz.com/guide-to-manually-install-android-4-2-takju-on-non-yakju-galaxy-nexus/ following the availability of nexus 4 and nexus 10 , google has begun the rollout of android 4.2 jelly bean ota update for galaxy nexus and nexus 7 as well . android 4.2 is currently available only for takju variant of gsm/hspa+ galaxy nexus and luckily google has also released the android 4.2 factory image for takju galaxy nexus . apparently , non-yakju galaxy nexus users wont receive this new update anytime soon as their phone is updated by samsung whereas yakju and takju firmware are updated directly by google . however , users with adequate technical know-how can easily convert their non-yakju ( yakjuxw , yakjuux , yakjusc , yakjuzs , yakjudv , yakjukr and yakjujp ) device to takju to receive prompt future ota updates from google . install yakju or takju ? takju , the firmware that ships with google play store version of galaxy nexus ( in us ) apparently receives updates faster than the yakju variant . so , it’s better to choose takju over yakju .
7f45 are the first two bytes of the elf header \x7FELF . android also uses elf , so the error message you encounter means that the faceniff binary is not recognised as executable by your kernel ( unlikely , unless you forgot to chmod +x it ) , not for your architecture ( e . g . x86 instead of arm ) , or uses a dynamic linker not included ( e . g . glibc or µclibc instead of bionic ) . if you need to run an android-arm executable on android-x86 you must recompile it for x86 ( and look for the correct bitness too , 32-bit vs . 64-bit is also different ) . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
you could do that using e.g. tasker , the mighty automation tool : condition : monitor start ( i.e. . , tasker was started ; alternatively : device boot , i.e. boot process finished ) task : run shell , with your command as parameter if you like it more fancy , you could even use variable randomize to generate a different mac each time . . .
i feel like this could be done with a bash script or editing the init file to include the command you have here .
use chainfire 's app called pry-wifi which does exactly that .
how about chainfire 's tool pry-fi over at xda , works great : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2631512
mine was simple ( droid razr ) , i unistalled root tools and i had a pulldown banner . i reinstalled root tools and redid my bannerand its fine now
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
i had trouble downloading the latest update . what i did was from the list of applications in the market , i did a long press and cancel download . after that i was able to select it and download it successfully .
i have not seen this particular issue before , but kevin purdy 's " holy trinity " of steps to take with apps that just are not working properly is : from settings | applications | manage applications | &lt ; application&gt ; force stop if that does not help clear cache if that does not help clear data and if that still does not help , try the nuclear option : uninstall and re-install
on the samsung galaxy s3 , you have to do this from the contact , and re-save . from the ice list that contains the contact , click the contact and edit it ( s3 uses a pencil icon to indicate editing ) . see the groups area for the contact , and uncheck . save the contact/group association . save ( again ) for the contact . the contact should now show as removed from the ice list .
there are quite a few apps that can show the pid of running apps and services . one which i use to find a lot of info about what is going on in my phone is the android system info app , you can see the pids of some built-in services in this screenshot :
the Couldn't open connection to server happened to me as well on imap email set-up , then i noticed that the default imap server was imap.mydomain.com . so i made the following changes and it started working : incoming : imap server : mail.mydomain.com outgoing : security type : SSL/TLS (Accept all certificates) - if i did not change to this security type it also gave me the Couldn't open connection to server . this may be different for your server however .
ok , i tried restarting the imap server with no luck and then i decided to try a second factory reset , not that i was expecting it to work but apparently something changed because suddenly it worked and i have no idea why . ah , the magic of user-friendliness .
it worked for me after i deleted google as my main account in the phone , installed gmail on exchange and reinstalled google as my main account .
give a try to go backup pro which is completely free . it need root access and backup your apps+data , and when you will restore your backup it will not ask you install app every time . backup contacts , messages , go launcher settings , system setting and apps backup apps data（needs root） hide annoying app installation interface when restore apps（needs root ) cloud backup supported , sync to dropbox .
the best are backup methods that backup and restore app data . titanium backup is excellent for this , and easy to do , especially with the pro version . it allows you to backup the apps , including the relevant app data , which holds the game progress . the pro version lets you restore them seamlessly , while the free version requires manual re-install , like astro . you can also sync these backups to online storage spaces like dropbox or google drive . if you have multiple devices ( i have a tablet and phone that i like to sync progress on , for example ) , datasync is by far the best option . it can sync to dropbox or strictly device-to-device , but can sync all the app data with game progress to another device for subsequent use , or resyncing back to the original device later . let us know what you choose !
another fool-proof method ( no need to worry about having a specific backup app ) is to grab the game 's data directly . the data for all user-installed apps can be found in /data/data/*package name* . this will be all settings , saves , and anything else . just browse into there and copy the relevant directories to somewhere safe and put them back when you are done flashing and have reinstalled the app and run it at least once . yet another way , which will work without root , is you do the same as above , but using adb . turn on usb debugging , connect up to your computer , and run adb pull /data/data/*package name* C:\where\you\want\the\files . then once you are done with your rom flashing and have reinstalled the apps , do adb push C:\where\you\put\the\files /data/data/*package name* , or if you now have root with your custom rom , just copy the directories you pulled to the sd card and put them back in /data/data on the device .
sad to say but most of the time you can not . yeah the mentioned backup apps work with some games but smartphones are not gaming consoles so with a majority of them you are sol .
in order to get a font of the regional language you will first need to root your device . follow this in order to understand what does rooting a device mean and this question on how to root . there is one more site which is providing rooting specific to your device after you have rooted the device then you need a file manager application like es file explorer now download the font file open es file explorer ( give root access open the file explorer> config > give root access ) copy your font file and paste it to ( root ) /system/fonts set permissions as 644 or rw . reebot/restart your device . now if you want to give gujrati as the input font download the keyboard app from the play store . rooting your device will void your warranty and you will be doing on your own risk . please understand the risk 's or data loss involved and go ahead only when you have the complete knowledge of it .
root the mobile first . then install the app " font installer " from play store . download some gujarathi font , keep it in sdcard and install through font installer app .
first , please make the question match your description ( in description you wrote s3 , in question s4 ) . to your question : i think it can be disabled in wifi menu . press the hardware " menu " button , then go to settings .
you can construct a mount out of something like sugru . your mount will remain stuck to the dashboard and you would have to make it in such a way that the nexus would slot into it . for the elimination of doubt : i do not have any association with sugru . i use it to mount my iphone on the dashboard .
my tablet was connected to my home wifi and then stopped . sitting in the same room as my router it reports the connection as out of range . i am using an old router set as an access point and everything else ( android phones and laptops ) connect to it just fine . to correct the problem i went in and reset the channel on the ap from 13 to 11 and voila instant connection .
it is not easy to know , but : 2 posibilities : check that the ip address configuration is correct . dhcp is properly configured , if needed . if you can not connect , try to change the security of your wi-fi . . . check if the mac access is enabled . good luck !
this is a quite old d-link wifi router . it likely needs to be either replaced or a firmware update . it may need to be re-configured to use different channels , to be compatible with the samsung galaxy ace .
it appears that the internal sd card is on the same partition as /data ( i verified with my gt-i9500 at xxuemj9 - 4.3 , output below ) : some other manufacturers have different implementations of the layout ; in fact , this decision was the largest possible reason why the mass storage option disappeared and mtp had to be used - because /data used ext4 which most windows pcs can not recognize . some cwm versions do not perform a format on /data when you request for a factory reset - that is because they are either : running on a pre-3.0 version of android that uses the older implementation using a manufacturer-defined custom layout running custom " factory reset " code that does only rm -rf on the folders as to why the plaintext cannot be found , i am not entirely sure - but i thought it might have to do with the formatting being done with secure erase ( mmc_cap_erase ) . more information can be found here : http://teamw.in/datamedia and in the 4.2 source code itself : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/docs/source.android.com/+/android-4.2.1_r1/src/tech/storage/index.md
i disconnected the usb and then some sort of debug screen showed up and gave me an option to reboot the phone . to my astonishment i still had android 2.3.5 installed and working . it looks like installation of new rom newer really took off . the second attempt to upgrading rom succeceded .
did you take a look at owncloud and similar solutions ? not ( yet ? ) as comfortable as dropbox , but open source , runs on linux ( so you can stick with your linux-mount solution ) , and it has an android app . for a quick overview , you might want to first take a look at this wikipedia article . if that sounds interesting , next source to investigate might be e.g. how to set up your own private cloud storage service in five minutes with owncloud : )
i have not tried it , but circlealarm mentions : handling an alarm that rings during a call .
i believe i have one of these device ( mine is branded as something else but the us brand is the viewsonic gtablet ) . i cannot recall if i have tried to do a screenshot with ddms or not . i do not know why the forums you read would say adb would work becuase adb uses the same method as ddms . i will try my device when i get home from work today , in the mean time , i have read that these apps should work with the device . all of these are paid apps , they may have a free/lite version but i dont know if they will work for your issue . screenshot er - requires root screen shot it - requires root no root screen shot it - no root required ( but i am not sure if this works )
have you made sure that your " music volume " is actually turned up ? only then you will be able to hear the talk-back . to make sure it is , go to the stock music app , hit the " volume up " key on your phone a few times , then go back to google voice search and try again .
create a dummy apn and select that as default . with this , even if you enable data accidentally via toggles , it would still not connect . ps : added as an answer as suggested by op
two things are important here : 1 . ) even if you would not install clockworkmod , you had lose your warranty since you replaced the pre-loaded operating system with unsupported one . 2 . ) clockworkmod ( or any other alternative recovery ) is what actually installs cyanogenmod on your phone so it is required . in short : replacing your phone os with cyanogen will void your warranty in any case . you will need some way of installing cm and clockwork is probably the easiest around .
have you tried the standard android hard reset ? i heard this works for all android phones . turn it off ( if you cannot shoot it down , remove the battery ) . hold both volume-buttons and the home-button and then hold the power button . about 5 seconds use this at your own risk ! you will lose all your installed data and get a clear reset to shipping settings , if it works . there are some videos about it on youtube .
you can obtain the apks for flash for all versions of android directly from adobe in their old version archives . http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html scroll down a bit and you will find " flash player for android 4.0 archives " and " flash player for android 2 . x and 3 . x archives " . these include the last versions of each released before abode dropped flash for android .
you might want to take a look at systempanellite task manager . while the free version only allows live monitoring , the full version ( systempanel app / task manager ) features background monitoring . monitored data such will be recorded , and not lost on power-off . take a look at this screenshot : here you can clearly see what time the app was active , how much battery it consumed , if you actively used the device during that time ( or how much of the usage was done in background without you watching it ) , and more . have this app running and recording in the background for a while , and then check the recorded data -- this should let you figure out which app was responsible , and also what time the device powered off .
i am using battery widget reborn ( free beta version ) . among its useful features is a charge/discharge graph . you can use multitouch to expand or compress the graph , too . it'll show about when the battery went down to 0 .
you should install watchdog task manager lite . it will monitor all your apps and tell you which apps are consuming the most battery and why . for all your logging needs , install alogcat ( free ) - logcat .
according to an enlightening blog post by nikolay elenkov the master password is derived from your screen lock password or pin . these screen lock passwords are limited to 16 characters but do not have any rules by default ( unless you have a device administration policy enabled that enforces something different ) . assuming you have not done anything different than the normal encryption process , these should be the password restrictions you are bound by . as an aside , according to nikolay , there is no character limit or rules on the master encryption password fundamentally .
according to this discussion on modaco , the ram throughput of an acer liquid is 1.3 gb/s . even if the ace 's ram is slower ( unlikely ) it is got to be way faster than the class 10 sd card speed ( 10 mb/s write ) . so yes , your theoretical basis is invalid given that class 10 is the highest rating . even uhs-ii cards with a " theoretical " max speed of over 300 mb/s are slow compared to ram , and few phones support sdxc cards anyways .
yes , you actually can do this . it is kind of kludgy looking when you inspect the clipboard , but it works just fine . first off , you can inspect the current clipboard contents with service call clipboard 1 from an adb shell ( or , without shelling in first , adb shell service call clipboard 1 ) . it may start out initially blank after a reboot , for example : you can put text into the clipboard using service call clipboard 2 , which basically takes 3 parameters - two ints and the string you want to put on the clipboard : # service call clipboard 2 i32 1 i32 0 s16 "Hi there" Result: Parcel(00000000 '....')  to be honest , i am not sure what the first two parameters are . one answer on stack overflow has suggested the first int is " number of items in the parcel " ( one in this case ) and that the second is the length of the string . however , i have used 0 for the second parameter and it works fine , and i can not find any documentation that matches up with this particular function . . . so take that for what it is worth . in any case , it is basically creating a parcel object with 3 fields , then passing it into the clipboard . the clipboard then unpacks the parcel and sets the string value passed in as the clipboard 's contents . you can see this when you go to retrieve the value afterwards : similarly , if you long-press on a text entry field and hit " paste " after doing this , you will get the text that was set via the call service clipboard 2 line above ( and it will look completely normal ) . ( the above examples come from my htc evo , running cyanogenmod 7 )
what you are looking for is http://code.google.com/p/market-enabler/ " market-enabler is an application to fake the phone 's location and access markets from other countries . android market is separated into regions ( country and carrier specific ) and some apps are just enabled for a specific country and not available to the other countries . "
i think slideme is the best android alternative market available right now . there is an app that you need to install in order to buy apps directly via your phone . there is also getjar - a number of devs are releasing their products on getjar before or along with releasing them on the android market .
the amazon appstore for android lets you buy apps via amazon , but apparently you can only do so if you have an american account ( i have not tested that ) . there is also pdassi . it does not have all apps ( for example autodesk 's sketchbook ) , but you can buy some apps with paypal .
i am pretty certain the wifi drains more when scanning than when actively connected to a network . so when you are not going to use wifi , it is better to turn it off and use cell network ( which you will be using anyways while not actively connected to a wifi ) .
go to your wifi settings and hit the menu button and click the advanced menu item . check the wifi sleep policy , and if it is not set to never , try setting it to never to see if this resolves the issue .
i had the same problem and solved it on a samsung captivate ( galaxy s - sgh-i896 ) with rogers in canada . the problem was an annoyance at first ( disconnecting every 10-20min ) but got worse one day when it stopped allowing tethering altogether with a message " this account is not configured for tethering . please contact rogers customer care . " calling rogers solved nothing as the problem is not at their end . the problem stemmed from a bad version/copy of a file /system/app/tetheringmanagerroger1126 . apk i first rooted the phone using superoneclick : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=803682 ( had to turn off my antivirus to unzip the files and they contain linux exploit code . ) after ensuring i had successfully rooted my phone , i got the app : " es file explorer " from the market . in that app , i had to go to menu-> settings and turn on " root explorer " which required superuser permission . and turned on " mount file system " as writable . once that was done i could browse to the : /system/app/tetheringmanagerroger1126 . apk file and just rename it to . bak that solved both the error message and the constant disconnecting and i can tether indefinitely on the phone now . i assume that if you are on at and t , there is a similar tetheringmanagerapp file that is the cause of these problems and renaming it should fix it . hope that helps .
change the sdk directory path from eclipse settings to the root of your sdk path . also , chmod the files to executables
the icon that is displayed on the action bar is called a favicon . it is a low resolution ( usually 16x16 ) icon made to be displayed next to the name in a bookmark bar . android understandably does not use this as it would look hideous on your homescreen . for a website 's icon to show up they need to add another icon : the apple-touch-icon . this one was meant to be used as an icon on the homescreen . originally for idevices , but android adapted it . unfortunately i am not aware of a way to add an icon yourself if the site does not supply it .
foursquare and your phone 's gps might help you a bit . search for a venue type click the venue in the search results click the map of the venue open the map in an external app like google maps use google maps ' route feature to create a route from your position to the venue i am not sure if it is possible to create a route with public transportation . at least in the philippines , there is no such option .
if you use apex or nova launcher : they have an integrated " activity browser " . just long-press on an empty place of your homescreen , select to add an activity . activity selector in apex launcher ( click image for full size variant ) browse to the sound app , and see what activities it offers . as those " preset selectors " must be available as " screen " to interact with the user , they should have declared an activity ; with some luck they did so " publically " , and then its listed here . as you can see in above screenshot , there is not only the " descriptive name " displayed , but along with it the package name ( if it is the app entry , as the first one in the screenshot : " locmgrpd " = " com . android . logmgrpd" ) or the activity to call if it is an activity ( second and third entries , e.g. ) . once you found the matching activity , you can use that to call it from tasker .
take a look at network discovery -- it lists all devices within the same network , together with some details on them , as e.g. ip , mac address , available services : network discovery ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) other port scanners will do as well .
i do not know what your app did , but i find it strange that it is no longer booting . i would suggest trying to get your device in to recovery mode . i have never done this on a non-rooted device so i am not 100% sure you can do a factory reset from the " stock recovery " . but i know you can do it on a rooted device . i found these steps , but again , i am not sure if this pertains to only rooted devices . turn your desire off , now hold the volume down and power button in to boot into hboot . now use the volume button to navigate to boot recovery and select it by pressing the trackpad button .
i always buy batteries on ebay . " but that is not reputable at all , " you might say . indeed . however , i find that as long as you search for the specific part number ( e . g . bb99100 for the nexus one / desire battery ) and ensure the posting contains pictures and guarantees it is genuine , then you will be ok . ebay sellers avoid lying about that sort of thing because their reputation will quickly be damaged . also ensure the seller has a good feedback rating ( 97%+ ) . here 's the cheapest new battery from a very reliable-looking seller that i could find .
does it have a physical power button ? usually , that is the ok button in recovery mode .
on my gt-p1000 when in recovery mode , the lit up buttons ( four light icons on the side where the cable plugs in ) , the home key is your ok button .
according to the usb host diagnostics site , yes . check the link for the roms ( build ids ) that supports otg . if your phone has root , you can also check out usb otg helper [ root ] .
first , look at which apps are runnng ( including services ) . then use titanium backup to freeze on of those apps ( exclude regular system apps/services , unless you have determined nothing else is the culprit ) and see if your problem stops . if you have not found the offender , un-freeze and try another .
when your phone wont go to sleep , check for wakelock using apps . programs like " wakelock detector " will help you to do that . good luck ! reference : wakelock , wakelock detector
i have been using my galaxy nexus with kubuntu 12.04 and 12.10 and have not needed to use a specific eject command . saying that , here are instructions which will let you mount and dismount your galaxy nexus safely . with this method you can safely mount/dismount and you should still be able to use adb to pull and push files to/from your device . ( source ) : connecting your ice cream sandwich phone or tablet to ubuntu for file access before you begin , try plugging your phone in and see if it works straight away . at the time of writing , the only official android ice cream sandwich phone is the galaxy nexus , and mine doesn’t work . but future ics phones might work , depending on whether they have an sd card slot or not , and whether they support exporting the card as usb mass storage . if it works , you should be good to go . first up , install the necessary tools : sudo apt-get install mtp-tools mtpfs  now , connect your galaxy nexus to your computer . on your phone , open up the notification drawer , and click on “usb connection type” . make sure that mtp is selected . then , run these commands : mtp-detect | grep idVendor mtp-detect | grep idProduct  you shall get an output like this : note down the numbers written in front of idvendor and idproduct , you’ll need those later on . now , run this commands : gksu gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  a gedit window should open up . type this text in it , all in a single line : SUBSYSTEM==\u201dusb\u201d, ATTR{idVendor}==\u201dVENDORID\u201d, ATTR{idProduct}==\u201dPRODUCTID\u201d, MODE=\u201d0666\u2033  replace vendorid with the idvendor you had noted down earlier . similarly , replace productid with the idproduct you had noted down . in my case , they were 04e8 and 685c respectively , but they might have been different for you . also , remember to re-type the quotes in the line after you’ve copied and pasted it , otherwise udev may output an error . if you’re in doubt , you can copy the same line from this pastebin instead and then replace productid and vendorid as needed . save and close the file . then , disconnect your phone and run these commands : sudo service udev restart sudo mkdir /media/GalaxyNexus sudo chmod a+rwx /media/GalaxyNexus sudo adduser YOURUSERNAME fuse  replace yourusername with your ubuntu user name . now , run this command : gksu gedit /etc/fuse.conf  in the gedit window , remove the # at the beginning of the last line ( the one that begins with “#user_allow_other” ) like this : you’re almost done ! now , restart your computer , and then run these three commands : again , do re-type the quotes in each command after you’ve copied , otherwise the command won’t work . connect your phone again , and then make sure your phone is using mtp , then run this command : android-connect  voila ! you can now browse your android phone contents using nautilus . just fire up the file manager , and then in the side bar click galaxynexus to browse your phone contents just like you would do with a usb stick . you can also add , remove and modify files just like a normal file system . you might have noticed that you cannot use the nautilus eject icon to disconnect the phone . instead , to safely remove the phone , just run the command : android-disconnect  from now onward , you just need to run android-connect to mount your phone and then android-disconnect to safely remove your phone . everything else should be handled automatically . i tried many ways of getting the mount and unmount to happen automatically on cable connect , but this was the best solution i could come up with . these two commands won’t require root permissions to run . all users who are members of the fuse user group should be able to run these commands without root access .
well , that may be happening because of bugs . i would say why do not you try testing your battery . you need to remove your battery and put it over the flat surface and then try spinning it , if the battery spins freely then the battery is swollen and needs replacement . i think you should first try checking your battery out .
if you go into the market on your phone , then navigate down to a category ( e.g. , games | arcade and action ) there are three tabs : top paid , top free , just in ( i.e. , new ) i do not know what they use for their algorithm beyond the star ratings , nor if it varies from how things are presented on the official market website , but it does appear to be offering the top-rated/popular apps in each category .
appbrain . com allows you to view the android market and which apps are most popular , most downloaded , hottest . . . all within different time frames .
the web market and the honeycomb tablet market app now have a whole set of pages listing the " top x apps " for a whole set of definitions of " top " . i can not see any way to get to all of these categories in the current gingerbread phone version of the market app , presumably they have less screen room to show all of these different views . here are some direct links to the web market 's pages , if you are on a tablet most of these should show up as links on the market app 's home page : apps top free apps top paid apps top grossing apps ( see this question regarding confusion over what defines " top grossing" ) top new free apps top new paid apps games top free games top paid games top grossing games top new free games top new paid games apps and games combined editors ' choice trending apps to directly answer your question i would guess that most of the " famous " and " must-have " apps and games would show up in the " trending " and " editors ' choice " areas .
i had the same auto startup loop zero battery problem after 6 months or so of flawless use . the tablet experienced zero battery . upon plugging in the asus , the power supply would start up , go to home screen , and display " shutting down " after 2 seconds . as it shut down , it would show a screen of " static noise " like an untuned analog tv . then , say two minutes or so later , it would repeat without any intervention , and ad infinitum . battery never goes over zero . there is a thread here that is also about the same issue . there is an albeit slightly hard to understand fix offered in the above thread , which started with " plug into pc " . i tried to follow steps without plugging into pc , as i could see no particular reason why this would make a difference , without joy . i then plugged into pc usb . large " battery charging " screen immediately displayed , and i am currently just letting it charge ( if it actually is ) . very odd flaw . i imagine as the batteries get a little older , this may become a common experience for many . i recommend checking the android central thread . i will be replying there with my results . _ just a quick update here ( i did put full process i undertook on the other thread though ) to say it all worked out well , and after leaving to charge from pc , the tablet finally started up normally again . phew . . .
i just had a quite similar problem with my galaxy nexus ( it did not go past the nexus x logo ) and it seems it is not possible to make a backup with a locked bootloader and without root ( at least not with android 4.2 ) . i thought ce4 's method could be a good try and so i unlocked the bootloader and then immediately booted clockwork recovery . next , using adb shell i transfered the whole userdata partition ( ~14gb ) and opening it in a hex editor i saw it is full of zero 's 00 . to be really sure i did a hexdump in adb shell and i saw the same ( should have done this first ) . it is been completely wiped . so unlocking the bootloader does do a full wipe of userdata and cache partitions and it is not possible to recover anything after that . doing a quick search i was not able to find the exact file in android source where it is implemented ( would be interesting . . . ) sometimes android is just too secure . i wish there would be way to backup data from fastboot ( or odin mode ) . with a locked bootloader it could even ask for a password or something . anyway after this my phone did boot again and everything is working . only my data has been lost forever . . . to everyone i suggest to unlock the bootloader as soon as you get your droid and also make backups regularly . . .
i know it is a late answer , but it might help out others . this might seem ridiculous , but this is what was causing the bootlooping on my nexus 7 . my tablet arrived from amazon , i took it out of the box , plugged it in to charge . battery icon didnt show a charge . started it up and it got to the google and the lock , then would restart over and over . so i did some reading and came across this fix . some how the tablet got " jostled " , in other words banged . the tape that holds the battery was not placed properly so it allowed the battery to shift ever so slightly causing the cable to pull apart from the connection . enough to make a bootloop . now the fix pull the back cover off , peel the tape back off the top of the battery , gently pull or twist the battery ( there is double-sided tape underneath it ) to realign it so the cable can be attached correctly . when finished put the tape back across the battery and close the case up . this is just one possible cause of bootlooping , the other answers will also work depending on circumstances .
( edit ) this answer is only really helpful for unlocked tablets . . look after this paragraph if that is already the case . otherwise read on . " fastboot oem unlock " also does a factory reset , you need to have it unlocked before you need it , alas . this is both good for privacy and bad for recovery from half-bricked devices . . . the factory reset does in fact a secure erase which nullifies all your data . according to android : building for devices : $ fastboot oem unlock the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . it only needs to be run once . ( end edit ) you can boot a temporary custom recovery and create a backup of your device . it should also be possible to wipe it afterwards and recover from your problem without having to send it back at all ( provided it is not a hardware issue ) . steps : install the sdk ( if not already done ) and have working adb + fastboot executables ready download a cwm recovery image from here unlock your nexus 7 's bootloader : fastboot oem unlock here 's how to enter the fastboot mode ( the nexus 7 's codename is grouper ) : press power for a second , and press volume down when the bootloader logo appears boot into a temporary cwm recovery : fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-grouper.img create a nandroid/cwm backup from your broken installation ( backup and restore-> backup ) after the backup is complete , try to pull all data from your device : adb shell mount ( should list something like /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 on /sdcard or so ( not really sure however ) adb pull /sdcard backup/ ( replace /sdcard with the above noticed directory , this should extract all your data to backup/ ) check if everything is transmitted correctly ) you can buy titaniumbackup+prokey afterwards ( it allows extracting data from nandroid backups quite easily ) if that fails you can alternatively leech everything manually with adb : i assume you use linux . . final step : if you are really sure that you got all your data back , boot back into the cwm recovery ( see step above ) and issue a wipe data/factory reset command . then reboot and re-setup your tablet ( hopefully you do not have a hardware issue ) . optional step : relock your bootloader via fastboot oem lock
the version the op is running should not be a test build . 6.0 is their stable , but checking out their forums is not a bad idea . changing the launcher is a good troubleshooting step , but should not make a difference in this case since cm roms do not have sense running . so if a widget works with lp it should work with the default launcher of cm and vice versa . the op should follow gathrawn 's advice and make sure the official widgets from the marketplace are being used . since the op has a hero it is possible they might have a sense version of one of those apps installed and sense anything will not work on a cm rom .
i am not able to reproduce that . on my g1 , with actual cyanogen mod 6.0 i am able to add the facebook and also the twitter widgets ( both , big and small ) .
can you download another home launcher like launcherpro ( i highly recommend it ) and see if the widgets also do not work there ? it could be a problem with the launcher you are using ( adw or launcher2 ) . or you could re-flash cm6 with the other launcher than the one you chose . if these are the official twitter/facebook app widgets , then i doubt it is because of htc sense no longer being available . additionally it sounds like you are running a test build of cm6 , so it may be a bug . check out their forums to see if anyone else has your problem or to report the issue .
not exactly what you asked , but mapsaurus beta comes close to it . you can also use the corresponding website : mapsaurus : just enter the app you look for " alikes " , and it shows you related apps : click on one of them , and the tree continues . a separate frame ( not shown in my picture ) gives you the playstore link to the centered app . the screenshot was made from the website .
if you download the source for android 2.3 you can compile it and install it on your device . you can even make any modifications that you want before building it . this is what the folks who make all of those custom roms do . unfortunately even downloading and installing vanilla android is a bit more involved and complicated than it sounds .
there are many custom roms that are perfectly legitimate . they are built by dedicated people who put a lot of effort into the work . i would not disparage them by calling their work " hacks " . cyanogenmod is the most popular , but there are plenty more . there is not an installable phone image available for you to download from the android dev site . those are emulator images only .
it depends on your phone . i have been using android 2.3.3 for about a month now on my n1 , and it is not hack , but google 's own version .
i faced a similar problem with my lg optimus one ( p500 ) . i first suspected the microphone and hence attempted to use voice recorder as suggested by matthew read . since it was working , i became clueless . after struggling a lot , i realized that i had installed a call recording software . this call recording software was installed months before and hence i did not suspect it . even after disabling the software i could not receive calls . however , the problem was solved once i uninstalled it . later i understood that android sdk does not provide clean solutions to hook into mic ( unlike symbian platform ) . hence call recording software developers are left to use any sort of dirty means ( which i am not aware ) to make their app work . so , if you have any such application which plays with mic , just uninstall them and try .
check the microphone . can you record yourself with the voice recorder app ? if not , i would suspect you damaged it somehow .
the authentication on some android phones occurs at a screen where you type in fastboot oem unlock and unlock the phone allowing you to change what your phone will boot into when you load . the authentication your referring to is not seen much anymore . one example would be in the earlier days i had a htc legend with a signed boot load , this meant that i had to get htc to sign a rom if i wanted to load it onto my phone . so to bypass this authentication we would load up the htc update tool on our pc 's stop on the screen just before the rom would be loaded onto the phone , go into the temp folder in windows and change the data to the data we wanted to load into our phones and let the htc software load our content rather then there own . these days the exploits to bypass authentication are rarely needed as most phones are not locked . edit got away from myself there and missed the main point in the title q : how android custom recovery roots the phone ? a : it does not
recovery is not actually booting into linux , its running before linux runs and modifying how linux runs . [ i note that " locked boot loaders " prevent you from changing the kernel , luckily you do not have one ! ] i am not sure on the specifics , but if you can get access to the linux kernel bootup parameters it is always possible to " get root access " - because the linux kernel is what defines and controls root access ! ! !
as davidgo explains , the recovery is like a separate , very simple operating system that your device boots into . when you boot into recovery mode , android itself is not running , so none of the os-level protections like users and file permissions make any difference . however , the recovery mode does have access to the main filesystem of your phone . it is normal for a recovery to mount that filesystem to apply updates , but when you are rooting your phone , the update you supply just writes a suitable su binary to the correct place with the necessary permissions ( i.e. . with the suid bit set ) . then , when you reboot into android , the su binary is there and available to use . if you want to think of it like a pc , it is like booting from a live cd , mounting the root filesystem of the pc , and editing /etc/sudoers or /etc/passwd to give yourself root access . of course you can do this from a live cd , because the ' real ' operating system on the pc is not running .
sure . . . you just have to choose between hacking the phone or hacking the pc . via hacking the pc : enable usb debugging on the phone . install the sdk and get adb working . set up an adb port forward to the phone . write an apk which listens on a local network port and upon connection opens the microphone and pushes samples through the forwarded ' network ' socket . the hard part : on the pc , write a " microphone driver " which gets its data by connecting to the program on the android through the adb port forward . you could also do the same thing substituting a wifi network for the adb-usb . via hacking the phone : compile a new usb kernel driver which presents the expected interface for a usb microphone , and have it gets its data from the microphone . if going to this much trouble , you might as well make it into a usb webcam . root and serious coding required .
wo virtual mic 1.39€ + you need to install a client
there are all sorts of apps that enable you to use your phone 's camera and mic on your pc over wi-fi or usb . here are some examples : droidcam ip webcam
the app microphone allows this . just do it by 3.5mm cord ; it is way easier .
senstic pocketaudio microphone , plus you need to install the pocketcontrol software on your pc ( or mac )
the answer is " no " - at least not without a dedicated app ( if such exists ) . btw , i can understand wanting to do this via bluetooth , but via usb ? why ?
here is what i ended up doing , it works well : on your computer 's firefox , install the gmaptogpx bookmarklet . prepare your itinerary with google maps itinerary . while still on the google maps page , click on the gmaptogpx bookmarklet . it opens a gpx conversion dialog . click on the blue tab buttons to make them read like this : " route track points about " . it will not work otherwise . copy-paste the xml text in a new file , for instance myitinerary . gpx on android , install maverick . copy your gpx file to /sdcard/maverick in maverick , select the track file scroll your way along the route at appropriate zoom levels to store the tiles in the cache . the free version of maverick allows 3 tracks files .
mapdroyd offers free offline maps , but i believe the premium navdroyd would be ideal for your needs - it offers navigation along with offline maps . if you have already created the route in google maps on your pc , email yourself that link and open it on your device using google maps while you have a wifi connection . i believe the newest versions of google maps have better support for offline caching .
the best option will be to use some software to create the maps of your itinerary and then some software like oruxmaps on your phone . here you can find a great article on how to do exactly this , totally oriented to hikers and bikers which in most cases will not have data coverage during the journey . i found the combination of “ mobile atlas creator ” on the pc to create the maps and oruxmaps on the phone to be pretty good .
as photosphere pictures are just " normal " jpg-files , you just have to download the photosphere image . if you use android you can view photosphere images with the google+ app . there is no real download-button , but you can use the share button and then send the picture to your email-adress for example . the standard android gallery viewer will open the picture like every photosphere picture you make with your mobile by yourself .
uncheckinge the " use home time zone " option also fixed it for me , although i am at a loss to know why this is so , especially since i did not travel outside of home . now , if i could only figure out how to keep google calendar and contacts in synch with ms outlook , i would be a happy camper .
i just figured out the fix and i am no techie . after reading several of these posts i noticed someone said to uncheck a setting under calendars . i unchecked the box that said " use home time zone " after setting time to my zone . it worked even though i can not tell you why . i have only had my android for a week and have not traveled out of this time zone . i probably just checked the box not realizing what havoc it would cause !
i had a problem with a secondary calendar which sounds similar . on edit the time zone changed . i went into the calendar and made sure all of them were set to my time zone . each calendar has changeable time zone on google calendars .
i would suggest clearing the calendar data and re-syncing the events from your gmail account ( s ) . go into Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All then scroll down to calendar , tap on it , and tap on the " clear data " button . do the same for the " calendar storage " app . now go back twice ( exit to the main settings menu ) and go into the Accounts &amp; sync section . for each account you added , go in and toggle the " sync calendar " option off and then back on again . after the calendar data finishes synchronizing , try editing an existing event again and see if the issue persists . p.s. you might need to re-enable the visibility of one or more calendars in the calendar app by going to Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars and ensuring the ones you want are set as " synced , visible " .
gameloft has been reluctant to publish on android market because of their own drm policies , but lately they have been changing their stance and putting more of their games on android market . ea has plenty of titles up for sale as well ( in europe , see ea netherlands ) . some other big names like id software and epic have mentioned a strong possibility of bringing ports to the likes of rage and unreal engine to android some time in the future as well . and then of course , there is zynga , if you are not getting enough spam from their apps on facebook .
how did you search for the publishers ? electronic arts , for example , most certainly has applications in the market . i only see one square enix game , though . beyond that , the xperia play will be supported by a line of playstation titles . they are already starting to hit the market , in fact . i would not recommend purchasing them unless you own an xperia play since i have no idea what running them on a non-suported device would entail ( or if it is even feasible - i will leave that to xda ) , but it is another angle to it . whether or not they will continue to update them or develop new games . . . i could only speculate , really .
solved : http://www.movilesdualsim.com/threads/rom-drx-v0-4-jb-4-2-1-feiteng-h9500-star-n9500.32072/ that is spanish page , i do not know spanish , i never translated it completely . there is one line where it points out that there are some problems with loader and recovery so they made modification . i applyed modification " actualización rom base " . . . uploaded drx4 and it worked like charm . thank you for your time .
the files and folder you see via usb ( or to be specific through the usb mtp protocol ) can be different from the files and folder that are really in the sdcard section on your device . in my case a lot of files and folders in the sdcard section were invisible via usb . after executing the app rescan sd card the files and folders visible via usb were exactly the one that exist on my sdcard section .
it is not possible to get it in english . you will always get the text as it is " locally " . it is also a known annoyance .
try installing morelocale 2 and setting the locale to one of the english speaking countries or yet better define a new locale with language en and locale jp .
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
you should just be able to swap the sd cards yes and all of the data will be fine , as for changing the number try just moving her sim card over to your old phone , if the phone 's not locked to a network then it should just work .
a permanently unlocked boot loader ( bl ) on a nexus device is a big security risk . it is only recommended for a pure developer phone . an insecure bl enables all sorts of fastboot commands that can be used for e.g. doing the following : conduct a cold boot attack to recover the key for android 's full disk encryption make a copy of the device e.g. by booting a custom image ( adb boot boot . img ) , then copying partition dumps erase data using fastboot erase flash arbitrary android firmware , recovery images or radio firmware fastboot flash radio|recovery|boot| . . . install a root kit ( boot custom recovery , then modify system files ) steal google/facebook/whatever accounts stored on the phone etc . in case someone has their device encrypted , full access is not immediately possible . however there exists cracking software to brute force the used encryption pin/passphrase . altering the firmware is always possible ( i.e. . an evil maid attack , aka . installing a rootkit/password logger/etc . ) this is the normal process of modding a nexus device : unlock the bootloader ( fastboot oem unlock ) boot/install insecure/open custom recovery install custom firmware to secure your modded device you should do this afterwards : install a safe recovery image again ( custom recoveries like twrp/cwm are unsafe ) use the extracted recovery . img from google 's factory firmware file , available here relock the bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) this breaks the usual update mechanisms like rommanager . in case you need to upgrade , you can run flash_image recovery recovery . img ( as root on the regular android os , it bypasses the bl lock ) to install a temporary custom recovery again and use this once to upgrade the firmware and then remove the custom recovery again by doing a flash_image recovery stock . img . i know , this is not very user friendly right now , but let 's hope the situation improves at the custom recovery front . some background on what is possible : http://hak5.org/episodes/hak5-1205 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2_cpuzq0o
this would seem to require device in which the in-call audio can be sourced/obtained by an application . on the typical android phone architecture , in call audio is handled by the radio co-processor , entirely out of reach of anything running under linux/android - the same reason why you can not really record calls . if you got a rooted phone with ( or hackable for ) usb host support and found a usb audio dongle with linux drivers you could theoretically loop around and plug that into the phone 's headset jack . . . but would not it be simpler just to buy sip gateway service from someone ?
no . at the moment , that is not available . potentially you could port a linux application for this to your android phone , easier if it is a cli application , but as it stands at the moment there is no application that can do what you ask .
this is part of google play store settings . select do not auto-update apps in the following path : google play store> settings> auto update apps> do not auto-update apps this is a global setting , but it may be overridden by a specific setting at the application level . for instance , an application may have a specific setting to update itself , especially if that application came from a 3rd party source . you will need to check those application settings individually and prevent auto-updating there . however , this is not generally true , in fact i think it is a violation of terms , if that application comes from the google play store .
open up http://www.google.com/contacts and perform a search for the person you want to merge . tick both contacts , click " add to my contacts " and the google+ contact will have a copy of itself made from " other contacts " to " my contacts " , then click more -> merge
in the end , it turned out it was working for the original usb cable , while the generic usb cable did not allow data connection , only charging . for the original cable , the problem disappeared on its own , and i do not know what caused it , or what caused it to disappear .
like on any os , although the app code itself is isolated in its own process container , it is possible for the app to trigger problems in the os itself or in the hardware . for example , if the crash you are seeing is caused by a hardware problem such as a damaged heatsink , then any heavy workload will make the hardware fail , and there is not much the os can do to stop that . the least reliable part of most operating systems is the drivers , so if there is a bug in ( say ) the gpu driver , that could make the kernel hang regardless of which process caused the situation that triggered the bug .
i had the exact problem for my galaxy note 2 . i fixed it by following these steps : go to settings from the menu button on the home screen . click " my device " . click " lock screen " . click " screen lock " . enter your passcode . click whichever security setting you used before .
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen lock , enter the pin once more and select Slide ( or what ever you had before ) .
as dan asked : what do the new icons look like ? what is your question ? i have had the same problem for the year i have had a lg-p925 . the only way to resolve this is to reboot the phone . since i rooted my phone , i go the app quick boot and put a widget button on my screen to reboot it . you will also realize that if you leave the wifi turned on and it does not connect , it might continue to keep your phone alive and drain the battery faster . i have used betterbatterystats app ( free on xda developers site ) to find out that it was not an app draining my battery , but the fact it fails to connect to the wifi because of this issue . i suggest rooting the phone and installing quickboot and put a widget to reboot it . this happens to me once every other day . i hope it helps you !
you can leave this group only , you can not delete it for everyone . go to the group -> group info . on the very bottom of the user list , you can see the button delete and exit group you will exit this group and the group will be deleted on your phone . you will not recieve new messages ( as you are no longer in the group ) and the messages you already have will be removed .
http://guidesdna.com/update-galaxy-star-pro-s7262-android-4-4-kitkat/ http://techbeasts.com/2014/02/17/update-galaxy-star-pro-to-android-4-4-2-kit-kat-custom-rom/ i am willing to try this on star pro . not done yet although . do it on ur own risk ; )
i recommend trying to get in contact with some samsung developer on xda forums and request him to develop for the device . there are less chances of this method working but this is the only thing u can do other than developing yourself .
you should be able to use the same screen type as the i9100 , the main difference is the processor . samsung galaxy s2 gt-i9100 vs . gt-i9100g comparison guide basically both the i9100 and i9100g have the identical features as claimed by samsung but the only thing that differentiate both is the processor and gpu that the unit run . i9100 run on 1.2ghz arm cortexa9 exynos 4210and arm mali-400 gpu while i9100g uses texas instruments omap4430 cpu and powervr sgx540 gpu .
if you are ok with restoring your phone to factory settings , then i would try that . note that you will lose all internal data on the phone . your apps , contacts , mail , calendar , etc . will sync back from the cloud . everything on your sd card will be fine . but any application data and settings stored on the internal memory will be lost . see here for more information on how to reset your sanyo zio
do a factory reset ( here are instructions ) . grab the update from here ( dead link ) and re-flash it . you may need to put it in the /sdcard folder and name it update . zip , or use fastboot through adb ( you need to install the android sdk on your pc ) .
try , running scandisk on your card after connecting it with your computer . . . it should work
please ensue that the device supports sdhc microsd cards . also ensure that the sd card is fat16 formatted .
i did some tests , and turns out that the contacts are grayed when your phone 's app is not able to communicate with google talk servers . this is also the behavior when using google talk on other systems , or even from google web pages , like google+ . you did not noticed this before , most likely because you never had a communication issue with their server , witch is good . i have my grayed contacts all the time : (
head over to http://get.cm/?device=n7000 and note the md5sum of the download ( take care that build name / date match , of course ) . you can then check it on your phone against what was downloaded using filesums together with any file explorer app ( filesums acts as possible target for the " send to " share button when you long press the . zip file ) . open the file explorer , navigate to /storage/emulated/legacy/cmupdater/  and then long press the file you want to calculate the md5sum to " send it to " filesums . or you can download it from your phone using your computer ( via mtp or a sd card reader in case your phone has a removable one ) . then check the file 's md5sum locally using the commandline tool md5sum ( on linux ) or any windows md5sum utility ( looks like http://www.md5summer.org has a decent one , or just google it ) .
i fixed it ! i did it like this : the problem . . ? i do not know it . in console these commands helped me answering both comments of rossc and izzy i did not have a custom recovery installed . philz touch recovery is a custom recovery that is based on cwm and has a touch interface . u can see it here md5 sum was okay and was the same as from the downloaded page . so that would mean there were no corrupt files or downloads . gladly that it worked . just seems like you can not flash custom roms with a stock recovery ( i do not know if it is true , but seems like it ) . so the steps are ( for windows ) install adb driver ( i used these ) navigate to the installation foldler with cmd ( next steps are cmd commands ) adb start-server adb usb adb start-server in mobile phone " install zip from adb " adb sideload ( philz recovery ) adb reboot recovery adb start-server in mobile phone " install zip from adb " adb sideload ( custom rom ) adb reboot done !
P5110 is the galaxy tab 2 while P7510 is the original . the difference is that the newer ships with ics and has a different soc along with a slightly larger battery , while it is a lightly ticker . the P7510 came out almost a year ago . if you want future software upgrades the P5110 is a safer bet . see that datasheets for more info .
i guess that is because whatsapp stores attachments on their database with its own checksum ( every file can be represented by an alphanumeric sequence of characters called like this ) . when you try to upload a file whose checksum is already on their database , they just use the uploaded copy of the file . this leads to several advantages . indeed , preventing double uploads : avoids server overloads makes you save mobile data make whatsapp save space on their database
it could be that it is not a particular file that is corrupt , but the filesystem itself . i have had a similar problem on a galaxy s3 , and the culprit was a filesystem error on the sd card . removing the sd card and scanning the filesystem for errors from a computer fixed the problem .
the media server application indexes all your media on the phone . its common that if you transfer media files to your phone that the power consumption of the media server will go up but only for a short period of time . this is necessary , otherwise app 's will not be able to find your newly imported media . but in your case , since you seem to be having troubles with the media server app constantly consuming battery . i think that you may have a/or several corrupt media files in the phone or on your sd card . causing the media server app to constantly trying to index files . just to do a quick test , try to copy all your important media and other files to your computer then delete them from your phone or do a format on your storage memories and check if you still experience this . if you do not , the problem is as i suspected a broken or corrupt media file . the hard part is to figure out which one . source : http://talk.sonymobile.com/
( converted from a comment to an answer ) this might be a file-system problem . i once got an overfull yaffs2 files system on /data to get frozen and was not able to delete/move/update anything . by executing ' dmesg ' in a terminal or via adb you could clearly see it , was full of yaffs panic msgs . formatting was the only option ( aka . factory reset ) .
on most devices shipping with ics and up , you can simply open the notification area , and tap the corresponding quick-setting : quick settings in the notification bar ( click image for larger variant ) make your pick . hint : a2 : ) ps : not sure how far this is customizable on which android version . even items available might depend on the device used . so i am not sure your device has a 2g/3g toggle in here , but you might check .
you can add widgets to your home screen if your phone supports . you can also try widgets from play store like 2g-3g switch data on or off
it is unlikely that any twitter app offers a way to do this . in general , intents are used to start an action that requires user interaction to complete , or at the very least ask you for confirmation . if an app offered a way to send a tweet automatically via an intent , it would also have to require the app sending the intent ( llama in this case ) to have a permission created by the app handling the intent ( the twitter app ) . otherwise , any app on the phone could send tweets without your knowledge or permission . llama would have to be written to ask for this permission , and since it is not , it would not be allowed to send the intent anyway . alternatively , it would be possible for the twitter app to offer such an intent , but ignore the intent unless it was sent by llama ( or better yet , using a configurable list of allowed apps ) . this is how many apps ' tasker integrations work . since this is a pretty niche need , i do not know whether you had be able to find an app that works this way . you might find that there is an app written this way specifically to act as a llama plugin .
the boot . img file is a bootfs partition . i also tried to mount this partition , but in the end i stumbled upon this script . it may help you solve your problem .
i use andsmb or andftp over wifi for this purpose . the former accesses files shared via the smb/cifs protocol ; the latter can access ftp and sftp servers . you might already have samba ( an smb server ) installed on your ubuntu machine . if not , i think sftp is easier to set up : you just need to install the openssh-server package , and look at the official documentation to see what options you might want to change . i mention these two clients because i have used both and i know you can use " share " with both of them as well as a file browser interface ; there are other sftp and smb clients available . if you go with sftp , you might go a step further and install a dynamic-dns system on your ubuntu box so you can access it over the internet as well as your own wifi network . if you do this ( as i have ) , it is like having your own dropbox server .
there are multiple possibilities to do so . if the opposite direction is ok with you ( i.e. . initiating the transfer from your ubuntu machine ) , you might want to take a look at apps like websharing or samba server , which require little permissions . airdroid is quite famous , but you probably will not like its permission requests ( with that app you can maintain almost all your device ) . initiating transfers from your android device , some file managers might be interesting . so e.g. es file explorer file manager ( which i use myself ) . this app can even auto-discover your samba resources , so you can directly copy files in both directions . all mentioned solutions work via wifi and require both ends ( android and ubuntu ) being members of the same network .
i was not able to find easy way to make working usb connection between my galaxy s3 and ubuntu . the only solution that worked for me described here : ubuntu - automount nexus 7 in mtp mode . here is list what i did to make mtp working : compile and install go-mtp create mount point create udev rules play around with mount/umount it was not trivial at all , but finally made usb connection working . speed is good and after initial configuration does not require any further reconfiguration . please refer to the link for details .
if you see " join latitude " then your latitude options are already " off " . if you also now see " location sharing is not turned on " , then your account is not set up to share the location information and it will not be sharing the information . if you do not already , turn off wifi and gps when you are not using them , mpas will be less likely to try and get " pin point " information if you do not have these running .
i am not really sure why it happens , but i have experienced the same issue in the past with the very same phone . it usually happened when i was travelling , such that once i arrived at a new destination , i would suddenly get text messages delivered . the issue did seem to go away when i installed a custom rom ( the latest cyanogenmod at the time ) . i have since gotten another phone and have never experienced the issue . if you are feeling brave , i recommend flashing a newer rom .
settings storage , technically speaking , is actually an internal app that manages the content provider framework for settings itself . it also registers itself upon android boot-up . the settings storage backing data store handler , really , uses an sqlite database , which is in the public domain and free to use . this database is required to hold the settings for updating and retrieval via the setting 's internal content provider , which is integrated through-out the rom in itself , so everything that is seen through menu > settings , " talk " to the content provider " and that in itself , handles the backing store . also , that settings own content provider is actually global through-out the rom , irrespective of android version , so that the system apps and user apps can use that to check on it by querying it and act accordingly . hence the " seeing of two settings apps " . . . .
broken headphone jack or the profile setting might be changed , i recommend changing the phone profile and trying if not i am pretty sure its a hardware fault .
if you start gowidget , there are 2 lists . installed and not installed widgets . you can install widgets from there . if you installed the switch widget , you can add it to your homescreen tapping on a blank space and selecting gowidget from the list . switch should now be listed in the installed list . obviously go launcher ex has to be installed , it cannot just be used with htc sense . you have to replace htc sense ( at least the launcher ) through go launcher ex .
increase your Audio Buffer size . i use playerpro music player with its dsp pack . dsp pack allows me to adjust audio buffer size . i never needed to use this feature , but it will help you . you can also find other music players to support this feature . the key is Audio Buffer . alternatively , you can reduce music quality as well as system load .
try turning off any applications or hardware that uses a lot of the phone 's resources . turn off gps , wifi , network service , and dim the backlight . also shut down any other running applications than the ones you need for playing music . if this still does not work your device may not have enough memory .
i do not know how to turn the screen off completely but setting the screen brightness to the lowest possible value will help with battery life . settings-> display-> brightness
there is this app . . screen filter . this would help you in achieving your desired brightness or rather making it completely off !
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
we had similar issues in our office router which had expired security certificate resulting in denial of https urls . when we updated our certificate this issue was solved . i guess your issue should be similar . i stumbled on a web page that claims the solution . but looking at the solution i very much doubt its worth .
for syncing music to your device i use songbird and find it throughly good , and a great itunes alternative . i would suggest you run songbird , then let it find all your music files , take the original files off your samsung , and then sync sonbird with the galaxy device . good luck ! builds can be found here
the easiest way to do this is install winamp on both your computer and your phone . it is a free software and app , so no purchase is necessary . this will do exactly what itunes does with i* devices . winamp will discover your phone on your computer and allow you to literally drag and drop your music files to your phone within winamp . it also imports all your songs from your itunes music folder , so it is a very simple process . it even updates the library if the itunes music folder is updated ( songs are deleted or added ) .
just move your mp3 files to the media folder on the phone and music players will see them . you will also be able to assign the files to the contacts from your address book as personal ringtones .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
remount sd card or even restart will also work or just browse using any file manager type of apps and play using music app . . .
got same problem . here 's a fix . go to the advanced settings by typing " about:config " in the url string , filter settings by " font " substring and change the values of font names corresponding to your codepage from " sans . . . " ( not mono ) to " roboto " . restart firefox
as mentioned in comments , when you tap some text to set the insertion point you should get a blue indicator " tab " just below where the cursor has been placed . it is usually then fairly easy to drag this " tab " ( and corresponding cursor ) a couple of characters to the correct position . unfortunately , unlike some other keyboards , the stock android keyboard does not have arrow keys .
i do not know about the stock keyboard but in swiftkey and kii keyboard ( a wonderful and free alternative to stock keyboard and swiftkey ) you and enable arrow keys , ie → ← ↑ ↓ . i think this might be what you are looking for .
you can install an alternate keyboard to gain this functionality . i put hackers keyboard ( free in play store ) on my nexus 10 and have it configured with arrow keys . ctrl-c/x/v also work ( for cut and paste shortcuts ) .
if the underlying baseband does not support 850 mhz it is not going to work . also , if you have a very old sim it probably is not going to work . i believe the software can also prevent you to change the preference . maybe upgrade your baseband ( radio ) after rooting your phone . maybe a factory upgrade will also do the trick , but i am not sure . see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2794087 to root and be able to flash roms . personally , i would try for a refund or return , try to let the store fix this issue . 3g is on the carton after all ?
if the dustbin animation is shown the voice note probably is deleted . or you can check all the saved voice notes on the sd card . the path is Whatsapp/Media/Whatsapp Voice
yes , it is normal . think about what a rooting app does . it exploits a vulnerability in the operating system to get elevated privileges , and drops a new binary so that it will continue to have those privileges , completely subverting the security of the system . in a way , a rooting app is a virus . you certainly would not want to install one by accident , so it is correct that your antivirus should warn about it . if you want a " clean " method of rooting , the only way is to use the official method , by unlocking your bootloader and using the recovery to root .
with full device encryption , unencrypted fragments should be available in volatile ram only – which means an attacker needs physical access to the running system . there is no such thing as 100% security , but i would say that is as close as you can get , when combining it with a good lock mechanism ( best encryption is useless if you do not lock your device and an attacker can get physical access ) . als for luks , i would recommend checking with their project site , which contains a bunch of information . a raw scan ( i do not use luks myself ) even revealed information on how to use luks to fully encrypt partitions on the android device . the luks team will also be the best address for technical details .
that is a known bug with kitkat , not only affecting the nexus but other devices as well . we discussed that on chat lately . a work-around is using an app like appchooser , which replaces the share menu . as a side-effect , it even gives you several improvements above the built-in share menu , as e.g. the possibility to chose between grid and list display , or have the list sorted alphabetically versus last-used ( where the latter would have your most frequently used share-targets always on top ) . you can even hide apps you do not want to see in the share menu ( and make them visible via the " show all " button ) . appchoser ( source : google play ) the only alternative i know of is andmade share , which offers comparable features .
htc starting offering their own free unlock tool online some little while ago in an effort to be more hack-friendly , and the g1 ( or dream ) is one of the phones you can unlock with it . failing that you can also contact htc support to get the unlock code .
if you wish you can check with online unlocking service provider called mobile-unlocker . com who will help you in unlocking your g1 within 1-2 working days . . .
flash it using recovery , but you will need to wipe your cache is after flashing or gapps will crash , therefore making your phone unusable and forcing you to wipe .
you should be able to do that . first make sure you download the correct version ( the version of the gapps archive must match the android version installed on your device ) . put the gapps*.zip file on your sdcard , and boot to recovery-mode . select " install update . zip " , and navigate to your gapps archive . select it , have it installed , reboot , enjoy : ) as you have tagged your question cyanogenmod , you might also wish to take a look at their gapps page . this will make it easier for you to find the correct gapps archive .
i have looked , but it seems there is nothing that will work with the volume up button to undo the silence .
that is odd - mine behaves the way you want : pressing volume down decreases the volume , and then goes into vibrate and finally silent mode ; then pressing volume up reverses all of this . my nexus 4 has the current version of android : 4.3 ( jwr66y ) on it .
judging by the details you have provided , there is nothing to be afraid of regarding the notification . the spy activity you mentioned is never an actual warning from the os but a mere notification generated by the game to involve you in playing it . ( most probably you will be told that some enemy is spotted spying on you in an on-game mission , after the notification is selected and the game is opened . ) so after all , that notification is not a actual positive spyware warning . nothing to worry . you can not read previously cleared notifications of the notification bar . but you might be able to see the previous notification of your game if the game has a such a function in-built . check for notifications or mission updates in in-game menus . this , of course , is bit of a long shot . if there is no such option , those notifications also cannot be viewed .
dropbox is great for syncing photos on your mobile device to any connect computer . dropbox also has up to 26gb of free space . i personally use dropbox with my family to share photos and information with them .
erasing your phone internal memory i have not tried it but using android fastboot or an recovery rom it should be possible to overwrite each partition on your device . fastboot also supports an erase command - i assume that this erase can not be considered a secure erase . therefore a secure way would be to overwrite to the two partitions userdata and cache ( and may be others depending on your device ) . the image used for overwriting should be as large as the partition . erasing the sd-card sd-cards can easily be " undelete " using a card reader and a common pc . therefore it is strongly recommended to wipe it . best way would be to use an sd-card reader on your pc and then use a tool like wipedisk .
make sure you back up any data you will want from both the phone and the card beforehand . a factory reset will clear all user modifications to the stock software ( installed apps , files , etc ) , leaving a clean device . for the card , go to settings - sd and phone storage ( or some similar menu ) , and select " unmount " and then " format sd card " or " erase sd card " . this will erase all data from the card .
for the internal storage of the phone you can only do a " factory reset " , this will leave your phone with the default factory configuration with no apps installed or any configuration . it is not a " safe method " of deleting the content , but you can not have access to the physical internal storage so this is all you can do . for the sd card , as @robert said , the best option is to extract it from the phone and put on a card reader in your pc and use some " safe erase " software . the one @robert mentioned , wipedisk , is free and reasonably good , so it’s a good option .
i reconfigured the router to resolve the problem . the settings that work include : g rather than the other options being b and g/n . this looks like the setting for the suffix on 802.11 . wpa-personal aes of course other settings may also work and might be more secure but i did not try them .
if the " default storage " is not showing there then you should use any third party application . app2sd , androidassistant , cleanmaster or link2sd should do this . but if your device is rooted you should definitely try link2sd , with some few tweaks it automatically transfers all apps to sdcard . hope that helps .
you may also look here : how do i run two programs at once in split-screen ? tested on a samsung note 10.1 ( sm-p605 ) with android 4.3 i found some apps which are supporting multi window , e . g : my files ( * ) stock video player mx player stock email app gmail stock webbrowser ( * ) chrome gallery contacts phone google maps polaris office 5 whatsapp facebook watch now chat on ( * ) google play store but there are really very few apps capable to run with multiple instances ( from the above list only those which are marked with ( * ) ) . so , you can for example open My Files twice ( left and right of upper and lower half screen ) : unfortunally , Polaris Office 5 ( pdf viewer ) is not capable to run twice . so if you want to view 2 pdf docs side by side , it seems that you have to install a 2nd pdf viewer app and e.g. open Polaris Office 5 on the left and the other pdf viewer on the right side of the screen . a short look to google play store for pdf viewers that support multi window : pdf reader from ivan ivanenko ( free ) ebooka pdf viewer from ivan ivanenko ( free ) repligo pdf reader ( paid , 2,26€ ) at the following screenshot i had opened ivan ivanenko 's pdf reader and ebooka pdf viewer side by side :
try using floating apps . multi window feature is only available on a few android devices like samsung note , etc . floating apps will provide similar functionality . try this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lwi.android.flappsfull
samsung galaxy s2 . . . same solution touch click " incoming settings " which looks like a label rather than a field
changing your account setting will allow you to access your e-mail , but will not reset the google account synchronization . after you update your passwords in the accounts of the security section then open the playstore application . the playstore application will then notice your change of password and will prompt you for the new one . give the new password and that is it .
in samsung galaxy s2: settings > accounts and sync > ( select your exchange email ) > account settings > ( select your added account ) > scroll down to sub heading " sever settings " > exchange server settings under that heading is : domain\user name password exchange server settings the phone does not prompt you for a new password . that would be nice if it did , instead of continually updating you with notifications that it could not connect to the exchange server .
the phone should prompt you for the new password once it gets an error back from exchange . if it does not - you can try removing the account and re-adding it on Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync page .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
no , you cannot edit the host file without root privileges . but , if you have access to the internet connection on which your kindle in connecting , you can modify dns entries there . your kindle first looks at its host file , then asks the dns server to resolve a hostname . provided you have admin privileges somewhere in the chain , you can insert your own record ; since you do not have admin access on the localhost ( kindle ) , you go further up the chain to a link where you do have admin rights . if you are going over cell data or are on a wifi network that you do not own , you could instead set up a vpn to a network to which you do have full rights . then set up whatever dns records you want ( in the hosts file of the vpn server , or some other method ) . when connected to a vpn , your device should query the dns server over vpn , thus giving you control once more .
if you mean that thingy in the notification bar that upon touching let 's you chose your desired mode -- that is still there with launcher pro as it has nothing to do with sense and launcher pro has nothing to do with your notification area ( unless of course you decide to disable it )
probably damian gave you the best answer . an alternative i could suggest is , if you have rooted your phone , consider trying miui rom cause the new version ( 1.6 ) has the a theming lockscreen with already dozens of available themes and tweaks . maybe you find what your looking for there .
lockscreen calendar is a fairly lightweight app to display your next few upcoming events on your lockscreen . unfortunately , it does not currently support recurring events .
maybe this application will help you ; http://www.appbrain.com/app/executive-assistant/com.appventive.execassist it is pretty expensive but looks pretty powerful .
as far as i know , it breaks down into this : other : this is ram that is unavailable right now because it is in use by services that are actually running ( it might be ones that can not be killed , in fact ) . using your example , there is 78 mb of ram in use by 4 processes , hence "78 in 4" . avail : the first number here is the amount of ram that is completely free and not allocated to any process ( the 109 mb in your example ) . the second number is allocated but the process is in a state where it can be deallocated . thus , "58 mb in 8" means there are 8 processes that are currently holding 58 mb of memory , but they are paused/frozen in the background and that 58 mb can be reclaimed by the os if an active process needs it . edit : as jake pointed out in the comment below , you can find a description in this entry on the android developers blog ( scroll all the way to the bottom ) .
i had the same problem . i needed to clear all the data from the app so it would need to re-sync everything again . seemed to fix the problem for me after that .
try opening the gmail app , go to settings ( click the three vertical dots in the top right ) , click on your email account and select " default inbox " as your inbox type . i expect this is happening because you have got " priority inbox " set as your default and this does not show all your messages .
summed-up solution from above comments : you can use a filtering proxy like e.g. filterproxy , which lets you define what urls should be blocked . to prevent other users from simply disabling the proxy then , you could protect it using an app locker like e.g. app lock .
app updates notification can come from the app themselves , but most commonly they come from the play store . play store will notify you for any updates to system apps ( i.e. . apps that originally comes with the phone ) and apps that are installed through the play store ; it will not notify you about updates to side-loaded apps our apps installed by third party market . third party market may also have their own update notification mechanism ; which is completely unrelated to the play store update mechanism . they may or may not provide update to system apps , although most do not . amazon app market for example also provide updates notification . note that update notification on third party market depends on the app developer updating the app on the third party market , some developers might update their app on play but not on third party market or vice versa for various reasons .
I noticed on another android phone there were "updates" such as new Youtube, Gmail, etc. I never received a notification for these on my device.  go to play store app in your device and hit the menu button and go to my apps you can see the installed apps list here . select any app and you can see the check box Allow Automatic updating below the application screen shots . check this and you will be notify every time when the updates are available and it will automatically update if you are connected with any network ( edge/wi-fi/3g ) . Are these delivered via Google Market.  ofcourse , they are delivered via google market . or is there another app I can use to update these other than Google Market?  no , there are no other apps that you can use to update these apps . if there will be any app that offers updates they will ultimately redirected to the google market .
you can try another way : wireless connection via wifi . some apps such as airdroid , web pc suite can help you transfer files by wifi . connect the two devices by scanning a qr code , then you can send files between the two devices easily .
maybe not exactly what you had in mind , but coming close : there are several clipboard-action apps available which might come close to that . i did not try them , so no guarantees – but their descriptions are promising they can do that . two examples would be : speaklip auto speak clipboard 2 hopefully one of them proves helpful to you . good luck !
getting the proper adb version and also using linux instead of windows and screwing with the usb debug feature until a proper rsa key exchange finally occurred . the combination of the 3 corrected the issue . . . . .
you always can install button savior on rooted roms ( however i am not aware if it has compatibility problems with some ) . it worths a try , because it is free ( but also has a pro version to purchase ) . it allows you to add hardware keys of your phone as virtual software keys on any location of the screen . so you can easily trigger home or back keys just by touching their icons on screen , even on full-screen apps and games .
i solved this by reinstalling the store update ( i.e. . switching it back to the basic market app and let it update again )
i noticed that you said you tried clearing the cache and data for the google play store app , and the target app 's cache . can you try to uninstall the application and install it from scratch ? that might help .
i transferred the cm9 files with dropbox and flashed . the issue did not persist after flashing .
the reason the pictures remains visible in the gallery is because the android 's mediascanner is a bit weak in this regard . what happens is this - when android boots up , it runs the mediascanner , which goes off and checks all the images , ringtones , audio to sum up , and keeps tab on it . this is only done once on boot . you can get around this , by unmounting the sd card , do this safely ( settings > storage > unmount sd card ) this will take a few seconds , once its unmounted , you can pop out the sd card , pop it back in again , this in turn will force the mediascanner to run again , and then all the images that you have deleted are no longer there in the gallery . mediascanner is a service that acts as a caching service in that it caches all media ( images/audio ) . on some roms , there is a facility to force it to run again without having to do the above .
try the proposed solutions in this post . in short , one of these may trigger media scan : send a broadcast intent action_media_mounted . note that it is possible to send an intent via ./adb shell am . run the rescan media app renaming a file taking a photo through the camera app remounting sd card rebooting
while other answers have given nice workarounds for this issue , most of them seem to not work properly in ics . the only sure method of deleting all pictures was as such : delete all files in dcim folder clear data for gallery clear data for media storage kill both gallery and android . process . media i have attempted to get these into a script , the issue is with 3 - as media storage does not give it is process name , and as such i can not clear data through ' adb shell pm clear processname ' for it .
if you have windows pc try this . back up any data in sd card and save it in pc . insert your sd card in any card reader and insert in pc press Windows Key + R and the run dialog should popup . type in diskpart and hit enter . once diskpart comes up , type list disk . ( this will show you all the disks that are attached to the system . you will want to note the number of the one that is your sd card/flash drive . you should be able to distinguish it based on it is small size compared to your hard disks . ) select the sd card by typing select disk number ( eg:select disk 2 ) type list part and it will show you what partitions are already on the disk . next to remove all the partitions from the disk just type clean . afterwards type list part and the console should say that there are now no partitions on the disk . ( if you need more than one partition goto step 8 ) type create partition primary and this will create a new partition that fills the available space on the disk . you can type list part to confirm that the new partition has been created . goto step 11 if you want it a particular size add the size parameter size=20 eg : create partition primary size=100 ( with the size in mbs ) select the new partition select partition 1 ( you can list partition using list partition command ) now format it to fat32 format FS=Fat32 label="SDCARD" repeat 8,9,10 to create more partition ( you can use exfat instead of fat32 if you have more than 4gb sdcard , you can omit the label part if not needed ) thats it now you can close diskpart and eject the sd card and insert in your android
as saiboogu says jpx is a 2.2 froyo rom , i am pretty sure the last released 2.1 update was jmx . for anyone who is struggling to understand samsung 's build numbers , they seem to use a 3 letter code where the first two letters are the software version ( going up in alphabetical order ) and the third digit refers to a specific customization of that software version , generally network/country specific customizations change the last digit when your operator pre-saves their apn settings , boot logo , and any operator bundled apps directly into the rom .
it is a froyo rom , according to comments i have read around xda . a custom froyo rom based on jpa blog entry detailing the european froyo update rollout , references jpa
uninstall setcpu and adfree if you do not want to use them . beyond that , you should do a factory reset to erase your data and apps -- if the rom/os is vanilla , then that should be the only thing different from how your phone came in the box .
i installed the disk info app and in the options , i enabled expert mode and unmounted partitions . it does not say " swap " , but it shows clearly that it is the only other partition on the sd card and it is the right size , so /dev/block/mmcblk1p2 must be the one : swapper 2 is configured to use /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 by default , so i am glad i did not go with the default .
fdisk -l works if you pass the whole disk device name explicitly ( e . g . , fdisk -l /dev/block/mmcblk1 ) ; what does not work is automatic discovery of block devices ( apparently because android places block device files under the /dev/block directory , but fdisk expects to see those files directly in /dev ) . therefore one option is to collect the list of whole disk devices ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 , /dev/block/mmcblk1 ,  … ) and look at their partition tables using <code> fdisk -l &lt ; device&gt ; </code> . these whole disk devices are listed in /proc/partitions before the corresponding partitions . the blkid utility does not look at the partition table at all — it opens all block devices known by the system and detects the filesystem type from the actual data on those devices ; therefore blkid will not show correct information for the swap partition until that partition is initialized by mkswap . this means that blkid is useless for your current task ( finding which partition should be passed to mkswap ) . mount usually shows devices under /dev/block/vold , which are named according to their major and minor numbers . to get the usual device name , you can look in /proc/partitions to find a row containing the same numbers in the first two columns . then you can remove the <code> p &lt ; number&gt ; </code> part from the end of the device name , add /dev/block/ at the start and pass the resulting name to fdisk -l to see the partition table of the corresponding device . beware that if you look at the fdisk -l output for the internal emmc flash , you may find lots of partitions with strange types , especially on qualcomm-based devices . e.g. , see the partition table for samsung galaxy w ( gt-i8150 ) : partition type codes there are even dangerously wrong , because /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 , which is declared Win95 FAT32 (LBA) , actually contains some system data ( including locations and md5 hashes of various rom parts ) ; however , /dev/block/mmcblk0p28 , which is the fat16-formatted “internal data storage” , has a type which looks completely bogus . in this case the manufacturer did not reuse the 0x82 ( linux swap ) type code for their own purposes , but i am not sure that such collisions never occur , so you should not blindly try to use any partition which looks like swap — first check that the device size and partition layout are what you expect to see on your sd card . /proc/mtd is never useful for finding a swap partition on sd card ( mtd drivers are used to access directly attached raw flash chips , they cannot work with external sd cards ) .
so it turns out that there is no other way than to do it manually , and it is not difficult at all : ) get myphoneexplorer ( i am sure you can do it using the phone portal too , but myphoneexplorer is just so convenient : ) go to the contact tab , right click on any contact , click on export/import , export all contacts , and select the csv format check that the csv file is ok opening it in excel for example open gmail , go to the contacts link and click on import , select the csv file and import now return to the phone explorer , and delete all your contacts click on android 's settings - accounts , click on the gmail account and click on synchronize contacts . all your contacts are restored to your phone , but now they are linked in gmail .
use one of those : <code> cat /proc/mounts mount # free disk space of mounted fs ' df # this shows you available devices cat /proc/partitions </code> ps : lines containing asec are moved-to-sdcard apps ( it is each an encrypted volume per app for security reasons )
you should be able to pair the devices via bluetooth , the go to your old phone 's contact list and either go through the menus to find a Select all option , or go through your contacts one by one and select Send ( or Share ) -> Bluetooth -> &lt;your new phone&gt; . they will appear on your new phone as vcards and you can save them , but i think you have to do this one by one on the new phone ( i might be wrong , i have no experience with htc phones ) .
if you have a pc cable for your sgh e250 you could try mobile master management software for feature phones . it has a 30 day full working trial ( download at http://www.mobile-master.com/samsung/sgh_e250.html ) . mm supports many different phone models and allows to export contacts to . vcard or . csv format . samsung also offers sync software but i found that newer versions often have problems with discontinued phone models . you might give it a try if mm does not work for you . a ) you then can import that . vcard into gmail.com's contact application . your htc wildfire will then sync them once you registered the phone with your gmail account b ) you can also push the . vcard to your htc and import it from there . you will be promted to import when you try to open the vcard . all recent android models allow that . last resort : if all that is not possible ( i had to do that already once ) , you are maybe best off by using gmail 's web frontend to manually input your contacts one by one instead of doing it on the phone . in case you have an old sony ericsson model that supports the old sim format of your sgh e250: these usually allow to export phone contacts to vcard format onto the memory stick . you could then just go ahead with a ) or b ) .
i have thought about this as well for my senior parents . there are really only two options : replace the stock launcher with something like big launcher ( $10 ) or large launcher senior ( free ) . the downside to these is that they feel more childish , and some older tech-savvy users might not appreciate that . increase the font size that android displays text in . some versions of android already have an option under Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Large Text ( sidenote : magnification gestures may also be helpful to some senior users who can remember them ) . additionally , big font ( free ) offers more granular control over font sizes . pair that with a third-party launcher , like apex and holo launcher which allow you to change the icon sizes on both the home screen ( s ) and the app drawer . another nice thing is that you can hide apps with these launchers too , so you could hide apps that might not be helpful for the user to see every time they search the drawer .
when my mother first switched to a smart phone i made her a customized launcher with lightning launcher . its free and has tons of customizations . downfall is that it might take a bit to learn all the features but once you learn its really incredible . you can change icon size , text size , icon rotation , and even set it up with massive fonts so putting on glasses to use the phone is not always required
what i ended up doing was selecting the " upload all " option under the google+ settings for instant upload . this uploaded some photos that had not already been uploaded and seems to have kick-started the process .
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
have you tried using an alternative sms app ? handcent is very popular . it has always notified me of a new sms even with the message still open . edit : if you do not want to switch sms apps , you can also use sms popup .
astro file manager ( like es file explorer ) also has support for dropbox and allows you to download folders . for a dedicated app , there is folder downloader for dropbox which works just with your dropbox account .
( i do not use the dropbox app on android ; does it not keep local copies ? ) dropsync keeps specified android folders synced with specified dropbox folders . no need to export ; it is ( almost ) always there . ' almost ' as in : the changes i make on android get uploaded right away ; changes made to dropbox files by some other device get downloaded at the next scheduled ( or manually initiated ) sync . the only time i ever need to think about it is when i have two devices open and i am working with both of them .
es file explorer has support for several cloud storage providers . it allows to " copy " folders from your dropbox folder to your sd-card etc in a similar fashion as you would copy files locally . the " network " tab allows you to add an account .
take a look at the app tasker . also the free app llama may also be able to do this . tasker and llama automate tasks on your phone . so you can have them say if this condition ( car charger plugged in ) then do something ( activate svoice ) .
i think you will find that is normal . i wondered about it at first too . . if you lock your phone by pressing the power button , your phone is locked , but not secure . because you have only just been using your phone , if you unlock it immediately by re-pressing the power button and pulling down the clock , you will not have to enter your pincode or pattern , because it is highly unlikely to have been stolen in the past 30 seconds . however if you lock your phone via the power button ( or if it times out by itself ) and then you leave it for a few minutes then the next time you drag down the clock to unlock it , you will also have to enter your pincode or pattern , to verify that it is you . if you want your phone to ask for your pincode every time , straight away , go to : " settings " > " security " > " lock phone after " > and select , " immediately " . i have mine set to 3 minutes for convenience . hope this helps . .
i have never tried but i strongly doubt it , for reasons that are nothing to do with android itself . each manufacturer has their own variant of the headset connector on their phones , but they are all compatible with standard stereo headphones . this implies that the tip and the first ring are outputs ( the left and right channel ) , not inputs . in contrast , digital keyboard pedals like the one you linked to tend to be wired like microphones , with the output ( from the pedal 's point of view ) on one or more of the connections where the phone is expecting its output to be . for this reason i doubt you will be able to do something like this on any kind of phone without some custom hardware . that said , you do get usb foot-pedals for typing ( you can configure them as an extra shift key or similar ) , so one of those might satisfy your need .
sure you can , there is a product that uses the audio port as an extra button , check this : http://gizmodo.com/add-a-button-to-any-android-phone-with-this-genius-head-1221431712 maybe this is more like a comment than an answer , but actually i can not add comments untill i reach 50 points . by the way , as microphone it is an analog input for the android , you can set a trigger point on certain value to detect an ( on/off ) state , for example : if microphone values are in a range from 0 to 1024 , you can set that if input it is less than 100 consider it as pedal pressed , if it is greater than this , pedal it is not pressed . you just need to read microphone input and convert it to it is analog values instead of treating it as audio .
the recent applications list show only what applications have been recently used , it does not check whether they are still running or using memory/cpu . therefore , this list does not affect battery use one way or the other . instead , you might want to check Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; [swipe to the right] to show running applications , processes and services . here you can see the apps that are using your device and consuming battery , and kill unnecessary processes by tapping the app and then Stop .
i actually had the exact same issue when trying to set up users on a no brand tablet . my tablet was rooted out of the box , so i installed xposed and then the module multiple users for phone . even though the title says it is for phones , it works flawlessly on my tablet . it adds the option Users to your settings page . info about xposed from the installer page : xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . that is great because it means that modules can work for different versions and even roms without any changes ( as long as the original code was not changed too much ) . it is also easy to undo . as all changes are done in the memory , you just need to deactivate the module and reboot to get your original system back . there are many other advantages , but here is just one more : multiple modules can do changes to the same part of the system or app . with modified apks , you to decide for one . no way to combine them , unless the author builds multiple apks with different combinations . if you want clearer instructions on how to install , comment and i will edit the question . i can not link to all the links because i do not have 10 reputation ( yet ) .
when you flash Gapps.zip ( or really any zip in recovery mode ) , the applications in it are usually written to the /system partition on the device . the difficulty is that the system partition is only mounted as ' writable ' when installing the gapps zip . after that , it is mounted as ' read-only ' , making it impossible to delete things on it . you basically have two options for deleting unwanted system applications : start over : reflash your rom , then flash a modified version of the gapps zip that has only the apks you require . you can remove apps from the gapps zip simply by unzipping it , deleting the apks you do not want , then zipping it up again . acquire root access , and remount the system partition as writable . you will need the android command line tools installed to do this , but it sounds like you already have . to mount the system partition as writable , do the following : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system  note : /system is only writable until the device is rebooted . you then need to delete the unwanted apks from /system/app . reboot , and you should see the offending apps gone from your launcher . please bear in mind , however , that some google apps depend on each other , and may not work properly if you delete those that they depend on . i think you will generally be ok if you only delete ' named ' applications ( e . g . hangouts . apk ) . others such as googlehome . apk are required by others .
easiest way to do it is with Titanium Backup application .
this was my mistake . i had the proxy server configured incorrectly . packet forwarding was not turned on so no traffic other than the intercepted port 80 and 443 traffic could reach the internet . since google uses ports in the 5000s to determine connectivity and those ports were essentially blocked no internet connectivity could be determined .
any apk files installed in your device usually stay on its internal memory . the apk configuration defines whether the app should stay on the mobile 's internal memory completely , or it may shift a few resource files ( images , etc . ) to the sd card . the main files ( technically : the java class files and layout files ) remain on the internal memory of the device . this may be changed if your device is rooted , and you have partitioned your sd card to allow installations on it ( technically : ext4 extension replacing the fat32 extension of a part of your sdcard , which will not be accessible to the user from the device as a mass storage ) . apps2sd is an app which eases the process of shifting apps capable of transferring resources from apk to sdcard , so as to free up some memory on the internal memory . the app does not help install apks on sd card . hope this helps .
it very much depends on the app you want to install , and what the developer of that app decided to be the preferred install location . see : app install location on developer.android.com: beginning with api level 8 , you can allow your application to be installed on the external storage ( for example , the device 's sd card ) . this is an optional feature you can declare for your application with the android:installlocation manifest attribute . [ . . . ] if you declare " preferexternal " , you request that your application be installed on the external storage , but the system does not guarantee that your application will be installed on the external storage . if the external storage is full , the system will install it on the internal storage . the user can also move your application between the two locations . if you declare " auto " , you indicate that your application may be installed on the external storage , but you do not have a preference of install location . the system will decide where to install your application based on several factors . the user can also move your application between the two locations . the linked article contains a lot more details , but they are rather targeted at the developer . above quotes however are the ones referring to your question . for a final answer , there are two choices : a ) simply try and see , or b ) ask the developer .
it will be installed on your phone memory ( internal sd card ) . but you can move that app to your external memory card using this application .
there is now .
using the version of swype that comes pre-loaded on a uk galaxy s , i can long-press on the " q " in the top-left of the keyboard to get a list of languages pop-up . the top two options here on my phone are " uk english " and " us english " . if i switch between the two , and then swype through " colo [ u ] r " ( obviously you have to swype across the " u " to get from the " o " to the " r" ) i get " color " as the result in us english , and " colour " as the result when set to uk english , so it would seem that there are two separate dictionaries .
recent versions of swype ( i have 3.26.92.38303 ) allow you to download additional languages : select Settings → Language &amp; inuput → Swype → Language Options → Manage Languages → Download languages and choose the language that you wish to add .
your pc / laptop needs to connect to your phone via bluetooth . in windows 7 , provided your phone supports the relevant bluetooth connections , you should be able to use your computer to listen to /speak with calls received on your phone . you need to pair your phone with your computer via bluetooth to enable this functionality . in windows 7 , click the bluetooth icon in the notification area ( system tray ) and choose your device .
googled for this and this page came up among the first results . . those still interested in the same issue , google for " soundabout " good luck
go launcher ex looks like you can turn that on , at least for some apps . related is the next notification plugin for next launcher 3d .
lucky boy ! when i did the root procedure on my galaxy s4 , i did not figure out that i was going to lost my warranty increasing the knox counter . . . infact almost any root procedure will do this . but , as i told you before , you are lucky because there is some new root-procedure that will not increase the knox counter . you can read further on this : http://www.theandroidsoul.com/universal-root-de-la-vega-script/ hope i have helped you ! luca
there are two events that will trigger the knox flag to change from 0x0 to 0x1 . unsigned recovery ( recovery . img ) is flashed unsigned kernel ( boot . img ) is flashed it is not the actual custom rom that trips knox when you get to flashing . it is the step before that , getting a custom recovery loaded in order to flash the rom itself . this is also why the de-la-vega root method works , because it flashes a prerooted stock system image to your device without touching the two partitions that do trip knox of modified .
have you tried using this update tool ? it should do the work if it can connect .
there is currently no way to do this . where did you get the . dz file from ? you would have to ask the prividor to provide a . kdz file as well as the . dz file so you can flash with the kdz updater program .
officially : this is not possible , except for certain ( older ? ) archos tablets . inofficially : there is the autopatcher project . it includes patches to enable 3g modems on wifi-only tablets ( it may be possible to use those on phones too , but ymmv ) . autopatcher supports these android firmware flavours : some 3rd party firmwares ( cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoidandroid , pacman ) aosp 2.3- > 4.3 ( e . g . , google 's nexus line ) . . . and others not supported are original htc , samsung and other branded firmwares .
i think the problem could be the default " unconfined domain " the binary gets executed when no policy is specified . an attempt i would try would be to move the sshelper_sshd ( i think it is the sshd server ? ) somewhere on the /system partition ( /system/sbin/ ? ) i think the best and updated document to read to deal with selinux implementation on android ( seandroid ) is how-to su . here an extract from chapter 5.4.4 . android 4.4.3 a good example of the unconfined domain not being all-mighty , is executing files from /data . starting android 4.4.3 , this will no longer be possible from the unconfined domain ( see #74082 and #78801 ) . the established practise of including binaries and scripts in your apk , extracting them to /data/data/ [ package ] /files/ or placing them in /data/data/ [ package ] /lib/ and executing them from there through a su call will no longer work out-of-the-box . while there are other work-arounds possible ( like copying to and executing from rootfs ) , one solution is switching contexts to a context not in the unconfined domain ( like u:r:untrusted_app:s0 , the context the rest of your app is likely to run as ) . you will need to do extensive testing to see if all the calls you want to make still run in the context you choose , though , and you may have to try some different ones to get the capabilities you want . note that executing files in /data will still work as expected from your app if you are not trying to run it as root .
well , to put this another way : for gingerbread , storage space weighs around 95mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 6.5gb , compilation taking up approx 14gb space . android 's storage space for ics , weighs around 160mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 9.5gb , compilation - takes up approx 20gb space . as to jb , have not yet built it , but source code is 12.5gb , compilation takes up around 25gb space , various official jb images hovers around 200mb mark . the above ball-park figures above , reflects from gb , ics and jb . as for the future versions of android , only time will tell how much more space will be taken up , it will increase , no doubt ! as for the final image build output , this would be dependent on handset , as rom developers/manufacturers love to add their own bits , hence the inclusion of the " give or take " in the above sentences , not to mention carrier bloat-ware so the mileage will vary .
now that the phone is released , i believe sparx 's answer is incorrect for part 1 . it has an 8 mp rear camera , and a 1.9 mp front facing camera .
no - one 3.15mp camera on the rear 3.15 mp , 2048x1536 pixels , autofocus , geo-tagging , face and smile detection , video- qvga@15fps . here 's a comparison of the galaxy 3 alongside images from its peers . yes , the default browser does indeed support multiple windows .
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
if you did not explicitly configure your device to automatically use " open " and unprotected networks , it will only connect to those you explicitly tell it to -- so you need not worry about this . as for your "3g turning off " issue : that is very strange . something in your device still seems to think that , as soon as some wifi is near , you are going to use that . probably you can avoid this by turning wifi off . you need not do that manually everytime ( you might forget , and you might be annoyed when it is not on when you need it ) -- but rather let smart wifi manage this for you . this app remembers wifi networks you connected to . when you get disconnected , it will switch wifi off . as soon as it detects you get close to it ( it remembered the cell towers near , so this is it detects the area where you have been connected to some wifi ) , it switches wifi back on . it just could get weird with " mobile hotspots " , if you connect to another android device 's hotspot functionality in the middle of a desert , it would always turn wifi on at that place , even if nothing 's around . oh , well : no cell towers close ? so this will not happen : )
that is just the new google camera app . you can uninstall the update and use the stock version instead if that bothers you .
i to am using my phone as a 3g modem and sometimes this happens when i messed up some settings in the phone . i just clear the Settings data on my phone and it returns to normal . open Settings app go to Apps go to ALL tab find the Settings app open it and Clear Data try tethering again this usually fixes the wifi dropping while tethering issue on my xperia play if your internet keeps timing out while you are connected then it might be also a network issue , or your phone automatically disconnecting from the network due to inactivity . if you frequently take a break using the internet but like to keep the connection alive then i would recommend using a pinger
one thing you can try is to increase how long apps stay in memory . it is pretty simple to do this on a galaxy s -- install one click lag fix from the market , open it , go to alter minfree and change it to moderate ( check set on boot too ) . i use this setting and apps usually only get killed if i play angry birds for a while and the phone needs to kill them to free up memory .
the android version of winamp seems to do a fairly decent job of this . i barely use it ( this particular aspect is not that important to me ) , but i have just fired it up after about a week , and it picked up exactly where it left off .
if you do not depend on a data connection , there may be some solutions around : the google playstore has a lot of automation apps to offer , which you can use to set up more than this . in your case , this would be a time-based scenario : from 11pm to 7am , disable wifi and mobile data no data connection => no new mail => no new mail notifications . apps capable of things like that include e.g. timeriffic ( free , and one of the top-apps in this section ) , llama ( also capable of location-based and other rules ) , and -- my favorite -- tasker . though the latter is not the cheapest one , it is the most flexible , and you can get a 7-day-trial at their homepage . for examples what else you can achieve with tasker , you might also want to take a look at <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? , and the examples at the mentioned homepage . also , a google search on tasker profiles will list you a lot of goodies . to accomplish your goal using tasker , simply create the following profile : context : time ( fill in your " from " and " to " to define the time frame ) task : net-> mobile data : set off net-> wifi : set off that is all . say you defined it as described above ( 11pm to 7am ) , tasker would switch off wifi and mobile data at 11pm , and return to the previous state at 7am . more solutions can probably be found here : is it possible to only silence certain notifications ?
or one could use an alternate email client like k9 which has quiet hours feature built-in .
you could also find the file being used as the tone for email ( assuming it is unique to email ) and rename it to [ email_tone_name ] . bak for certain hours . then when your time period has elapsed , rename [ email_tone_name ] . bak to [ email_tone_name ] . you may actually need to have a silent tone file and rename [ silent_file_name ] to [ email_tone_name ] . it may be that it will pick some default if it can not find the one it is set to use .
how about advancedbrightness ? it is not automatic - you had have to configure it accordingly . however , since you said " adjust throughout the day , " this may well be a suitable app for your needs . oh , and it is free and very small ( 33kb ) .
if you do not mind programming it in , llama is a free alternative to locale and tasker ! : ) it has date/time of day triggers with screen brightness actions ( along with quite a few others ! ) .
an application like locale ( $9.99usd ) will let you do that . at say 9 am you can adjust the brightness to one setting , then add another condition to adjust the brightness to a different setting at a different time . tasker should be able to do it as well . it does a lot of what locale does , plus more . it also supports all the locale plug-ins . it is also about $5.99usd .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
i did an adb install -r [ apk ] thanks to the comment by @eldarerathis and i got an install_failed_container_error as the reason for installation failure . . . further searching got me to this link http://eatingbits.se/articles/2010/11/16/install_failed_container_error-when-installing-an-application-on-android/ the solution being a temp file inside . android_secure folder not getting removed . so once i deleted the file app installed properly . thanks everyone for helping out ! !
go to apps> settings> applications , there look for unknown sources that is first option . make sure it is ticked .
have you tried installing the market ? i have installed the 3.4.4 market from android police a few times , if you are looking for a safe file . just put it on your sd card or internal storage ( make sure it has the . apk extension ) and install it via a file manager . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources needs to be checked for this .
do you have superuser ? if so , make sure it is giving the app superuser privileges . i use this one : system app remover pro 3.0.1035 package : com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro version ( code ) : 3.0.1035 ( 223 ) size : 669.9 kb ( 685930 bytes ) installed on sd : false installed : feb 13 , 2014 6:58:09 pm updated : feb 13 , 2014 6:58:31 pm flags : 572996 sourcedir : /data/app/com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro-2 . apk publicdir : /data/app/com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro-2 . apk requires : android . permission . access_network_state , android . permission . internet , android . permission . read_phone_state , android . permission . access_wifi_state , android . permission . write_external_storage , android . permission . read_external_storage , com . android . launcher . permission . install_shortcut
it is not that easy to remove those apps . i would suggest installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod ( that is what i did myself ) . you might have some problems with apps that do not work under that custom rom and there is no way back . . . i assume that you want to use google play store therefore the " google apps " come by default included in this proprietary package . i have found a script for doing what you want to do , it did not work for myself and i ended up using a custom rom try http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2307355 it is a script which you can modify , you need a rooted device and cwm or twrp
beginning with android 4.0 ice cream sandwich , you can simply disable google maps in the system settings . this will not help you if you are still stuck on froyo , but others may get some benefit from it .
root your phone then use the autostarts app from google play to disable all the events that trigger maps . it will run fine when manually started but will stay gone when you kill it . disable anything else you do not need in the after startup event folder to further reduce memory consumption .
from your mentioning of titanium backup i assume your device is rooted . so my absolute recommendation here is autorun manager ( and yes , you will need the pro -- second yes , it is worth it ) . having that installed , open the app , use the " advanced mode " , look for the app you want to modify ( in your case : google maps ) . expand it . arm will show you all its listeners -- disable them . that is it . nothing is waking it up anymore unless you explicitly start it . but : before you start it , you may need to enable those listeners again , or you may experience strange side effects ( i did ) . on the other side , at least this does not require a reboot . for technical details , you might want to crosscheck with the question how can i manage intent associations with apps , or directly dive into the intents section of the aosp developer manuals .
if your phone has the option Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Development &gt; Stop app via long-press , you can always close the google maps this way , then this process get killed as well until you open the app again .
i suggest using the freeze feature of titanium backup homepage market link . i believe you have to register the app ( $6.58 ) in order to use the feature , but i assure you , it is worth the price if you like to hack your phone . the other main reason to pay for the app ( other than to support the developer for writing a fine piece of free software ) is to be able to do batch installs ( i.e. . restoring from backup ) of apps and data which you have backed up . otherwise you have to get through the standard app install dialogs . from the website about freeze : app freezer can disable an app ( and make it invisible ) without un-installing it or you can actually do an uninstall and reinstall . you might find there are reasons to do that over freezing , i do not know .
have you thought about un-installing and re-installing maps as a possible solution ? first , get rid of the pre-loaded maps by deleting the /system/app/Maps.apk file : su rm /system/app/Maps.apk  once a system app is updated , it is useless in the /system/app folder and can be safely deleted . then copy the current maps version to your sd card : cp /data/app/com.google.android.apps.maps*.apk /sdcard/  now uninstall the maps app : pm uninstall -k com.google.android.apps.maps  the "-k " switch keeps the settings for when you re-install the app . now to get maps back simply re-install it from backup : pm install -r /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.maps*.apk  you can automate these steps via gscript , which allows you to create shortcuts to scripts . so just create one script named " disable maps " with the command from step #3 , and another one named " enable maps " with command from step #4 ( check " needs su ? " for both ) . now you can add 2 gscript shortcuts to your home screen from the scripts you created by using android 's normal " add shortcut " method ( gscript will be one of the options there . ) the only drawback of this method is that you will most likely lose the maps shortcut ( and/or widget ) from your home screen when you uninstall it , requiring you to re-add it after re-installation . you of course will still be able to launch maps from the app drawer .
first , i suggest you stop using your task killers . they are draining your battery more than saving it . the system is restarting the services when they need to run which is causing battery usage . second , you are under the assumption that freeing up memory is a good thing . it is not . freeing up memory is not going to decrease battery usage . what you really need to look for is the apps that use a lot of cpu cycles . this is what will drain your battery . android is based on linux . linux always wants to use all the memory available because free memory is wasted memory . the android system will take care of releasing memory of applications that are not in use so other applications can use it when needed . even if you try and kill applications that are running and taking up memory , the system will either restart these services/apps , which will cause battery drain because they probably have some syncing that happens when starting up , or just the cpu cycles that are used to initialize the application . killing the applications will also cause the device to appear slow when trying to start applications because something that normally might be running now needs to be started back up before presenting you with the applications user interface . some things that will cause battery drain like gps , wifi , bluetooth , and data usage are going to use your cpu a lot more to process the data that is being transmitted and received . turning these off when not in use will save on a lot of battery drain . i have a bad battery in my device , it wont even charge past 94% , but i can get 12 or more hours out of my battery if i turn off these services when i do not need them . i use google maps all the time , and in my battery stats its not even listed as an app using resources . my highest battery user is the screen @ 31% , and the lowest shown is gmail @ 3% . i can assure you , google maps is not the cause of your battery drain . using task killers is more likely the cause . as i said i use google maps for directions almost daily , and it is not even in the top 10 list of apps that are using my battery . more information on task killers from the google android developers blog . a common misunderstanding about android multitasking is the difference between a process and an application . in android these are not tightly coupled entities : applications may seem present to the user without an actual process currently running the app ; multiple applications may share processes , or one application may make use of multiple processes depending on its needs ; the process ( es ) of an application may be kept around by android even when that application is not actively doing something . the fact that you can see an application 's process " running " does not mean the application is running or doing anything . it may simply be there because android needed it at some point , and has decided that it would be best to keep it around in case it needs it again . likewise , you may leave an application for a little bit and return to it from where you left off , and during that time android may have needed to get rid of the process for other things . a key to how android handles applications in this way is that processes do not shut down cleanly . when the user leaves an application , its process is kept around in the background , allowing it to continue working ( for example downloading web pages ) if needed , and come immediately to the foreground if the user returns to it . if a device never runs out of memory , then android will keep all of these processes around , truly leaving all applications " running " all of the time . of course , there is a limited amount of memory , and to accommodate this android must decide when to get rid of processes that are not needed . this leads to android 's process lifecycle , the rules it uses to decide how important each process is and thus the next one that should be dropped . these rules are based on both how important a process is for the user 's current experience , as well as how long it has been since the process was last needed by the user . once android determines that it needs to remove a process , it does this brutally , simply force-killing it . the kernel can then immediately reclaim all resources needed by the process , without relying on that application being well written and responsive to a polite request to exit . allowing the kernel to immediately reclaim application resources makes it a lot easier to avoid serious out of memory situations . if a user later returns to an application that is been killed , android needs a way to re-launch it in the same state as it was last seen , to preserve the " all applications are running all of the time " experience . this is done by keeping track of the parts of the application the user is aware of ( the activities ) , and re-starting them with information about the last state they were seen in . this last state is generated each time the user leaves that part of the application , not when it is killed , so that the kernel can later freely kill it without depending on the application to respond correctly at that point . in some ways , android 's process management can be seen as a form of swap space : application processes represent a certain amount of in-use memory ; when memory is low , some processes can be killed ( swapped out ) ; when those processes are needed again , they can be re-started from their last saved state ( swapped in ) . here is another article talking about how task killers will drain your battery . do not use automatic task killing software to make a long story short , using auto-task killers can cause : excessive battery drain ( as if the phone doesn’t drain a battery quick enough already ) , the phone to overheat often and programs shutting down ( crashing ) randomly – programs you actually want to use . stay away from these ! one thing that you could do if you are really set on " stopping maps " until you want to use it is use the freeze option in titanium backup . this will essentially remove the application from the device and none of the services associated with it will ever start until you un-freeze it .
you did mention apps2sd , that is where the slowdown is happening , more than likely , the filesystem on the sdcard is getting a bit fragmented ( unless its non-fat32 file-system from the old windows 95 era ) . it might be better for you to use the android 's native filesystem ( ext3fs ) to accomplish this . you should not have to be restarting the handset in order to resolve it . question for you - what class is the sdcard you are referring to . perhaps upgrading to class 6 or better might help . ( if you are bombarded by the terminology ' class ' , its down to the speed of how fast the sdcard can be read in , generally , the higher it is , the faster it is , but then again that is depending on the sdcard slot if its capable of supporting it . ) you would be quite surprised as well , that maybe reformatting the sdcard can do the trick as well but if you happen to have apps on it . . that is definitely ruled out .
normaly it should not restarted . if you uninstall an app , it only deletes the apk from the folder /data/app and the app data from the folder /data/data . nothing special or magic .
"0-click " batch restore ( as the market page describes it ) is one of the features of the pro version . you cannot do it in the free version , but purchasing a key for the pro version allows you to perform a batch restore unattended .
on what os ? for linux try lsusb to see if something is listed that could match your phone . is the debug icon showing in the notification bar on the phone ?
make sure " usb debugging " option checked and your driver has been installed properly . you can try following step command : 1 . adb kill-server 2 . adb start-server 3 . adb devices hope this help .
as your device is rooted , button remapper might provide a solution . it allows you to re-assing actions triggered by buttons , so you should be able to re-map the home key accordingly .
you can repartition the internal memory . in essence it can be done , but what many others have answered is basically correct . not only is it quite difficult and risky to perform it , it also requires specialized skills which the average user may not have . there is one solution to the problem though . the easiest way to do this is to look for a custom rom for your phone . many custom rom providers recognize the issue already and have a fix for it in some way or the other . your phone model can provide more information if you like .
if i understood your question correctly , the answer is : you can not . the internal memory is built into the phone and can not be altered , hence why many phones come with sd card expansion option . those that do not will either have high internal memory from the get-go , or are simply not meant to function beyond basic phone functions ( such as call and sms ) . if it is simply a question of optimizing the use of your internal memory , i answered a thread that was roughly about that here : gmail won&#39 ; t sync , apps don&#39 ; t update : &quot ; device doesn&#39 ; t have enough storage space&quot ;
i finally found out where . after trying various " gapps " packages , none of which worked and some of which destroyed the system , i finally found this page : http://www.cesgeekbook.com/2011/12/install-android-market-pandigital.html that provided some " gapp " apk 's and listed in what order they needed to be flashed . no rooting needed , and was a very simple process . also gave me full google android market access . hope that helps somebody as much as it helped me .
it sounds like your table has not been provisioned with " core " google apps . installing them separately from 3rd-party websites will not resolve this issue , since you will need other " system " apks as well . without an exact make and model of your tablet it is impossible to recommend anything . knowing those , you might be able to find a " gapps " package built for it . you will need a custom recovery image , and very likely a custom rom installed first before you can attempt to flash gapps . i would start with android development sites like xda-developers and rootzwiki , and then searching on google may bring more results .
if you need to install gmail , you can snag the apk by pointing your android 's browser to droidload and downloading it from there . you should be able to either launch it directly or save it to your sd card and then launch it via navigating to it in a file browser and clicking on it . there are more detailed instructions on droidload if you problems . you should probably also install gtalk , as if i am remembering correctly quite a few other apps rely on it is transport layer for various things .
as far as i know , this is simply a bug in the htc email application . you can try using a different client ( k9 supports signed messages , i believe ) , but beyond that you will have to take it up with htc and hope that they decide to fix it at some point . here 's a related xda thread where someone includes what he says is a response from htc regarding the issue . there is also a thread on the android central forums where someone reports the same bug ( and no solution ) . those threads are a little on the old side , but i do not believe htc has fixed this yet .
there are email replacement apps , but unfortunately the few that act similar to htc mail will cost money . touchdown by nitrodesk : touchdown is my preferred email replacement as i use the exchange functionality , and imap protocol . it can tie into most major email services , and also offers some premium features for business users . enhanced email : a more powerful revamp of the stock email app that is starting to become popular . it offers some premium features and the developer is very responsive if you have run into issues . moxier mail ( free trial ) : offers support for all major protocols , its user interface is probably the closest to the htc mailapp . maildroid ( free ) : never used maildroid , but it is yet another email replacement . the upside is there is a free ad supported version . hope those help !
just use google usb driver in sdk/extra/google/usb_driver/android_winusb . inf you must add three lines in the file then update the mk808b driver select from disk , use this file sdk/extra/google/usb_driver/android_winusb . inf then select first option is work fine for me .
in ubuntu i was able to connect mk808b ! ! ! by adding udev rule like offered here and adding device id to adb_usb.ini if there would be no windows 7 solutions then i will mark my answer as responded
to answer your question , see this previous question for options on changing the country that the market think your phone is in : how can i circumvent regional restrictions in the android market ? for the second part of your question about which country to change to , from the app 's description : currently for u.s. and canada based phones only . but from this description : the application dials to our service , which dials to the other party , showing your phone number as the caller id . the service then records the call at the telephony level , and sends a very high-quality recording straight to your email box . i think that even if you get it to install , it will only work properly if you are currently in the us or canada , as it seems to work by redirecting your call through a landline call forwarding service , which either will not work in other countries , or will be using a hideously expensive international rate call for that purpose .
i had the same problem and asked google to help me . this is their answer : we use the billing address of your default payment instrument in google wallet to help determine your home country for accessing the play store . our collection of content can vary by country , so your view of the play store may differ from what others are seeing when you travel outside of the country listed on your default payment method 's billing address . please note that you must have a valid payment method with a billing address located inside a country in order to access that country 's play store . if you are having issues viewing your intended country 's play store and would like to change your default payment method or update an existing billing address in google wallet , please use the following steps : 1 ) sign into your google wallet account to manage your payment methods ( https://wallet.google.com/manage/paymentmethods ) 2 ) add a new card or change your default payment instrument to one with a billing address located inside your desired country 3 ) open the play store and navigate to any item available for download 4 ) click to begin a download until you reach the " accept and buy " screen ( no need to complete the purchase ) 5 ) close the play store and clear data for the google play store application ( settings > apps > google play store > clear data ) or clear your browser cache 6 ) re-open the play store . you should now see the play store that matches your default payment instrument 's billing country . if you have not yet added a payment method to your account for the first time , please add a card directly from the play store with a billing address that matches your intended country location . then , follow steps 3 through 6 to show your intended country 's play store .
i had the same problem and got over it by doing following go to samsung website , login and then delete the account . did this from my pc . go to android settings , accounts and then delete the account associated with samsung app go back to samsung app store on android device , create new account .
connect to kies in this mode as shown in your photograph . follow instructions for emergency firmware recovery . it worked for me .
the below assumes you have the gt-i9000 ( international galaxy s ) . go to this xda thread and download the newest 2.2 firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
i got the same problem , and i finaly found the solution : you just have to flash another modem !
dial *#9900# , and delete all your log and dump files .
i googled the file name and found this post on xda : i am still having the storage is running out error from 3.8 . i found out it was caused by the signal lost issue because inside the log folder located in data folder , it will generate many dumpstate ril reset by . . . . . . . . xxx . . once my signal is lost . so , i am wondering what is the best worldwide modem for 3.8 or lates nightly that will not cause signal lost thus my phone will not generate the dumpstate ril reset error and indirectly generating many dumpstate ril reset . i am using dxlpa modem . looks like your phone might be affected by a bug in cm . i would switch rom and see if it goes away , if not , you could try an app like getril to find out what radio interface layer you are using , and if there is another you can use that might help you not lose connection over and over .
i think it is by places , the application . just try closing the application and then trying .
the vibration you are referring to it is called " haptic feedback " , and can be disabled for certain ui interactions . this may or may not work for you : touch " home" ; touch " menu" ; touch " settings" ; touch " sound" ; scroll your way to " haptic feedback" ; disable it by touching to remove the green tick . try and see if it provides the desired effect . take not that this option does not affect all ui interactions , as mentioned under that option .
summed up from the comments : this was a known issue with google play , which meanwhile is resolved ( read more on this google support page , opening the " fixed/resolved " item , and there you see [#8849329] Falsely received error: "You already own this item" , together with more details ) .
use a keyboard which does not ask permissions for full network access . in this case you do not have to be worried about someone stealing your passwords . you can see the full list of permissions in app list .
of course a keyboard app can capture your passwords as you type them , along with everything else you type : naughty text messages , credit card numbers , web searches , everything . you could not have a mechanism to stop it , because in a sense , that is what it is for . it can only send this or any other information across the internet if it has the appropriate permission , " full network access . " almost all apps use this permission , though , and a keyboard might want it in order to download new language files , or to show ads if it uses that revenue model . swiftkey , for example , has a " cloud sync " service to let all your devices share the same training data . this can only work by transmitting words you have typed , and statistical data about text you type , across the internet to their servers . android warns you that this is the case every time you enable a third-party keyboard in the language and input settings . nexus devices show a dialog with the message : this input method may be able to collect all the text that you type , including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers . it comes from the app highway . use this input method ? but as i mention in another question , manufacturers can replace the message ( perhaps with one that is not entirely true ) or disable it completely .
theoretically yes : it is the nature of a keyboard to know all your key-presses . so if the app has the internet permission , it could also send this to " some place " . for closed-source apps , it is difficult to check whether they do so or not ( the only way doing that would be monitoring their network activity over a long time , best done on the router ) . with open-source apps , that is easier , as the code is freely available , and thus could be investigated directly . a few years ago i would have said : if it is a reputable developer , you are on the safe side . with todays spying reports , it is hard to say . . . so if you want to be absolutely sure , there is no other way then using an open-source keyboard , grab the code , and compile it for yourself ( ← paranoid mode ; )
very elegant solution - root the phone , download nobloat app . disable all unnecesary processes - google for the ones u can disable . my phone is 500% more responsive after this . i am using original samsung 4.3 rom .
first a few things on the symptoms : on unix/linux/android , " free ram " is considered a " wasted resource " . if ram is not occupied by running processes themselves , the system uses it to buffer and cache other things , like the file system . this should speed things up , as usually ram allows faster access . for more details , please check out ram tag-wiki . " task killers " are discussed controversely . while most ( if not all ) people agree they are fine to stop " rogue processes " , it is certainly not their job to " free up ram " or even " save battery " . in these terms , they are rather contra-productive , as most killed processes simply restart themselves ( which costs more battery than if they had kept running , and fills up the " freed ram " again as well ) . for details on this , closer information can be found in the answers on e.g. do i really need to install a task manager ? , do task killers actually work ? and is it advisable to run a task killer app on android . and finally , to the issue itself ( experiencing lags ) . as you describe it as a problem " growing with the time " ( i.e. . it was not there in the beginning , but slowly became more and more visible ) , you will probably find some help in the answers to my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ?
the lag you are seeing is unrelated to ram usage . my " international " s3 runs the stock rom and is not rooted . right now it has 277 mb free and it never lags at all . as izzy explains , free ram is not a predictor of performance on android . android tries its best not to remove processes from ram when they stop running , because if the same process needs to run again , it would cost energy and cause lag to load it into ram again next time . the only time you get lag as a result of ram use is after you have used one particular ram-hungry app . when one app hogs all the ram , all these " cached " processes get evicted from ram to free it up . then , when you switch to a different app ( even the launcher or settings ) , android has to stop the memory-hungry process and load the new one into ram from storage . oddly enough , this is the behaviour you get for every app , if you use a task killer to keep stopping background or cached processes , or if you force-close every app ( or swipe them out of the recent apps list ) .
unfortunately android does not offer this functionality out of the box . there are several 3rd-party apps on the market that can help though . i personally use app protector pro on my son 's tablet . this app allows you to set a pin and then set up a " block list " of any installed apps , including system ones . among other apps , i added settings and package installer to this list . this presents the " password " prompt upon installation ( or un-installation ) of any apps , including from alternative markets ( amazon appstore , getjar , etc . ) and even side-loading apks . app protector pro itself is also by default set to be on the " protected " list . of course if your device is in the hands of a person that is somewhat knowledgeable of android os , they can do a bunch of things to circumvent this sort of protection , such as a factory reset from recovery console , for example .
add your wifi network profile to the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . the exact location of wpa_supplicant.conf might be different on your phone - you can find it by looking at the wpa_supplicant service configuration in /init*rc files : grep wpa_supplicant /init*rc  then enable the wifi service with settings set global wifi_on 1  and reboot the phone . if you have done everything right - the phone would connect to your wifi network on the next power up .
i can help you in one way . as u asked , there is a way to connect your tablet with router with out entering password . now-a-days in almost all wifi routers , there in an option called wps ( wi-fi protected set up ) . it can be seen in the routers usually with a lock sign . so , u can select the router from the list populated and while prompting for the password u can press the wps key in the router . this will enable uto automatically set up the wi-fi without even entering the passwords . hope this will help u .
maybe you can remove manually using adb shell . adb remount adb shell adb su cd system cd app rm yourapkname.apk -> change to the apk you want to remove reboot
if it does not have to be bluetooth , but wifi would make you happy as well : for quite a while now , android offers a nice feature called hotspot . the one with the unlimited mobile data starts that on his device , and everybody with wifi capabilities can use it like any other wifi hotspot ­– if they are told the connection data ( wifi password and hotspot name ) .
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
do you really want to do that ? that might lead to you no more being able to see your images in the gallery . but if you want to try : open a file manager of your choice and navigate to the DCIM folder delete the .thumbnails directory create a file named .thumbnails open the file 's properties , and set it " read only " now , as there cannot be two objects with the identical name , the gallery cannot re-create the folder . as the existing object is a file , it cannot put its thumbnails in there , either .
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
any program that needs adobe air will have a check in it is code when it first runs to see if adobe air is installed . therefore if you uninstall adobe air then open an app that needs it , it will notify you to download it . so uninstalling adobe air is fine .
i could not connect my s3 to kies and tried everything other users posted ( usb debugging , scanning pc for viruses , etc . . . ) and i stumbled upon the fix that solved my issue and i have now connected with kies and have full functionality with kies and no issues with my s3 . the fix : on the s3 device : pull down from top of home screen ( swipe from top of screen downward ) to the screen that shows ( across the top ) wi-fi , bluetooth , etc . . . check to see how the device is connected " connected as a media device " should be shown . mine said " connected as a camera " and i changed that to " connected as a media device " and instantly connected to kies . hope this helps !
i realised that the problem lies with a mtp device driver which was not properly installed . all i had to do was delete all the drivers , including samsung kies , and reinstall everything again . one of the other thing i did before the issue appeared , was installing sgs3 easy ums . because i switched my phone from mtp to ums mode , that prevented my laptop from detecting the phone . switching it back to mtp , and reinstalling the above applications did help . however , i would continue to encounter connectivity issues every now and then . for instance , after i plugged my phone into my laptop via usb , and switch to syncing using kies air , i would encounter an error message that says my usb is plugged in . this could be easily resolved by restarting my phone . i can only conclude that samsung kies developer probably did not do a good job handling socket connections , resulting in the error above .
i had the same problem after rooting my s3 . the solution is easy : just unroot your phone and like magic your old driver will work correctly .
if you can turn the phone on , set jorte to sync with a google calendar . then you can get it on any android device you want . if the phone is dead and you can not charge it you may try charging the battery with an external charger then following the step above .
as you have said yourself , you could install/uninstall through adb . my advice would be to install a alternate home screen app through adb and restart the device . ( installing an alternate home app would clear the previous home app 's defaults ) . when the home application is about to be started , it would show you the option to choose one of the home apps from the list . simply select the alternate one . you would need an home app 's apk for this , which you will have to download on your pc . just get any alternate home app apk , install it , boot into your device . launch google play and install another home app and uninstall the one which you installed through adb . you could uninstall the stock home app ( i am assuming , your are on stock ) easily , since you are rooted via root explorer or any similar app . if you do not want to install an app downloaded through internet , simply create an launcher app yourselves . here is the android 's sample home app . android developers - home sample or get source code for launchers like adw launcher here- adw-launcher-android google code in all this , i am assuming you have usb debugging enabled on your device .
i have read at xda that you could boot your atrix in safe mode and only load essential system files . from there you can delete the defective home app or replace it with an other home app . to do this , power off your atrix , and press the power button to turn it on . once the boot animation starts , immediately press and hold the vol up + vol down buttons until you get a long vibe , then release . you will then see ' safe mode ' at the lower left of the screen when the lockscreen comes up . ( from xda-developers ) here is the xda thread about atrix in safe mode
i had the same issue with screen not coming to live after proximity sensor has turned it off once . i tried to boot in safe-mode and the phone is working perfectly and there is no such issue in safemode . i know this is not permanent solution ( there must be some limitations of safemode , though i have no idea about them ) , but it atleast points us that this is not hardware problem and some application is messing up with the proximity sensor .
this happened to me and i had to boot into the recovery menu and clear the system install cache .
if you have uninstalled any of the stock apps , including any of the bloatware , the ota update will not work as it also updates those apps . i know of quite a few people that have been bitten by this . if you do not want certain stock apps running , you are better off freezing them with titanium backup than removing them .
are you running the stock rom , only rooted ? if so , you have a few options . ruu to the latest ota and reroot . available here . ( requires unrevoked 3.22 ) install a pre-rooted rom . available here . if you are running a different rom , you should be able to do a build . prop edit to keep from seeing ota notifications ( and burning your battery , redownloading the ota constantly , etc . ) . this post describes what needs modified . finally , you can flash a rom based on the latest ota .
press and hold the ' o ' key . at first you will get a pop-up showing the left parenthesis . hold it longer and you will get another popup showing accents for the character .
how old is your sd card ? does it work under stock ? if it does not work under either , i wonder if the sd card is going bad ? how long have you had it and do you do a lot of writing to it ? if so , then the card might be going bad as sd cards have a limited lifespan . the more you write to it , the shorted the lifespan . do you have another sd card you could try ? i would also do a chkdsk on it to see if any bad sectors are found . if so , time to ditch it and get a new card .
you can enable your caller id from Settings -> Call settings -> All calls -> Show my number -> Show . as for the sms reply problem , please check the settings in your messaging app , make sure that the SMSC ( short message service center ) number is correct foryour network and SMS Reply Path is off . otherwise , just double-check the number and try with and without the international format .
not to say a root terminal , most of such methods are utilising adb ( android debugging bridge ) to push root-related files and binaries into your phone to get it " rooted " . sometimes , there are also methods where you are required to boot into recovery to " flash " zip packages that contains those files , but this method is mostly device specific .
this has never been a feature of the stock launcher . perhaps you were using a phone on jellybean where the manufacturer had replaced the stock launcher with their own launcher , which had this feature . since android supports third-party launchers , just install a launcher ( home screen ) app which supports this feature . there are many to choose from .
one way to do this : run an ssh client on your phone , such as connectbot forward a local port to the remote irc server , say localhost port 1234 to irc.server.ip:6666 . ( directions for connectbot , with screenshots ) connect your irc client to localhost:1234 , instead of irc.server.ip:6666 . if this does not work , check that you have permissions . when your connection 's not working , you will have to do some extra debugging to check that the ssh tunnel is still up . but otherwise , you should be able to use any irc client .
i had similar problems and used llama , then expanded my use of it to cover other events . it is similar to tasker , and sufficient to my needs , while still a free app . most automation can be triggered by entering/leaving cell tower range that is recognized as " home " . it has options to turn on airplane mode automatically when the phone leaves a cell reception range , and take it out of airplane mode when it re-enters . btw - i am just an enthusiastic user - not the developer .
this can ( and certainly will ) happen when installing apps on sdcard . normally , the system should prevent this ( or rather the dev , by defining the " install-location " accordingly in the app 's Manifest ) . so if the apps were installed on sdcard , go to settings→apps , scroll to the apps ' entries , open them ( one by one ) , and move the app to internal storage . if the widgets do not appear right away after that , they should do so at least after a reboot .
izzy is right , by default you are not able to load widgets from external memory . if you had like to do that you will have to use an app like link2sd or something to trick the kernel into thinking it is the internal memory . link2sd link2sd +
if your bootloader is not unlocked already , you will need to unlock the bootloader in order to flash the clockworkmod recovery . unlocking the bootloader wipes the device . so as far as i know , that will not be an option for you . perhaps you have seen this toolkit to root the nexus . it looks promising , but i would bet it will not work without usb debugging / adb enabled . it may be worth a shot anyway . if it does not work , you will still be in the same boat . alternatively , you could just keep trying lock screen patterns . hopefully muscle memory will kick in . edit : to use the toolkit , you need to know your build number . see this thread for some info that might helph you figure out what your 's is . if you can not narrow it down enough , you might be able to use the Android *.*.* Any Build option for your carrier . since you mentioned jelly bean , we can assume the build will be 4.1.* this does not give you the exact one you need , but it will help some . based on the faqs for the toolkit , it looks like you should be able to use the Android *.*.* Any Build , but you must select the right version for your carrier . if you want more info on this , post your carrier and region ( us , korea , etc . ) and we can probably narrow things down a little more .
since the fbi cannot bypass the screen lock , i guess you will not . check out http://wired.com/threatlevel/2012/03/fbi-android-phone-lock
you can reset it very easily with just few steps . i have tested it myself . 1: enter wrong pattern 5 times and wait for 30 seconds . 2: select “next” and enter your g-mail account username and password or you can answer your security question as well . now just login in your g-mail account and when you authenticated to your g-mail account then the screen will unlock . make sure you use the same account that was used to activate the phone and double check the password by logging in to that google account in a browser .
normally after five unsuccessful attempts you will be prompted with forget password option . your google email and its password will be asked and upon successful verification you will be able to unlock . this will work even without internet connection . at least this certainly works in ginger bread loaded lg p500
as far as i know , network connection type does not need to be forced . application need just a " data " . not " data from 3g " or " data from wi-fi " , etc . also , as you said , mostly wi-fi is a better choice . not using your wi-fi can be the answer . ps . google voice recognition does have a " offline speech recognition " feature . go to settings , find it and download your language file . this could help .
just disable wifi on your android device . that way you can connect to data over 3g/4g preferentially . easy as cake .
invoke google now again to be in the same place as is on your snapshot . just press back button to hide keyboard and press three dots button bottom right and select settings . you will get the summary where you can realize that you have google now switched off . just select this item and continue with the wizard to switch google now on .
a factory reset does not touch the system partition , so built in apps such as the built in download manager will not get touched . perhaps you used a different web browser before the factory reset you performed , and that had better download management than the one you are currently using . if you download es file explorer from the play store , you can use the module in that app called es downloader . this is a good way to check downloads in progress in a nice dialogue box
probably you have both google accounts ( yours and your father 's ) synched with your phone or you are running telegram with the same phone numbers .
did you try this app ? supports ethernet , usb or serial ( with serial-usb adapter ) . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=qsrtech.posprintdriver also , try this app from opera mobile store . if this app does not work with your printer , send printer profile to the app server . they might add support . http://apps.opera.com/en_in/usb_printer_driver_21_developer_edition.html
turn off your facebook auto updates and auto sync and delete from the phone . be careful though . make sure your phone has been synced because all your contact info will be deleted . recync the phone and reload contact info . this appears to have fixedthe problem on my phone . also do not use htc sync to load music as it will fill all available space on the phone . copy music separately to the micro sd card .
your phone ( as most other android phones ) have two kinds of persistent storage -- internal and external . the internal storage is fixed into hardware , and is not intended to be user-serviceable . your sd card is the external storage , and is very much replaceable -- it is very accessible and can be swapped for another one , including greater capacity ones ( see this question for some additional information ) . however , replacing the sd card will not help in your case -- your phone complains that its internal storage space is low . this is a problem that has plagued htc desire , which is otherwise a great device . some things you can do : move applications to the sd card remove unneeded applications ( from your words , not quite possible ) clear up some messages , drafts , application caches , and in some cases application data downgrade some of the preinstalled applications that you do not use . see this question for more details
if you do not have a problem with voiding your warranty and getting your hands a little dirty , i can recommend the use of a custom rom with support for app2sd ( + ) , d2ext ( + ) or d2w . i am also a desire owner , so i really know what you are talking about , this has annoyed me for weeks , until i finally decided to see what all the fuzz with rooting and custom roms was about . so i rooted my desire and flashed this rom in the data2whatever-version ( d2w ) , which makes use of a partitioned sd card with an extra partition that , according to my understanding , works as an extension for the internal storage . so , after all of that , my internal storage capacity has increased to around 240mb instead of ~140mb ( yet the effect depends on the size of your sd card ( mine is 4gb ) and the size of the dedicated sd-ext-partition . ) it may seem tricky ( but it is not really ) , voids your warranty ( which you might need some time ) , and things like d2w over at xda-developers is , well , in development , so there might be the occasional bug , but it is been working fine for me for a few weeks now , and as i said , it is really paying off . so… if you want to read and test and learn a little , then xda-developers your way to go .
you might have a look at silence . it primarily turns off audio alerts/ringtones on schedule but can also manipulate wifi and mobile data and is pretty granular . it also recently added the ability to use events on google calendar . i use it to turn off the ringer ( i like to sit in the quiet car ) and wifi ( there is none to connect to ) during my commute on the train , and also to set the phone to vibrate during a meeting .
using tasker you can accomplish this and more fairly easily once you know how to use it . to solve the whole phone ringing while you are in a meeting you have a few options with how to do it in tasker . you can choose to silence your phone while in meetings , set it to vibrate , block all phone calls ( probably not the best choice ) or send them all to voicemail . i will go through how to create a profile for the latter . first , create a new profile : next select state , then app , and then calendar entry for the calendar entry settings you need to make sure to select no for availability and then you can click the magnifying glass next to calendar to select which calendar it should be referencing . then click the check mark . now to create a task to do during that meeting . select new task and then click the plus ( + ) sign in the lower left corner . for the action select phone and then select end call and then the check mark once you have done that you can click the check mark to close and save the task . go to the profiles tab at the top , then click on your profile you created and long press on the context below it ( the calendar setting on the left ) . this should bring up a context menu . select add and then event . from events select phone and then phone ringing . now you have a profile to push phone calls to voicemail when you are in meetings .
please look at free busy silent mode . it does not direct the call to voicemail , but you have an option to set the phone to silent
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
i ended up doing a factory reset on my tablet ( after doing a backup of my data with " app backup" ) . as far as i know the downgrade would probably have worked , but i decided not to risk it .
press vol - plus power button at the same time .
there are many free app on the play store that can acquire a screenshot without pressing any physical button on your phone . please take a look there : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.icecoldapps.screenshoteasy . hope to help you !
i have battled this issue ever since they pushed android version 4.2.2 . on my galaxy tab model gt-p5113 the power + volume down would work only about once every 10-20 attempts . since the new build was pushed last week i checked it again . now the screen shot does not work at all . but i gave up long ago and came up with a solution . i use my samsung victory telephone to take a picture of the tablet and send that to the tablet to by whatever share method is handy .
i assume you are on touchwiz and are trying to take a screenshot by using vol - and power . on touchwiz it is home + power .
you have got to do 2 things : first , download the s-on tool from unrevoked 's site and run it according to the instructions . the main thing to keep on top of is the radio compatibility , particularly if you have flashed any of the evo 's radios to your incredible . once you are back to s-on , flash the latest ruu . right now , it is 4.08.605.2 . this will replace the rom and recovery with stock versions . be careful doing this , last i heard there is no way to permanently root the incredible and regain s-on after you have flashed a stock gingerbread rom . if you would like to re-root in the future , at least keep s-off .
to delete a notebook , you will need to log in to the webapp . your notebooks will appear on the left side of the screen . moving your cursor over ( or tapping , on your device ) the notebook you wish to delete will show a triangle to click for a drop-list from which you can delete the notebook . edit : according to this link , you can not do it from the android app yet . http://discussion.evernote.com/topic/29175-helpdelete-notebook-on-android/
no need to worry . as of google+ v4.1 , this is going away . 5 . messenger is going away , hangouts is sticking around now that hangouts provides messaging and video calls across android , ios and the web , we’re removing messenger from the google+ mobile apps ( first on android , then on ios ) . later today you will be able to download all of your messenger conversations ( including text and photos ) from google takeout . the new app is rolling out now and you should have it in the next few days .
there are apps that can backup your bookmarks , e.g. gmarks or titaniumbackup ( needs root ) . you could also sync the p500 bookmarks with google ( by default on ) and also set up sync for a regular desktop chrome browser ( very prominently accessible in the settings ) . you should be able to export your bookmarks then .
i am not sure if this will work , but you could give it a try : if you have your device rooted , do a mount -o remount , rw /system , a backup of your /system/etc/bluetooth directory and start hacking around in there . there are devices listed in there to which your phone will connect automatic without user interaction . good luck !
i have had a similar problem with a rockchip device . short adb shell commands worked , but ones with multi-line output just disconnected randomly , sometimes before producing any output . on plugging the device in , the kernel syslogged the following : out of desperation i moved the device from a usb3 socket on my linux box to a usb2 socket , as follows and adb shell then worked perfectly . you will notice the warning bulk endpoint 0x81 has invalid maxpacket 64 . this means the rockchip device is not compliant with the usb standards . my guess is that the linux ehci-pci driver is more forgiving than the xhci_hcd driver . interestingly enough , i saw exactly the same behaviour on a mac laptop , when i plugged in the rockchip device . there , the kernel syslogged : and adb shell broke in exactly the same way . tl ; dr : plugging into a usb2 port instead of a usb3 port might solve the issue . good luck !
the permissions are what allows an app to do something . if an app does not ask for a permission , then it can not do that thing . see security and permissions on the android developer site for more info . note that if you have a rooted phone , and allow the app superuser access then it can do pretty much whatever it wants . make sure you trust any app that you give this access to !
the permissions are entered by the developer , yes . but the android os only grants those specific permissions , and no others . therefore an app could try to do something it was not allowed to , but it would fail ( barring a security exploit ) . see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/security/security.html#permissions for more details .
if a developer " forget " to require a permission , they will be unable to use the feature , and they will ( usually ) get a force close ( you will be able to observe this in logcat ) or fails to do its work .
i am not sure if it is part of a truly vanilla ics build ( though i think it may be ) , but the early cm9 and vanilla ics builds i have played with all have a " developer options " entry in the main system settings . this contains several options which relate to overall graphics effects such as : window animation scale : can be set to " off " to disable window animations transition animation scale : can also be set to " off " force gpu rendering : apparently tries to force gpu rendering of 2d textures/effects . may improve performance according to some ( this generally caused my evo to overheat , though ) it also has an option named " background process limit " . setting a lower number should help improve performance overall , in theory .
it looks like all of the default ringtones and notification sound files are in /system/media/audio . if you can not get to them when mounting via usb , you should be able to use something like astro file manager to copy the files to your sd card and then get them that way . they just appear to be ogg files .
the galaxy siii has a better display than typical computer monitors . it has a wider color gamut , which basically means it can accurately display more colors . without color management of some kind , to convert between the color spaces of different output devices , you will get the washed out look on displays with a smaller gamut . it is a double-edged sword , as pictures optimized for smaller gamuts will look over-saturated on the siii . that is a common complaint among siii reviewers . there are apps for doing color management , but i have not personally tried any of them . another option is to do the conversion on a desktop application , like photoshop .
make sure that you are taking the photos at full resolution from the camera and also that compression after uploading is not enabled . to be absolutely sure upload few photos on dropbox and view them on pc . check it is resolution on your pc .
try going onto your wifi settings page . when your on the list of available connections there may be a button at the bottom of the screen titled " wifi direct " . . . that is how it is on my s3 anyway
actually there is not any option like that . its missing . there were lots of complaints about 4.0.4 update for live with walkman that Wifi Direct is missing . look at here . also look at this review of update . . : may be sony will fix it in next update .
you should be able to open a vcard file in any basic editor . i suggest using this app . some similar apps have helped me in the past and this one works fine on my phone . if you navigate using a file manager to open up the vcard either in a text editor or vcardio . it should display the contents .
check out this link that is what you want : htc
i have found it in the android api : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/view.html#setsystemuivisibility(int) a flag , system_ui_flag_low_profile , can be passed to indicate that certain ui elements be put into a low profile and offer less of a distraction to the user . if i had a nexus device ( really any device with soft buttons across the bottom ) then i would also notice those buttons being replaces by the same dim circle i am seeing in my navbar . this has been available since 4.0 and is intended for book readers , games , and other immersive applications .
this is the indicator for low priority notifications , for example from google now .
essentially those are what we call " home " replacements . you have the stock android home , or htc 's custom sense home ( or [ insert manufacturer 's custom home here ] ) that come with your device . but you can go on the market and download another one like launcherpro or helixlauncher or adw launcher . usually people use these for additional features the stock home does not have , such as more screens , more icons on the screens or app drawer , or advanced memory management , special widgets , etc . ( launcherpro ) .
to replace htc sense completely you will have to root your phone and replace the rom completely . please see this post for more information : stackexchange-url if on the other hand you are looking at replacing your homescreen/launcher then there are plenty of options . launcherpro adw . launcher helixlauncher plenty more . . . i personally have launcherpro and have upgraded to the plus version . the plus version has 90% of the widgets sense ui has but is in my opinion far quicker , more stable and has way more features . nb : i do not believe any of these launchers allow you to utilise the widgets from sense ui . edit : just to answer your comment . launcherpro is an app you can download and install from the android market . once installed clicking the home button will prompt you to select which launcher you had like to use ( either launcherpro or sense ui ) . all you would do from there is check the " default " checkbox and select launcherpro .
this is only any use to you if your pc has an hdmi input , which is very unusual . you will only have such a thing if you deliberately bought video capture hardware and attached it to your pc . if you have such hardware , you should use the video capture software that came with it . trying to use camtasia to capture it would be like trying to use camtasia to capture from a webcam . in addition , depending on what adaptor you use , your video capture hardware may also need to support mhl ( the wire protocol used to send video data over the micro-usb and hdmi connectors ) . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
just buy any android phone and you can easily have all of the features of an itouch and more . i am sure you could find one on ebay now for $100 or less . maybe an old g1 or something like that . you can use cell phones just fine without activating them , including android phones . but you will want an android that has wifi in it if you will not be activating it . that way you can still use the marketplace and such . update : i forgot that you could also look at devices supported by rockbox . you will not likely get anywhere near the functionality of android or ios , but might be enough for you depending on the device .
you do not mention which android phone you have got , depending on which phone ( and how much your manufacturer 's customised ) you have got , it may be slightly different from othermichael 's instructions . with stock android ( as on the nexus one , htc magic , g1 , etc ) , when you plug your phone into the pc 's usb you should see a usb icon appear in the notification area . pull the notification area down and you should see " USB connected: Select to copy files to/from your computer . " press this and you get the option to " Mount" . pressing this connects your phone 's sd to the pc . other manufacturers customize things slightly with their custom uis , for instance if you have a phone with samsung 's touchwiz ui on it , you get a menu up as soon as you plug into usb , with options to select usb mode , on the you had pick mass storage , and then do as above . i think htc 's sense ui also customizes things slightly , but i can not remember exactly how that works .
Settings &gt;&gt; Connect to PC &gt;&gt; USB Connection Type  should be set to " disk drive " ( you can set this as a default connection type , but i prefer to do it manually when i need it ) . also , you can set it via the notifcations bar by clicking on the usb connection type as it appears ; a selection box of the various options should appear . once mounted , you can open on your pc , and drag-n-drop , or what-have-you . note ( from the incredible manual , p29 ) : disk drive this mode is available only when you have installed a microsd card on your phone . select this mode when you want to use your storage card as a usb thumb drive , and copy files between your phone’s storage card and your computer . when disk drive mode is enabled while your phone is connected to the computer , you will not be able to run applications that use the storage card , such as music or photos . for more information , see “copying files to and from the storage card” in this chapter .
download android usb driver ( https://dl-ssl.google.com/android/repository/usb_driver_r03-windows.zip ) and uncompress it in a local folder ( i.e. . c:\android_sdk\usb_driver ) edit ( or create and then edit if it does not already exist ) file in "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini": echo 0x18d1 > "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini " edit android_winusb . inf to match evm/beagle vendor and product ids : under [ google . ntx86 ] section add : ; ti evm %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_9018 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_9018 and mi_01 note : be careful to add it under google . ntx86 and not under google . ntamd64 unless your machine is amd 64 bits . if you skip this step you will not be able to later install the driver as windows will reject it . boot the board as normal and wait until shell prompt is available ( micro-b usb cable must be disconnected ) . connect micro-b usb cable between board and windows pc . if it is proceeding as planned , windows will tell you it found a new hardware asks you to install the driver . install driver that was downloaded as described in step 3 above : answer " no , not this time " to the question about running windows update to search for software . choose " install the hardware that i manually select from a list ( advanced ) " this is the 2nd option , then click " next " select " show all devices " , then click " next " you are going to see a grayed-out text box with " ( retrieving a list of all devices ) " , click the " have disk . . . " button browse " to your driver folder ( c:\android_sdk\usb_driver ) . it will be looking of a . inf file so select " android_winusb . inf " and click " open " then " ok " . it is the only file there so you should not go wrong . select " android adb interface " then click the " next " button . a warning will appear , answer " yes " but read the warning anyway . click the " close " when the wizard is completed . disconnect and reconnect micro-b usb cable from board ( probably reboot it as well ) . open command prompt and restart adb server just to make sure it is in a proper state : adb kill-server adb start-server list the attached devices with " adb devices " . it should show your board/device with a random number . type " adb shell " . you should see the "#" indicating it works . establish network connection assign an ip address to the usb ethernet adapter . the usb network gadget g_ether is named usb0 ( instead of eth0 or other network interface names ) . the normal set of ethernet configuration tools should work , such as ifconfig , netstat , and route . for example , the following commands will assign the network address 192.168.194.2 to the target . run this on the target : $ ifconfig usb0 192.168.194.2 netmask 255.255.255.224 up  on host machine , run the following commands to establish the connection to the target : $ sudo ifconfig usb0 192.168.194.1 netmask 255.255.255.224 up $ sudo route add 192.168.194.2 dev usb0  the target and the host machine should be connected , run ping command to test the same : establish adb connection on the host machine execute following commands to establish adb connection $ export ADBHOST=&lt;target's ip address&gt; $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb connect &lt;target_ip_address&gt;:5555  verify the connection by executing $ adb devices  if connected , device name should be listed as a " emulator " $ adb devices List of devices attached emulator-5554 device $ adb shell  adb over ethernet make sure ethernet port on board and host machine are connected to the network check ethernet configuration for the board if ethernet was not configured , configure ethernet of the board using ifconfig/netcfg as shown below . target #&gt; netcfg eth0 dhcp  configure the adb daemon to use an ethernet connection using setprop as shown below . target #&gt; setprop service.adb.tcp.port 5555  if network is configured successfully ( above steps ) then restart service adbd on the target , target #&gt; stop adbd target #&gt; start adbd  on the host machine use following commands to establish adb connection $&gt; export ADBHOST=&lt;target's ip address&gt; $&gt; adb kill-server $&gt; adb start-server $&gt; adb connect &lt;target_ip_address&gt;:5555  verify for device connectivity , by executing the following commands
usually this should be an easy task – provided you have got a custom recovery on your device . turned out , it was not as easy in this special case , so i will list multiple options here . in combination , they finally lead to success – as one can see in the comments on the question itself . variant 1: custom recovery that is a one-liner : put the gapps archive on your sdcard , boot into recovery , chose " install update . zip from sdcard " , and select the gapps archive . done . after the next boot , google apps should be there . trouble in this case : no custom recovery . ok , next one . variant 2: use adb to side-load it this variant was even figured by the op himself . requires adb to be installed on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and your device setup ( device drivers etc . ) as well as connected via usb . for a detailed how-to , please see how to : use " adb sideload " on your android device . here , in short : place the gapps zip file in the directory where your adb executable is make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings → development on your device boot your device in recovery mode , and connect it to your pc on your device , use the volume up / down keys to select " apply update from adb , " then press power to select it on your computer , open a command prompt window and navigate to the directory from 1 . , then execute adb sideload &lt;zipfile&gt; ( replacing &lt;zipfile&gt; with the name of your gapps file ) when the installation is finished , select to " reboot " the device . done . once the device finished booting , your google apps should be there . or not , as in our case . services got installed , apps were missing . ok , let 's trick the remains . variant #3: doint it manually preparation install es file explorer on your device . this will help us a lot . unpack the gapps archive into an empty directory on your sdcard . might be an optional step , as es file explorer can deal with zips directly , but might make things easier do it launch es file explorer on your device . tap the menu button , tap " root-explorer " ( the text , not the switch next to it – though you must make sure that is switched to " on " as well ) . a popup should open , where you should find a " r/w " icon ( second to last entry ) . tap that . this should remount your /system partition , so you can write to it . now use es file explorer to navigate to your ( unpacked ) gapps archive . copy the .apk files from system/apps/ to /system/apps/ on your device . similarly , files from data/apps/ should be copied to /data/apps/ . now back to the menu , and re-mount your /system partition read-only . reboot . now , the google apps should be there . still not ? bang . variant 4: get another device . . . or at least another rom . . .
yes they are the same . the one x and x+ use identical display and digitizer . buy the assembly the digitizer is adhered tightly to the lcd .
if it works like older roms that used to support the " apps2sd " before the google implementation , then yes , you need to format your sd card outside of your phone , on a linux distribution . you can use like an ubuntu live cd if you do not have linux installed on a pc already . then you open up a partition tool , like gparted , and set up your partitions . iirc , the first partition must be ext2/3/4 in order for the device to use it like it is actually part of the internal memory . then you can partition the rest as fat32 . back before froyo , when the custom rom i used supported this , there was nothing else to do . just put in the sdcard , boot the device . it would pick up the partition and mount it automatically . as for miui , i do not know if it does that . i am actually surprised that they still support this . all rom devs i know have dropped support for it since google introduced the " built-in " method . i personally hate the built-in apps2sd . i dont feel that it works very well . while the ext2/3/4 method has the drawback of not really being able to remove your sdcard , it does still give you the ability to mount your fat32 partition , if you choose to , to your pc and still let the device have access to the ext partition .
re-flashing the gapps package fitting for your android version should fix it . you can find them at goo . im . make sure the archive you pick is for your android version ; according to the tag you have used , it should be gapps-jb-* .
yes , there are lots of apps like image shrink lite resize lite share image and many others , just search the market instead of sharing to twitter , just share to these apps , choose from a list of predefined sizes , and reshare to twitter . you can do this from any apps that can share images to any apps that can receive shared images .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
i suggest using lookout ad network detector . it is specifically designed to recognize ad-providers , and helpfully categorizes the ad-providers based on annoyances and/or best practices . it will then show you which app is using what ad-provider .
try using an ad-block app like adaway or adblock plus . most of these apps will show which ads were blocked and from where they originated . you can also check this link to know in detail about how to block ads in android
if these popups are appearing in front of other apps , look through your installed apps to find any with the " draw over other apps " permission . most apps do not have that permission , so this should help to narrow down which one might be the culprit .
download a terminal application for android and run the following command : ps the " ps " command will list all the running processes / apps . inside there you can see and analyze if a " weird " app is running behind and shows those ads .
i have looked a number of products and i have got to say touchdown by nitrodesk always comes out on top . i have just returned to android after a short spell with wp7 and fogot how much i relied on touchdown . my favourite is the fact it will read out emails , which is useful !
since i have currently the same problem , i found out that it is related to the import of a pst file . the error occurs if a pst file is exported from an ms exchange 2003 server and afterwards imported on an exchange 2010 server . ( e . g . in order to migrate from one version to another ) everything works fine when using owa or outlook to access the data . the error you described shows up only on mobile devices so far . ( in my case it is a symbian phone with dataviz roadsync on it ) except editing all items , which makes them available again , i found no other solution so far . but i am curious to know if there is anything else .
had the same problem with gf 's phone . the problem was caused by an update . there are talks of a possible fix on vodafone.com.au forum via upgrade but the simplest solution , instead of waiting for fix ( which may never come to all carriers ) , is to do a factory reset . make sure to make a backup of your phone before doing it because everything will be gone . step-by-step for factory reset is available here .
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
you most likely have damage some critical files that are preventing your device from booting properly , with this in mind , you can try : one-click unbrick credits go to adamoutler at xda-developers forum . about one-click unbrick will work on all samsung devices which use odin3 is a single , portable executable is the first one-click anything for our devices on linux works on mac works on windows is open source is programmed in java deploys and installs heimdall for your os is super easy to use . . . . only one button ! instructions copy oneclick . jar to your desktop or any other folder on your computer . it will not work on a network share . double click the file to run it . as long as you have java installed on your machine you are up and running . linux users : mark this file as executable : chmod +x OneClick.jar  all platforms : double click to run , or , right click and open with java , or from command line : java -jar OneClick.jar  windows users : for some versions of windows as a work around to uac ( user access control , the annoying popups ) , a executable called " oneclickloader . exe " has been deployed to the same folder as oneclick . jar . it is important that you do not rename oneclick . jar until after running oneclickloader . exe right click oneclickloader . exe and select " run as administrator " setup should be run-of-the-mill . attention : have you tried to go back to download mode ? if it is still able to go back into download mode , you do not need this software . just turn your captivate into the download mode and flash back to stock eclair or froyo using odin 1 click or whatever similar . links : click here to download one-click unbrick 10july11 from googlecode you will need java installed on your computer : do you have java ?
using the heimdall one click collection , i was able to restore my device back to the stock rom . in windows , it requires the visual studio c++ runtime . after putting the phone in download mode , all you need to do is to press the flash button .
i have nova launcher running on an htc one 4.3 and no , it is not an issue with either android or nova launcher . just the old app taking revenge ! ( my attempt at humour , sorry ) to fix this : go to settings go to apps go to nova launcher clear defaults press home and select htc sense ( selecting " only once " ) [ doesnt the dock look familiar ? ! ] change the dock icons to desired ones press home and select nova launcher ( selecting " always " ) done ! reasoning any changes that you make to nova launcher or most launcher for that matter , like replace the music app shortcut with a calender app will not take place in your default htc sense home launcher ( the default home launcher ) . so when your lock screen accesses the dock , it will display the icons only in the htc sense home launcher dock . now you said that you changed the sms app . when you did so , you probably changed the shortcut in the nova launcher dock bar but did not in the home launcher ; thus the problem ! *tip : you can use this to your advantage to use the default dock for handy apps like camera , phone and music for quick access only on your lock screen !
it sounds like the lock screen icons are configured separately from the home screen icons . if the lock screen shortcut is pointing to an app that is no longer installed , i would expect it to show the icon you are seeing ( the default app icon ) . try going into the lock screen 's settings and setting the shortcut to the new app you want .
well , annoyingly i could not figure out how to fix it . a factory reset did the trick . thanks dan hulme
on samsung galaxy s ii ( and possibly other similar phones ) the stock music player app can do this . just open the mp3 in any file manager , choose to play it with the stock music player , hit menu and select Use as... and Ringtone . another option is to use doubletwist player to show the music by artist/album and long-press the song you want , then select Use as ringtone . this way you do not have to select from one long list , but the downside is you can not use your file manager to browse , you are stuck with artist/album grouping . also , you could check out ringtone maker , you can browse files in menu -> browse . . . . this also has the ability to play , chop and edit volume/fade .
if you look at this video from the google i/o conference and the slides you can see that they show how much wifi , the cpu , screen , gps , accelerometer etc . use in a device . here is the video and the slides . a quick summary in case the links go down : this shows the amount of battery used by the components in milliamps ( ma ) . another unit needed is milliamp hours ( mah ) which is what battery capacity is measured in , a typical smartphone might have 1600mah capacity . having just the screen on we can see how long the device may last by dividing the capacity ( 1600 mah ) by the usage ( ~100 ma ) giving us 16 hours of use with just the lcd screen on . it is an interesting video if you take the time to watch the whole thing . it discusses wake locks , where an app will wake up the device to update itself , and how they affect battery life which is an aspect i do not usually consider about applications .
for the actual sensors ( accelerometer etc ) they report there nominal power consumption in the api . there are apps that let you see this , i use z-devicetest for this . in practice the values for the sensors are normally dwarfed by the cpu which has to be active to do anything with the data and you often have the screen on which is of course even worse normaly .
i think the only reliable source for roms is xda-developers . ask your question there . they have a special forum for the att s3 . http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1705 btw : that does not mean that you cannot trust this source !
i had the same issue and i solved it by updating to the latest sdk tools using android sdk manager . the problem is actually on your adb not on your phone .
try to switch the device into ptp mode ( under settings -> storage -> usb computer connection and manually select the connection mode . . . ) and connect to computer . let it install , switch back to usb mode and plug in again . update : xda tread
windows 7 to install the android usb driver on windows 7 for the first time : connect your android-powered device to your computer 's usb port . right-click on computer from your desktop or windows explorer , and select manage . select devices in the left pane . locate and expand other device in the right pane . right-click the device name ( such as nexus s ) and select update driver software . this will launch the hardware update wizard . select browse my computer for driver software and click next . click browse and locate the usb driver folder . ( the google usb driver is located in \extras\google\usb_driver . ) click next to install the driver .
the issue with most class10 sdcards for most devices is it is higher clock speed a normal microsd ( class6-below ) operates only @ 0-25mhz compared to a class10 microsd ( uhs-i-uhs-ii ) operates @ 0-100mhz ( up to 208mhz for uhs104 ) this messes up with the controller on the card reader of your nook and mistimes the writing and reading on the card making its performance appear worse . some class10 sdcards adapt to slow controllers but i think most class10 's are design for the newer . i still have my xperia play and i use sandisk 's 32gb uhs-i class10 card . the card 's performance was terrible until i got across a hack to the ti card reader controller i found on xda forums . i flashed the custom driver which fixes the timing issue on newer card and now i can get up to 12mb write/ 25mb read , no write drops , and makes a it a great swap partition . try to find a custom driver hack for your nook , but you will be taking big risks because you will be modifying a very low-level part of your device .
not really an android question ( rather linux/shell/bash ) , but i give the credit of the missing executable . so : for i in * ; do j=`echo $i | tr '[a-m][n-z][A-M][N-Z]' '[n-z][a-m][N-Z][A-M]'`; mv "$i" "$j"; done 
that is normal . some apps will not work if they are moved to the sd card , because of some dependencies with the internal storage . so , expect some of those apps to have disabled Move to SD card buttons .
the galaxy s duos have the same problem . to solve this , root your phone , and try moving the apps . if you have no success , then try a custom rom ( i would recommend cyanogenmod ) .
from what i can see from this site ( in spanish ) : this is a specific advertising service that only the Movistar network seems to push to phones . the only solution i found is to disable the " sim toolkit " application , Settings &gt; Applications &gt; SIM Toolkit but this may require root access to your device . removing sim toolkit according to android forum users can be removed without any issues . i would Disable it rather than take the nuclear deletion option personally . from the link : has not been on my phone in a year . . . no problems without it - that i am aware of . and i know for a fact that 4g works without it . . . has not been on my phone for the last year - and every rom i could flash made no difference . i am really temped to believe that simtoolkit is for metro 's various services/bloatware ( where they monitor data usage - for whatever reason ) from wikipedia : sim application toolkit ( commonly referred to as stk ) is a standard of the gsm system which enables the subscriber identity module ( sim ) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services . these so called ' value added services ' are what you want to remove . alternatively you could contact movistar and see if they can stop it , tell them it is crashing your device or causing you issues and ask what can be done . depending on your contract you could move to another network also .
check out an app called go sms pro . update : sorry if it were not clear . the op included a request for an app to block the alerts . i inferred the alert was coming in through the messaging system . you can block messages by their source with this app . press/hold for a menu . click on block this source . this app , is available via the play store . you get there on the android by clicking " play google " . type in " go sms " . that is the exact name of the app . if your carrier is using something different from the messages system , this will not work . it did clear out a lot of messages i was getting on my android .
the samsung galaxy tab has 600 x 1024 pixels on it is 7 inch screen . so i am not sure that 854x480 is actually a cap ?
there is no " cap " on the resolution . in the froyo ( and gingerbread ) emulator , you can enter any screen dimensions you want , and there is no real problems with apps or anything ( unless they are doing something wrong . ) apps just probably do not take advantage of the extra pixels or different physical size . i think you are confusing " not supporting large screens " with " not optimized for large screens " honeycomb will allegedly make big screens look and feel awesome ; )
gingerbread is adding support for " extra hdpi " and " extra large screen " devices , but this primarily geared towards tablet devices than actual phones ( but who is to say that will not change ) . more information can be found here on the updated dev guide on supporting multiple screen sizes .
i am using dice player to play dual audio movies on my sony xperia neo v mobile . i think you should try dice player . when you are going to play dual audio movies on your device , you will see an option at the top right side bar resembles music icon . you will need to click on that icon and you will see the movies dubbed in different language . choose your preferable language and you have done ! ! resource : http://www.ehowportal.com/play-dual-audio-movies-android-device/
until there is a real answer , some hints to , hm , other solutions : a thread at droidrzr . com mentions how to mod external sd card to be primary . the initial post speaks of a " flashable zip " , but unfortunately gives no link to it . further down in the very same thread is a short how-to for rooted users , a similar one can be found at the xda forum : mount /system read-write use a file editor to navigate to /system/etc locate vold.fstab , make a backup of it ( copy it to your card , or copy it to something like vold.fstab.orig ) , and open it with an editor scroll down to the line saying # external sd card below that , change the line reading dev_mount sdcard-ext /mnt/sdcard-ext: to dev_mount sdcard /mnt/sdcard: scroll further don to # internal eMMC below that , change the line dev_mount sdcard /mnt/sdcard:: to dev_mount sdcard-ext /mnt/sdcard-ext:: reboot now you should have swapped the internal and external card , and the latter should be used by default -- as it was with previous android versions . warning : i have not tried this myself ( did not yet succeed in rooting my tablet -- and my phones still run gingerbread ) , so do it on your own risk ! i will not be liable to . . . whatever , you know the disclaimer . however , the worst i can imagine happening is that it would not work , and you would neither see your internal nor your external card anymore . in that case , simply restore your backed-up original vold.fstab , and you should return to the state you have started with . edit : also for rooted users , but easier to use : on the playstore you can find apps like ics sd binder 1 and root external 2 internal sd 2 , which should apply above steps automatically ( click image to enlarge ) :
i have a workaround that does not require root , at least for your issue with sygic . i just used it on my husband 's new xperia j to move sygic to his external sd , because we had exactly the same issue as @rita . install fx file manager from the app store . then simply cut and paste the sygix folder from main storage to ext_card . i had my doubts that the app would work after that , but it does ! the original shortcut sygic installs still opens the program ok and even better , any new maps you download will go into the sygic folder on the ext_card - so no more filling up that 2gb internal sd . it does not solve the issue of making the ext_card the default , but if you are wary of rooting your phone , it is a good alternative .
you do not need to do all that rooting business . just download an app such as astro cloud for free , and using that you just move whatever file , video , music etc that you want in a copy and paste way to your ext sd . in astro cloud it explains how to do it . its really easy to use .
sony has launched a new line of usb flash drives designed to work with smartphones and tablets as well as pcs . on one end there’s a full-sized usb connector which you can plug into a desktop or notebook . but if you lift the cap , you’ll find it’s hiding a tiny micro usb connector . you can plug the micro usb connector into most android phones or tablets and the drive will show up as external storage , allowing you to copy files to and from your mobile device . then you can plug the other end of the flash drive into your pc . currently the drives only work for devices running android 4.0.3-4.3 , but support for android 4.4 is being addressed . the drives come in 8 , 16 , and 32gb variants . read more here . alternatively if your phone has root , then you maybe interested in meenova . this comprehensive review entitled " the meenova micro-sd card reader for android " will provide more info , as will this video review .
you would need to root your android in order to be able to do this . once done , you can link , map , move internal sdcard app folders to external this works for any app , game folders . if you know linux , it create symlinks .
you can move the apps in your phone memory to your internal storage easily with your app settings . goto Settings -&gt; Apps and select the apps you want to move . then click the move to internal storage button . or use an app like app to sd to do this conveniently . if you want to make your sd card the default location , go through the below steps . install android sdk connect your device with usb debugging enabled run the command Cd C:android-Sdk-Windowsplatform-Tools in cmd enter the command adb devices and you should see your attached device listed on the screen . enter the command adb shell pm getInstallLocationwhich will show you the current value of installlocation of your device . it would be one among the following : 0 [Auto]: Let The Phone Decide The Best Location For An App 1 [Internal]: It Installs Everything In The Internal Storage 2 [External]: It Installs Everything In The Memory Card enter the command adb shell pm setInstallLocation 2 to change the install location to external memory . if everything works fine , you would not see any message on the screen . you can now disconnect your device from the pc . refer this for more information and screencaps
simple answer you can do this with media monkey remote app
after i posted this question , i found out that ' playerpro ' music player allows you to choose the type of ratings it saves to . mediamonkey is one of them , so this basically is what i needed . unfortunately , it is not a free app , but for me although this is a tiny feature , this is something i am willing to pay for .
on top of the answer from cédric julien - it may be worth wiping the google search data and cache from settings -> applications .
according to the google now page sports cards are : shown based on web history so i suppose there are still many links related to the giants in your web history . try to go to your google history page , search for everything related to giants , then remove the shown items , then maybe google now will understand that you are no longer interested in giants results .
the problem has been solved by updating " google search " after the 4.2 announcement . so it was definitely a bug : )
go launcher , launch the drawer , click application settings , click app drawer scrolling orientation , set vertical continuous or vertical loop and then vertical waterfall . win .
the drawer and its animation effects are part of the launcher ( a . k.a. home ) app . stock launcher in aosp ( android open source project ) , which cm and many other custom roms are based on , has not included this particular effect since honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) . you can most probably find the app drawer 's " cube " scrolling effect in 3rd-party launcher replacement apps . i would start looking at google play store for various launcher apps ( e . g . apex launcher , awd . launcher , etc . )
webkey is my personal favorite remote control program . it turns your phone into a web server , complete with https and username/passwords with permissions you can set . so you could have an admin user with full access , and a standard user who can just see the screen . on top of built-in vnc , webkey also gives you the ability to track your phone by gps , connect to a terminal , browse and download files from your device , and a bunch more administrative things . though this sounds like it is outside of your needs ( but you do not have to use those features ) . and to top it all off , webkey is open source and free , encompassing every android users ' favorite two buzzwords .
all existing non-root-required product works at a very slow frame rate : 0.8 frames/second for a typical screen size of 720x1024 , so they are not suitable for realtime display purpose . " sji android screen capture " will fit your needs , no root required . just with pc 's browser . works at frame rate of 4+ for fullscreen of 1080x1920 , 8+ fps for 320xauto down-scaled size . at the same time , it can record to mp4/webm , and can remote control android from pc 's browser . https://github.com/sjitech/sji-android-screen-capture good luck .
try a free app called airdroid , which lets you control wirelessly your android device from a desktop browser . this is a fragment of play store app description : realtime android screen ( experimental feature , root permission required ) view your android 's screen , take a screenshot , or even record a screencast . here 's a video showing some of its features .
export DISPLAY=:0  when you type " xterm " a terminal should appear inside x but does not work very well , because some x11-features are not implemented in this android-xserver .
there are a lot of lg optimus devices and some of them do not have sd card slot ( e973 for example ) . if that is your problem then you can try attaching external sd card reader to your device using usb otg to usb adapter .
i am going to assume the following : you are running the latest android version ( 4.1.2 ) . you want to transfer media ( photos/videos/music ) . most android devices come with a file manager app installed on the device . take a look at all your applications ( press the grid button on the homescreen ) and see if you have one ( this can be something such as " my files " , " files " , or " file manager" ) . if you happen to have one , open it . navigate to the media on internal storage . do a long press on the item/folder that you wish to move . select the destination on the sd card .
if your goal is to transfer data from the internal sdcard to the external , you can do so in several ways : use a file explorer directly on the device ( es file explorer file manager is a good choice for this ) attach your device to your computer via usb , and both sdcards should become accessible . use your favorite file explorer on your pc then to copy/move the files if , on the other side , you are talking about the internal " phone storage": without root access to your device , your possibilities are pretty limited . . .
whatsapp is installed on the /system partition on your device . which means , your device manufacturer decided to include the app in the device firmware . a factory reset can only remove the apps which you installed yourself which are present on the /data partition . to remove system apps you need to need to root your device and delete the app from the /system/app/ directory .
its been tested by a group here : http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/news/2011/01/researchers-enable-mesh-wifi-networking-for-android-smartphones.ars so it is possible .
the previously mentioned serval project now has an android app available - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.servalproject
the project mentioned by bobflemming is the serval project , and they are also on twitter . the android application will be available soon apparently . thought i would mention because not entirely straightforward to find it through the youtube link and that the twitter account is not advertised on the site . also i cannot +1 or comment yet so adding it as a reply .
here is a project on sourceforge , please refer whether it help your need or not . . just link here , http://android-ptt.sourceforge.net/
here is what i use that do not need an internet connection : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidintercom https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remaller.android.wifitalkie_lite
there are many push to talk apps on the marketplace , but they all required an internet connection . as far as i know , android does not support ad-hoc wifi connections .
enter recovery mode and do a factory reset and wipe cache and install any rom you like . it worked for my s2 which got stuck during boot-up . i kept flashing my rom without factory reset and wipe cache and nothing happened . it went back to normal when i did those procedure above . hope it will solve your problem . my s2 is fine and running again . i almost gave up on it .
try pressing headset button two time frequently as you double click from computer mouse .
just long-press the headphone for 3 seconds , and it will change the channel .
did you update to android jelly bean os ? samsung jelly bean os does not support this feature . source .
as far as i know , the official youtube app will not play 1080p videos yet . standard lq ( hq not enabled ) = 360p hq = 480p hd = 720p
just an addition . " mv " does not work on android because the internal memory and sdcard have different file systems . you have to copy the files and then delete the old ones . ( oniks answer is still the best . this information is just for those who ended here using google )
if you use mv on a directory containing files and subdirectories , it will move all of them . but in this case you may not want to move the amazonmp3 directory itself , so the command would be mv internalmemory/amazonmp3/* /sdcard/music/ , assuming the internalmemory directory is correct . the actual names for the internal memory and sd-card depend on the device , for example on my old galaxy s they were /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd/ .
unfortunately , the stock android email app has the imap folder names hard-coded in the application , they cannot be changed by the user . the app expects the folders to have the following names : inbox outbox drafts trash sent junk if your imap server uses different names , they are not properly synchronized with the email app . there are two solutions to this : use different email app get android source code , modify names in email application , rebuild email application and replace original email application on your device with the modified one however , the second solution ( of course ) requires a rooted device and basic knowledge of how to build an android application . but , i can say , i tried it and it works . the file where the names are stored is &lt;Android-source-code-root&gt;/packages/apps/Email/res/values/strings.xml . see the following excerpt : i have no idea why google decided to make the names unchangeable withing the app . probably they want to force people to use gmail ( i was told , the folder names work with gmail ) . if anybody with programming skills is motivated , i would love to see a patched version of the email app , where the names of the folders can be adjusted in some configuration dialog . should not be a huge thing to implement , i just did not have the time for it .
the menu for each file ( the one you get by clicking the down-triangle-in-ring icon , or by long-tapping a file ) should also have a move item between rename and export . clicking it brings up a selector you can use to select where to move it to . i can not imagine why you might not have that item .
require root for some reason it requires root because the global proxy setting is a secure system settings ; on nonrooted devices , only system apps ( like the settings app ) can modify secure system settings . imagine if just any app can modify your global proxy setting , you can inadvertantly be redirecting all your internet traffics to some shady server somewhere across the globe . your alternative is to set up two browsers , one that uses normal internet and another that than can have per-app proxy configuration . you can set firefox for android to use a proxy by changing the network . proxy . http and network . proxy . http_port setting from within about:config . more details : https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/questions/757976 .
factory-reset your galaxy tab . then , log-in using the google account your nexus is using . it should ask you if you want to download or synchronize the apps that you have installed on your galaxy nexus .
such as these ? audioscopelt - beautiful lines spectral audio analyzer audio visualizer
make sure you have right drivers intalled on pc for your phone . try rebooting after that . regards .
the information below is from a developer website , it is the closest i could find to a definitive answer . from website : if you are using api level 7 or lower , use getexternalstoragedirectory ( ) to open a file that represents the root of the external storage , then save your shared files in one of the following directories :
autokiller memory optimizer ( root only ) or auto memory manage it is not specific to the dialer but you can give the dialer a higher priority .
the linux command nice and renice ( use terminal ) might be what you are looking for . the renice program is used to set the cpu and io scheduling priority of a running process ; the higher the nice value ( the nicer the program ) the lower the scheduling priority , and programs with low nice value ( iow , " mean" ) have higher scheduling priority . however , i am not quite sure how nice values are used by android framework . in here : http://code.google.com/p/openeclair/issues/detail?id=97 it is hinted that home apps prevents itself from being killed by setting itself with a very low nice value ; and unless android kernel deviates from upstream linux kernel by way too much , the cpu and io scheduler should use nice value to prioritize cpu and io scheduling . you might need to be rooted and have busybox .
i do not think there is any way to prioritize threads/apps in android . programatically you had set thread priority here , but it would be your threads in your app . you should not be able to do this against someone else 's app unless you had their developer signature as all applications are sandboxed from each other ( unless permission is given ) . instead , i would focus on trying to improve overall performance on your phone : conserve memory : reduce the number of running services delete apps that you do not use ( especially those that are spawning services ) overclocking ( requires root and will drain more battery , but could be allieviated some by running an under voltage kernel ) or installing a custom mod with performance tweaks as a side note , overclocking the motorola droid makes it hell of a lot more responsive than the default 550-600mhz clock speed , but i find the battery drain to be too much unless i have my phone plugged in to a power source . if you carry a spare battery around like me , it may not be that big of a deal you are right to not use a task killer . the android os was built to handle tasks appropriately and you would otherwise waste resources running an auto-kill service every x minutes ( because those killed tasks are just going to re-spawn ) and potentially cause other problems ( killing a task that is writing to the sd card , for instance , could cause file corruption ) . the only thing task killers are good for are for what you would normally use one for : to kill hung up processes .
i do not see how the duration of the charge would relate to whether or not it is harmful to the smartphone . i have never seen any documentation that keeping a phone plugged in perpetually ( whether plugged into usb , ac or dc ) would cause any harm to the phone itself . an argument could be made that it is harmful to the battery . constant charging is not generally a problem for lithium ion polymer batteries ( which most new cell phone batteries are ) . it is in fact better to frequently charge them , and not let them fully discharge . one factor that does degrade the battery life of all lithium ion batteries is heat . the more heat it is exposed to the faster it will lose capacity , so i can see how keeping it plugged in may keep it warmer longer and theoretically degrade the battery life . here are a couple good resources discussing battery life : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries http://www.droidforums.net/forum/tech-issues-bug-reports-suggestions/1974-understanding-battery-life.html
i would assume this is due to the cell radio firmware , not android . but i am not sure . in many cases you can flash older modem firmware using odin or clockworkmod , so you could test and see if the froyo firmware affects this under gingerbread . there should be a thread in the galaxy s forum on xda with the modems , i will update this if i remember to look for it later .
yes , your gingerbread phone does this , and no , it is not a feature of gingerbread . this is not an android-specific behaviour at all : it is part of the gsm protocol itself , so all phones do it . when the cell tower transmits , it says the transmit strength in the signal . the phone then works out how much attentuation there is ( i.e. . how much weaker the received signal is ) . the more attentuation , the louder the phone has to transmit to reach the cell tower . this works well regardless of whether the attenuation is caused by objects/buildings between the transmitter and the phone , or just because of distance . if it did not do this , it would either have to transmit at full power all the time ( which would be very bad for phone battery life ) , or it would get disconnected owing to the slightest bit of attenuation , even though it has enough power to reach the cell tower . both of those would be much worse . because the details of how strong the transmission should be are specified by the gsm protocol , it is very unlikely that using a different official radio firmware ( aka modem firmware ) would make a difference . even if you hacked the radio firmware yourself to disable this behaviour , you would not be using a gsm phone any more , so any " if there is no signal at your house " provision of your contract would not apply .
it depends on how the app was designed . android provides means to allow an app to choose from multiple layouts automatically depending on screen size and density , so if the designer cared to , they could provide completely different app appearances for phones and tablets to suit their app to the screen size . further information on the tools the developers may have used can be found here . if they did not do any of that , then the screen compatibility mode kicks in and its behaviour depends on the version . in version 3.1 and earlier , if the screen is larger than the app is intended for , it will occupy only part of the screen . in 3.2 and later , it will expand to fill the screen .
it totally depends on how the developer has coded it . this can be fine if it is coded reasonably or it can be horrible if the coding is bad . android makes it pretty easy to design for both and the new development environment they are releasing makes things even easier for developers so hopefully in future all applications should deal with phones and tablets gracefully . an example of a badly coded app is viewwebsource where the text blows up massively : screenshot ( click image to enlarge )
there are a vast multitude of app manager apps in the play store . i use the android system info app but it does more than just management . as for your exchange issue what are you using to sync ? i know the android pre-installed has issues with exchange depending on how the server is setup and each version has different quirks . you may try using touchdown to see if it will get all of your contact information into the phone , however it is only a free trial and i believe $20 after that .
i have a mid android phablet . had some issues too , but not that one . here is a link , they have a lot of suggestions for android tablets ( under forums heading , then android tablet ) : http://www.androidtablets.net/search/33094/?q=android+tablet+frozeno=relevance i did a query with " android frozen tablet " in the search . the search engine is somewhat off on the queries , so search using some of the words or fewer words , otherwise it might not bring up any hits , when there are suggestions/solutions . this query brought up some suggestions with the mid tablet . the second suggestion seems possible as many of my issues with the tablet were resolved with simple things , but not things you had think would be the solution . . . . . it said if frozen to let the battery run down all the way , and then plug it into the power adapter and the other person says there is started working then ? ! good luck !
you should be able to access the default recovery on your android tablet and do a factory reset . to do so turn off the tablet and then while holding the power button press volume down and hold for about 10 seconds . if this does not work try volime up or both . you should be now in the recovery and you can navigate with volume up/down and confirm with power button . if this does not work then your device may need a bit more attention .
the solution to this problem was to turn off google voice call screening . though the gv app was not installed and i do not know how the setting became enabled , i logged onto my gv account to turn off this setting .
ultrachron stopwatch lite . it does not time stamp each lap but does the start time .
if your device is linked to a google account , merely syncing will restore your contacts and calendar . otherwise , in tib - look for contacts / contacts storage in the backup/restore tab .
mx player does hw video / sw audio .
notice the cable . once i tried a normal usb cable for a samsung nexus s phone , and the connection failed . the cable that was given together with the phone worked . the official cable 's shape is a little bit different from a normal cable . it has a small cylindrical protrusion on the wire . i know this sounds strange , but it might matter .
you need to download the correct version of kies from samsung website and after successful installation check for kies update . also try toggling under settings-> development-> usb debugging , w/wo connecting usb cable .
never heard it was , and i am pretty sure if it were i had heard . ( originally " ximian evolution " , by the way ; ) neither have i heard of something comparable . mail , calendar , todo etc . are available as separate apps , sometimes also in combinations , but then mostly only combinations of calendar + todo , not with mail . closest coming is probably pocket informant ( usd 10 ) , joining calendar , tasks , and contacts : pocket informant 3 ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) i personally favour a combination of business calendar ( bought the pro ) , business tasks ( integrates neatly into their calendar app ) , and k-9 mail instead on my android devices ( and yes , on my computer i use evolution ) .
as stated in ayush 's answer , motorola customer care advises to wipe the cache to solve the issue , and it reportedly worked . as ayush omitted the steps required to follow whis advice , here are the steps to do " wipe the cache partition " . this will remove any temporary files that may be causing the problem , but will not delete your files or settings . with the phone powered off , press the vol down key for 2-3 seconds , then power key , then release . the device will display different boot options use the vol down key to scroll to recovery and vol up key to select tip : if the device reboots , you may have waited to long to make a selection , you will need to begin the process again . the device will display the motorola logo and then the android in distress ( logo with exclamation mark ) press and hold the vol up key for 10-15 seconds . while still holding the vol up key tap and release the power key tip : you can try this step , holding the phone in landscape . if you are stuck on step 6 , try a force reboot by pressing the power key and vol down key , and start the process again . the device will display additional menu options ( text will appear in blue ) use the vol down key to scroll to wipe cache partition and the power key to select this option the device will then perform the partition wipe the device will reboot and start the normal power up sequence
motorola is working on a fix for this issue . see the forums on their site . following kitkat upgrade , devices appear to show any of the following symptoms : lose mobile signal display ' no sim ' icons , fall into aeroplane mode ( while not displaying aeroplane icon status ) mobile signal can often be recovered by swapping into and out of aeroplane mode . pop-up errors about being in aeroplane mode while attempting to make calls during signal problems . aeroplane mode observed in about phone status ( while no aeroplane mode shown on icons ) 7 . popup errors - the process " com . android . phone " has stopped not specific to individual sim cards - multiple sims ( cutdown/original confirmed as impacted ) suggestion that it only occurs with mobile data enabled - to be investigated . the release notes also mention your low volume issue . apparently the patch is ready and the release notes have also been confirmed . this is just a matter of time . people should not update to kitkat 4.4.2 on moto g until above mentioned patch is available . note : i am not a moto employee , i am just a fellow user like you , who now tells others to beware before updating the phone to kitkat .
just to close this issue , i exchanged the device at the vendor ( same model ) , upgraded to kitkat , and everything seems to work fine . sorry for not having a more technical answer , i would love to have one , but in the end i needed a phone that works .
i am using moto g ( 16gb comes with kitkat ) for last 3 three week . and last night for the first time when i was calling then there were no sound at all . seems there was no voice transmission . then i rebooted and it worked but after some time same thing happened and continue to happened frequently . then i did factory reset and now it works well . it has been passed 1 day and no issue . i think its a software problem . i goggled a bit about this issue and found a post which states the same issue and occurred after 3 week of usage .
motorola customer care told me to " wipe the cache partition " ( and also described how to do this ) , and it is now working fine .
if it came pre-installed with your phone then its a system app . you cannot uninstall it ( unless you have your phone rooted , which i think you do not have ) . best option for you is to disable the app . in this case , the app will not run and will not consume any cpu or battery ( if that is your problem ) . if you are concerned about storage space running out then this will not solve the storage problem .
obviously you need an internet connection to create or log into your account . as you do not have a mobile internet connection yet , the phone needs to connect to a wi-fi network first . that is why it is showing you the wi-fi settings right away .
log in to the web interface of the play store and click the settings button in the top right corner and select My Orders and Settings ( or use this direct link ) . next , select the Settings tab and you will see your devices . from here , just click on Edit and type the name you wish to give the device and click Update .
usually , kies will inform you of updates faster than ota will . however , ota is more convenient because you do not have to plug in your phone to the pc . so , it is really just a matter of getting the updates quicker versus convenience .
it is possible . but , most notably they would tell you if there was a voice version , and a non-voice version . just like some tablets have 3g connection , and some only have wi-fi . they had tell you . however , you also have to be careful sometimes . some sites that sell these really cheap , are like chinese wholesale sites , and they make counterfeit versions of these , but sell them off as the real deal .
download the required firmware bundle here install kies , or samsung driver pack unzip the package , you will get 3 * . tar ( or tar . md5 ) files download odin3 1.84 or 1.85 stop kies stop all active adb sessions start odin do backup of your data and apps charge your sgy at least 75% remove sgy from usb or charger start the device in download mode power off your sgy wait 30 sec press vol down , home , and power at the same time when ( about 5 sec ) warning screen appears , release volume down and power , then ( a bit later ) home press vol up ( you will get odin mode screen ) browse the 3 tar files to odin pda=pda_xxxx . tar , phone=modem_ or phone_xxxxx . tar , csc=csc_xxxxx . tar no pit and/or boot files required - leave it empty ! leave all other fields and checkboxes default ! connect your phone , you must see yellow 0: [ comxx ] in the first id:com and " added " in the message box start flashing by the start button . flashing will start immediately , see the progress in the message box , and progress bar on the phone wait 1-3 minutes , until green pass ! in the upper left sgy will reboot , leave it as is for 2-5 minutes until startup finishes if it stuck ( eg boot anim loop ) then : when android boots up , it is highly recommended to set your csc via the dialer #272 _your_imei_# ( to see imei type *#06# in dialer ) -> ( it will erase all your data on the phone , but not the sd card )
the purpose of the lockscreen is to prevent someone from accessing your data , which would be erased by performing a factory reset . a fingerprint scanner is not more secure than a password , it is only more convenient . a few cases where it falls short as a password are : you leave your fingerprints everywhere its easier to obtain your fingerprints by force , than a password its harder to change your fingerprints than a password and fingerprint lock in samsung galaxy 5 easily defeated by whitehat hackers
here is an excellent thread on xda on how to do this the really hard way ( manually , with de-compiling and recompiling the framework . ) i would highly recommend not flashing the different mods from that thread because they are based on files from a different device . also , backing up the files you will be playing with is a must . i have not found any 3rd-party apps that can do this . could be because this mod requires edits to system files that are very device-specific .
had the same problem when i bricked my samsung s1 . tried to install cyanogen 10.2.1 over semaphore cwm . the issue was not in my internal or external sd card , but within semaphore recovery soft ( i think it was semaphore cwm 5.0.27 , downloads as semaphore 2.7.4 ) . cyanogen team recommends it and links to it from their site , but its a no go for me : ( just use another recovery tool . for example google for replicant recovery image . flash that one with heimdall instead of your previous cwm . worked flawlessly - no " can not mounts " or cache/data errors with it good luck
with the information you have given , it sounds like your sd card might be damaged , or not formatted properly . make sure the sd card is formatted in fat32 with a card reader if you have one available . if there is not anything you need on the sd card , try wiping the sd card through cwm , and reformatting it . if this does not work , the card is probably physically damaged .
first , go to your phone settings > date and time and check if your time zone is correct . second , change the time zone of your google account by following this guide . good luck !
you might want to take a look at go sms pro . unread messages have a NEW indicator at the top right corner of a conversation . also , the contact name is usually bold ( see screenshot below ) . you can also select other themes which may have different indicators . caveat : there is no way to filter by unread conversations . so , you still have to scroll through them . but the indicator should help a bit .
i think the original samsung application is not good enough and has some bugs . so you can use apps from your mail service like gmail and yahoo applications or use applications which support multiple email services like aqua mail .
enter download mode . download odin download offical firmware from here place the tar file in the pda location in odin and it will install the offical rom again . tutorial here if you have kies delete it just install the drivers
four steps : open the moboplayer app ; if you do not see a small menu with icons at the bottom of your screen , tap " home " to bring that up , then tap " . . . " ; from the white extra options board , scroll to see the far right side . there you will find " streaming " , tap to access ; enter url and enjoy the show .
if you had contact sync enabled and you added the account on this rom too your contacts should appear . if they do not , try titanium backup pro . it is a terrific backup solution and it is pro version allows you to restore individual items from cwm backups . it costs more than your average app but it is super well worth it .
you will most probably have to wipe . this is because the data will have a different structure , as it is a major version . if you have recovery , you can flash it to see if it works and if it does not , then you can wipe it . i would suggest backing up any data you would like to keep .
do not use full image at recovery ! it contains recovery too ( cm can repair itself , but reflash of bootloader is not needed ) . use fastboot and flash partitions : system , data you will lose all of your data on the tablet , but it is needed because of the different filesystem structure . without reflashing data you will get a bootloop .
if the phone is new and in the box , then it has probably never been turned on . you can tell because the first time you turn it on ( after fully charging the battery ) , it will go through the initial setup process , inviting you to enter or create a google account , and showing some pop-up tips about adding shortcuts to the home screen . if it is second-hand , then the shop or the previous owner should have factory-reset it already , but you can tell in the same way . if you turn it on and get the initial setup process right away , then you are already starting from a fresh state . if you just get the home screen , with no setup screen inviting you to enter or create a google account , then you need to factory-reset from the device settings .
there is an app that does provide that : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aoandroid.jiuboo.androidmanual_ms
you can download the documentation of ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) by the sdk manager . sdk manager--> android 4.0.3 ( api15 ) --> documentation for android sdk it will download all the documentation in &lt;android-sdk&gt;\docs of your pc .
you can find a pdf version for most sections that are built monthly with details of what has changed in the previous month . the website has been split into sections for each book . http://www.docand.com/ the sections are all available as a preview and as a download for free .
it is not the solution you are looking for exactly but an alternative way would be to use the code completion feature of the aide app , an android ide running on android . plus you can code during your metro rides and even meetings : )
awesomeplayer is the built-in media player , part of android 's media playback engine . it is also referred to as the stagefright player . you may be seeing the player 's entries in the log while not playing any music or videos , because it handles all media playback , including ringtones and notification sounds .
it is based on content of site , if any site comes under categories : article , documentation , blog , news or same kind comes under browser reader feature , hope you got you answer .
not with the regular playstore app , afaik . if you want to do so using an app , you might want to take a look at market comments reader . from within the web browser , androidpit allows to show comments of all languages at once , i.e. without selecting each language separately .
i have experienced this also with my phone ( galaxy nexus ) . the main reason that i see causing this is a miss-typed password as i believe someone mentioned above . another thing that has happened to me is a really low connection . check to see how strong the wifi signal is in the spot where you are trying to connect . sometimes if the connection is really weak it will keep the phone from connecting so try moving around your house also . i know this is pretty obvious but you said you had two networks so make sure your phone is not connected to the first one when you are trying connect to the second . if all of this does not solve the problem there is a workaround that i have found works most of the time : go to settings-> wifi ( make sure it is turned on so you can see all the available networks . ) . click on the plus button at the bottom ( right above the home button in the center ) . enter your network 's ssid ( name that appears in the list of available networks ) and select the security and password . hit save and see if that works ( you might have to than click on it in the list and hit connect but it should connect when you hit save . ) hope this helps !
in the end i fixed it using the old " have you tried turning it off and on again ? " on one of the aps . make sure to try that first . ; ) so here is my little checklist , least annoying first : ( if you have other suggestions or things that worked for you let me know and i will add them ! ) recheck the password it is almost always the problem ! ( hint to the android devs : a more descriptive error for this case would be great . ; ) ) reboot all devices . yes , even if it works for other computers and if it will cut their network connection . try adding the network manually and entering all the data manually . try restricting all devices to specific channels and bands instead of using automatic discovery . if you use multiple devices make sure they do not interfere by setting them to different channels or selectively turning them off . try using " adb logcat " to get more information . try resetting your phone .
i think google play is bundled with some services that requires for another applications . ie : applications that uses google cloud messaging ( gcm ) . according to this link : http://developer.android.com/guide/google/gcm/gcm.html gcm requires devices running android 2.2 or higher that also have the google play store application installed . . . . so basically , google play is not there only for install a new app or check for updates etc . . so i think it is better to leave it as it is .
i have finally found a working link for hack4legend : http://www.mediafire.com/?w32aen59riz8qnn it came from yet another guide : http://technologic101.wordpress.com/2012/05/31/tutorial-how-to-downgrade-htc-legend-from-android-v2-2-to-v2-1-100-working-with-hboot-1-01/
i do not think since evernote is quite big they would do something like that , and if would do so it would be something so easy to see . actually when you are developing for android some methods would require this kind of permission , if i am not wrong , if you want , for example , check for data connection needs read phone state and identity or for some advertising . . i have found an interesting article discussing it : here
the reason for " phone calls " might be quite easy : looking at the app requirements , they list " android 1.6 or higher " . with that , this permission is automatically set -- whether the developer wants it or not . reference : android 1.6 changelog . an interesting discussion on this permission can be found at stackoverflow : android permissions : phone calls : read phone state and identity . of course this might not be the only reason . if the app e.g. lets you take " call notes " for an ongoing phone call , it might want to connect it with the contact or at least the calling number . to get the contact , it needs the number . to get the number , it needs . . . yes , READ_PHONE_STATE . not using evernote , i cannot say if it offers such a feature . personal information : a possible reason for contacts i just explained . some additional reasons , taken from the app description , could be : email notes and save tweets to your evernote account ( email taken from contacts ) share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter ( again , your friends data is probably stored with your contacts ) take meeting and class notes ( meetings are probably among your calendar entries , so they could be connected ) plan a trip : keep track of travel plans , plane tickets and passports ( again a clear candidate for calendar : travel plans ) as for accounts , pick reasons from above : how to share on your twitter and/or facebook accounts without accessing them ? so all mentioned permissions could be easily explained . could , as it takes some guess-work . you may be able to tell my assumptions are true if you investigate the described features . but the devs should be able to confirm or deny -- and imho it is their responsibility to explain . my suggestion to developers always is : if there are sensitive permissions involved , split the connected functionality into addons/plugins . my standard example : locus maps . it needs internet access to load maps , that is crucial to the app . being a navigation app , you might want it to navigate you to your friends -- so accessing your contacts makes sense . but that together with internet , well . . . you might be concerned . so menion ( the dev ) moved this part to a ( free ) addon . choice is up to you : trust him ( and install the addon ) , or enter all addresses manually . and for another thing i agree with a point mentioned here a couple of times : a 4.7 star rating with almost half a million downloads , i would say if that app were malicious , we had have heard about .
" read phone state and identity allows the application to access the phone features of the device . an application with this permission can determine the phone number and serial number of this phone , whether a call is active , the number that call is connected to and so on " i think it needs calls to make some appointment from them and all the other permission are maybe in the same feature class . i think other users are having similar concerns about other apps from big providers like facebook see here . my take would be to ask directly evernote why they need those features enabled . this is no way a singular incident see a similar concern here .
quick workaround : you can type similar starting words couple of times to make your phone think they are more frequent . embarrassing words will not disappear but they will not bother you because new words will be suggested instead .
instead of going into personal dictionary , try all languages , which on my phone is right above the personal dictionaries option . that is where my list of words was .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
if you go to Start screen / Menu key / Settings / About phone / Battery / Battery use you can see exactly how much different applications drained your battery since your last recharge . to stop application you can use the file manager astro or a task killer like advanced task killer .
all android applications have to be granted ' permissions ' . these ' permissions ' include internet access , gps , etc . you can see these ' permissions ' by going to the application in the market , hitting ' menu ' and selecting ' security ' ( i think ) . as for ' activating features ' , applications cannot activate gps or wifi if you have them turned off . also , gps , even when activated , is only ' awake ' when an application is polling for location , then immediately goes back to sleep . it is always good to remember to turn off wifi and other features you do not need when you are not using them , although android is very good about only using these features when necessary .
most of these answers are correct as far as they go . you can charge the asus transformer without the base using any standard usb source ( computer , plug , etc ) with the proprietary cable . the transformer needs to be off or at least have the screen blank in order for this to work , and with less than 10 volts it will not indicate that it is charging . . . but it is , albeit very slowly . the included wall charger uses pin 3 of the usb to determine if it is connected to an asus transformer or another device . it supplies 15 volts if connected to the transformer or base , and 5 volts to any other device so it can be safely used to charge a phone or other device . many people have successfully charged their transformer with a direct connection to a 12-volt source like a car battery . the positive terminal needs to go to usb pin 1 ( red wire ) and the negative to the ground at pin 4 . be aware that while this works , it may void your warranty . such a charging setup cannot be used for phones or other devices !
as others have pointed out , the transformer does require a proprietary cable for charging . there are a couple of drawbacks to this . the supplied cable is not very long . my nexus s phone came with a really long micro-usb cable and it is great , because i can plug the phone in and put it up on a high shelf out of reach of the kids ( who know not to touch the wires ) . the cable is a proprietary plug on one end , and standard usb device plug on the other end . but do not be fooled : it will not charge from the pc . the asus adapter ( which is ac-usb power ) detects the transformer and negotiates a higher current/voltage . the transformer will not charge in a standard usb plug . you can , however , use the asus adapter to charge normal usb devices without problems . i am not sure why asus went with a proprietary cable for charging . i suspect it is because that port is meant to be a multipurpose port for the dock , charging , and accessories , and that using a proprietary port makes all that much easier . however there are not really any accessories for it and anyway they could have included a micro-usb port along with the dock/accessory port . in any case , you would still need the wall plug adapter because of the higher power requirements for charging this device .
i think the proprietary charger is needed because of the higher voltages required by the dual-battery design . i guess you could use the regular usb connector , but it might annoy people when a regular cable did not work because it does not provide the right voltages . using the odd connector ensures that the correct charger gets used .
! i found a powerbolt duo car charger by kensington at tiger direct . one usb connector puts out 2.1 amps , which is what the asus transformer wants , and the other is 1.0 amp . i am sure that there are others available . it does not solve the " short cable " problem though
from what i can see , the transformer charger works much simpeler . if you look closely into the usb connections , you can see an extra set of five pins . at the charger usb socket , a pair of these pins supplies +15v to the tablet . references on the net state that is ok to connect a +12v source to the usb power pins .
it comes with an ac adapter and a charging/data cable which can plug directly into the tablet , though it does still use their proprietary cable connection since it plugs into the same connector that the keyboard dock uses ( the other end is male usb ) . using proprietary charging cables is not unheard of - samsung and apple have done this ; i do not personally like it when companies use proprietary cables , but in this case it is mostly because the charging/data port doubles as the dock connector . here 's an image from engadget 's unboxing/review of the prime . the ac adapter is at the bottom .
first off , the charging cable for transformer is not that clunky . sure , inconvenient having to carry another cable and adapter , but it is not that bad . second , asus is not the only manufacturer to use a proprietary port ( with the required proprietary charging/data cable ) instead of usb or microusb connections . samsung tablets are notorious for requiring a similarly shaped 30-pin cable and a/c adapter for charging and data transfer . all apple 's ios devices also have a similar cable/adapter requirement .
when using both features i.e. n messages in the last m days i have always found it to be buggy . if you want to pick up loads of old messages would suggest going into the account settings for that account , removing the m days option and changing the fetching option from xkb to just headings . would also suggest changing n messages to a higher value , one that is likely to pick up however many you want . then refresh your account - you should get exactly what you need now .
in k-9 mail , if you scroll down in your inbox , it shows the option " load up to n more " , and by repeating this you can go back further and further .
it does not store creation time because unix filesystems ( generally speaking ) simply do not store this anywhere , and android does not seem to be any different . this stack overflow question has some discussion about this fact ( you can ignore the fact that it is talking about python - the answers are still relevant ) , and the man page for stat describes what times are typically stored in the data structure . as for the last accessed times . . . well it does keep track . try ls -l in any directory you have proper permissions for : if you have busybox you can also use the stat command for more detailed info . it also lets you use some additional ls flags like -u , -c and -t ( see man ls if you are not familiar with it ) . here 's a sample from stat:
the screenshots of the cn version are all in chinese , also the language code for chinese simplified is " cn " .
i had the same problem , and the solution was to re-flash the stock rom .
that is dangerously ignorant . i just checked today with a trustworthy site , and indeed , my milestone² was affected as well . the source is known to be the stock dialer , so htc phones are affected as well ( at least unless they are running jelly bean already ) . i would tell them to please give this statement in written form on company paper ( with the htc header ) , so you can go with that to some boulevard press to have it printed in the daily news . maybe it is more convincing to them to read the fact there than in known reputable sources . meanwhile , the main issue is to get yourself protected . i recommend to install notelurl , which in its latest version runs on all android versions from 2.0.1 up . i can vouch for the developer as a trusted person : he is a member of the androidpit community with high reputation . having this app installed , all ussd actions triggered by an app will open a pop-up to select the app the action should be performed with : the dialer ( which was the only one registered for this before ) or notelurl . then you can decide : select the dialer to really execute , or simply press the " back " button . just do not make anything the default here ; )
the android system monitors the light sensor ( for things like auto-adjusting the backlight ) , but to my knowledge does not specifically log that data by default . you can get an app like androsensor which allows access to all your phone sensors and can monitor and log the data for you .
yes , htc sense is basic rom provided by htc . if you want to increase your phone speed and internal memory you can keep your original rom and make it fast and full of memory by using link2sd with root privilege . just root your device and use link2sd to create links of your apps to sd-ext
when you are talking about an android rom , you are really talking of a group of programs , including the android base system , that are put together to work with your phone and that once installed are what you see and use when you start your phone without installing any app from anywhere else . you can imagine that the rom is the operating system of your phone plus the “default applications” that come with it . the thing with android is that is open source , so come people have managed to build systems configured to offer the user some things the original manufacturers of the phones don’t offer . this is the case of cm7 ( cyanogenmod 7 ) . if i install gingerbread , is that a rom like cm7 is ? gingerbread is the codename of a version of android , the 2.3 , to be exact . andorid 2.1 --> eclair android 2.2 --> froyo android 2.3 --> gingerbread android 3 . x --> honeycomb ( only for tablets ) android 4.0 --> ice cream sandwich android 4.1 --> jelly bean cm7 is a rom that uses as base system the android 2.3 system , so you can say that cm7 is a rom based on gingerbread . confused as to what exactly to do after a root , can i install gingerbread without rooting ? that depends . if htc offers an official rom upgrade to gingerbread ( version 2.3 of android ) , you can . if htc doesn’t offer this update , then you can only install an unofficial rom ( like cm7 ) . if i want to install htc sense , is that a rom ? htc sense is a pack of applications developed by htc to customize their phones and make themselves unique . htc sense is not a rom , but you can find roms for your phone that are based on the official rom with sense and some of the other parts of the system changed . rooting a phone is the process to gain full permissions . it is the equivalent of being the administrator of the system . once you are root you have full access to the system , so you can change it .
rooting gives you access to the root user ( dah ! ) it basically allows you to modify the entire system . for example you can remount the /system partition to delete apps . a rom is an entire operating system that you install in your phone and it replaces your default htc operating system ( normally along with clockwork recovery which is a backup/recovery/installing tool ) . you can find many roms for many phones . cyanogenmod is the most popular one . it is very nice but it does not include sense ( so you would lose any sense based app like the nice dialer ) . you can also find some modified sense roms , these might not be entirely legal ( not sure about this ) but you can find them normally in sites like xda-developers . sense is not a rom , it is a framework that htc uses to create a very specific look and feel for applications . you can only find it ( legaly ) in htc phones
i believe " rooting " means as in linux you become root ( administrator ) and the rom is the binary file specifically for the hardware you are using ; a samsung phone and an htc would require a different rom binary . now since you are root that allows you to change the rom to a new binary file ( cyanogen 's version of the android os ) suitable for the hardware on your model of phone . this may be completely wrong but i gave it an educated guess .
this is not meant as a complete answer , but only to address the issue of installing a rom vs rooting a phone first . it is possible to install a custom rom before you root your phone ( looking at installation directions for any custom rom will verify this ) , and to my knowledge , most , if not all , custom roms are rooted , meaning that when you install it , you have full root rights . however , you may want to root your phone before installing a custom rom , simply so you can back up your entire phone . you can do this via titanium backup . i am not completely sure if there is a way to backup your phone without rooting .
i have noticed a lot of vehicles that do not recognize any android devices but they do recognize iphones/ipods . this is something the manufacture has to add support for . these manufacturers usually use a proprietary system in the vehicle and they do not seem to think anyone uses anything besides an iphone or ipod . you may be able to use bluetooth to transmit the audio from your device to your vehicles stereo .
on most android phones sd card storage cannot be used by both the phone itself and another device simultaneously . so for the evo 3d to be available to your equinox ' player you might have to do something like tap on Turn on USB-Storage ( not sure if this is your case ) or choose Disk Drive when prompted about Connection Type on it . during this time the apps that you have moved to sd card cant be run , neither can you browse the sd card contents from your phone . btw , if your vehicle supports bluetooth with a2dp profile , that might be more convenient .
i agree with onik 's comment linking to his answer to a previous similar question ; this very well may be up to your carrier and something you will have to take up with them . sms/mms delivery is a ballet involving the sending and receiving carriers ' interest in cooperating , the network technology your phone uses , and how the sms app on your phone interprets the messages you receive . an unfortunate number of these factors are out of your control , but have you tried another sms app like go sms or handcent ? these may help your issue .
this is called group messaging . in short , everyone in the group gets replies from all the other group members . you can choose to remove people from the message or isolate specific people to message separately , and for that reason it will list all " participants " in the message . i am not sure how to view them in your app as i have not used it , but in most messaging apps , when you are in the message thread , there will be an option to view group participants . it may be hidden behind the menu key ( 3 dots often in upper or lower right , or hardware menu key , if your phone has one ) . or it may have its own button . ( tip : in many apps you can find out the purpose of a button by pressing and holding the button )
this is how i recovered mine sometime ago : first you need to download the correct . blob ( firmware ) file from the asus site here . when you downloaded the correct firmware unzip it and remember its directory . boot it into fastboot mode ( when you press volume down on the little android it seems that the tablet is stuck but actually it is in fastboot mode ) and then type :
autoupdates brick a lot of transformers when on cm . bad sounding situation , in my opinion . fastboot and adb are the only ways you could recover your device if you have a bad bootloader and recovery . have you tried holding vol-down while resetting with a paperclip ? that should force fastboot . if not , we can try adb . do you have adb access while your tablet is plugged in to your computer ? turn on your tablet so it is in recovery , and on your computer , run adb devices to see if your tablet is available . if so , adb -d reboot-bootloader should force your device to reboot into fastboot . from there , run fastboot erase x where x is : system recovery userdata boot misc cache and then after that , you can flash your files and/or restore your .blob files .
for adb devices to list your device ( and other adb commands to be able to work with it ) , you need to enable usb debugging in your android device . this will start the required services ( the adb daemon ) on the android device , which is what then responds to adb commands issued from your computer . besides : if you are not going to use all the development stuff from the sdk , but simply wnat to interact with your device using adb commands , you do not need to install the entire sdk overhead . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for details : )
i had issues like this with the android phones with my new belkin router , that i installed and set up yesterday . although not with our samsung galaxy tabs :- ) i tried your suggestion of setting the leasing to two weeks , this did not make any difference :- ( i resolved the issue by taking the channel settings off auto and wacked the channel up to 13 . the problem has resolved . i double checked and put the lease renewal back to forever , as the galaxy tabs have issues when the lease renews on any router . the issue is still resolved . :-d i hope that this helps :-d
it looks like i may have found the problem . the latest update from at and t ( 4.5.141 . mb860 . att . en . us ) which they pushed a few weeks ago appears to not handle a " forever " dhcp lease properly or my router does not properly handle a dhcp lease renewal when configured for " forever " . one does have to wonder why the phone was renewing a lease which had no timeout , and especially after only 150 seconds ( allowing for the 30 second network request timeout ) . coincident with the wifi dropping , the logs show the phone tearing down the wifi service and restarting it after a failed lease renewal request . because the router has always had a " forever " lease time , my money is on the update introducing a bug in the phone . from my phone log ( note there is a large time between the request and the renewal only because the log captures only a couple of minutes , so i had to capture a number of small log fragments before i tumbled to the dhcp connection ) : since changing my router to use a two week dhcp lease , the phone has had a stable wifi connection for an hour and a half , which is considerably longer than i have seen since i started monitoring this condition . assuming there are no further problems , i will accept this in a couple of days , indicating that the problem is indeed resolved . ( btw , the log collector i used is " log collector " by xtralogic inc , and " wifi analyzer " is by farproc ) . update : 2012-03-29 am : the root cause seems to be an inability to renew a dhcp lease - changing the lease time to 30 minutes caused the connection to drop precisely 30 minutes after connecting the phone to the router . update : 2012-03-29 pm : that there is a general problem renewing dhcp leases is born out by testing all day with a short lease time ; every ( or very nearly every ) attempt at renewing the lease fails , and then disconnects and reconnects the wifi service . now knowing precisely what the problem is and what to search for , it may be that this is a long-standing problem with the android wifi service , present since 2.2 and still a problem even in 4.0 .
did you read the working , bugs posted by the author of the rom . did you read the changelog of the rom . did the author specified any patch to fix the bluetooth issue ?
it is impossible to boot directly into cwm recovery by key combination . however one can boot into " download mode " ( as described in question ) and then ( re ) flash recovery with odin , this will automatically reboot phone to cwm recovery
provided it can read the cpu temperature , the linux kernel will detect an overheat condition and gracefully shut down the device in the event overheating occurs . however , android does not contain built-in mechanisms that selectively disable components or reduce heating in the manner ios does , such as by dimming or turning off the screen , stopping charging , reducing the power of the cell antenna , or disabling the camera flash .
within the batterymanager documentation for android there is a constant that can be used to check against that is named BATTERY_HEALTH_OVERHEAT . this would lead me to assume that there is a check that the os does against this value , though i have never personally experienced a warning like this . i did on my old ipad , but being a recent android convert i have not had the time to find out about this just yet .
there is an app called battery protector by apphibios . you can set whatever temp you want it to give you an alarm . i think 104f is about where you want to let it cool off .
wow , i had this problem just this week ! and just got access to my microsd . . . accessing your microsd the problem : my microsd card works great on my phone , but when i inserted it into my card reader and plugged it into the computer ( ubuntu 12.04 ) , it did not read ! well , this microsd card was a 16gb , class 4 so i thought maybe it was due to the class that it did not work . since , when i plug in a 2gb microsd , it works great ! works on my phone as well as using the card reader . what i did : updated my usb drivers as well as my computer and it is all great ! here 's the command that i used : sudo update-usbids &amp;&amp; sudo update-pciids  and then use the software center and just do a full system update . that is it . the post where i got the info from : ubuntu 10.04 usb drives not mounting ! - these are instructions for ubuntu 10.04 but it worked for my 12.04 . *i did not have anything to do with mount-manager at all . accessing your internal storage this is something that i am not an expert at but i am quite sure it is what the rooting program using the adb connection did to my android when it needed to install the sudo binary . but here 's a link i hope will be of a great help to you - how to access intenal storage or internal memory of android while conecting to pc ? !
settings > accounts > google account > name@gmail . com you can decide which features to keep synced up here .
try blncontrol pro , provided your kernel supports bln ( backlight notification ) . it has a schedule function that allows a user to disable bln during the night or a specified period of time along with options to change blink rate as well as time-out of the backlight remaining on as well as a battery threshold beyond which blns will not be activated .
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
i think this might simply be something of a misunderstanding regarding how " download mode " works exactly . when you reboot into download mode , your phone does not automatically reflash itself . it is not capable of doing that , and in general this is a rare feature ( nook tablets can do this , notably , though not with " download mode" ) . instead , it is simply listening for commands from a pc , delivered via the odin or heimdall utilities . the reason your phone has been sitting in download mode for over an hour is because you have not yet told it what to install . again , it will not do anything by itself , so if you did not use odin to install the rom then it is waiting for you to do that . you will need to get odin ( or heimdall ) , find a rom to flash , and then hook your phone up to a computer and actually perform the installation . once that is done , it should reboot into the new rom , but until then it will just hang out in download mode waiting for commands .
there is no manual or faq i have found for the program so i am not certain if this is the way they intended it to be used . it does work , though , and i can not see an alternative method of using usb . you need adb installed along with the proper drivers for your device . this varies with platform and phone , so check google or xda . enable usb debugging on your device -- settings > applications > development > usb debugging plug in , start droid vnc server on a command line , run these commands : adb forward tcp:5801 tcp:5801 adb forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 visit http://localhost:5801 with a browser or point your vnc client to localhost:5901 i do notice that performance is not any better over usb vs a 802.11g , so i would only recommend going to the trouble of this if accessing your device via wifi is not feasible .
i contacted spotify 's customer service . their answer hi sami , thanks for your email , i am sorry to hear you are experiencing problems installing spotify . at present spotify is not compatible with european samsung galaxy tab 8.9 . if you have any other queries , please feel free to contact us and we will be glad to help . many thanks . best wishes , oggy spotify customer service so not supported . i demanded them to mail me when they get the support . i will post here when i receive the possible mail .
i managed to get spotify working by the following method provided by the official suuport : hello there , try directing the browser on your tab to the following page - https://www.spotify.com/download/previews/ - and then downloading the preview version of spotify on android from there . this might get it up and running on your device . please let me know how you get on . kind regards , david spotify customer service
try this : go into your settings and allow apps from external sources . then download the spotify apk from here to your tablet , and run it . no guarantees it will work , but if it does not , it is not going to break anything . edit : it will not create the link for some reason , so here 's the url : www.spotify.com/wp-content/uploads/android/0.4.04/SpotifyAndroid.apk another option is to find the apk on your phone , copy it to your tablet , and run that . it looks like it is just a single apk for both tablet and phone .
if the contact is synced to your google account , you should be able to re-name it to anything you wish . the easiest way is to do it via the web : go to https://gmail.com and login with your google account . on the upper left click on " gmail " and select " contacts " . locate and click on the contact in question . click on their name , make any edits necessary , and click off the field to save changes . wait several minutes for the changes to sync to your mobile device ( s ) , or initiate a manual sync via Settings -&gt; Accounts then pick your google account and toggle the " contacts " checkmark off and then on . google now should now be able to recognize the contact by its new name .
without changing the person 's name in their contacts , adding a " phonetic " name appears to work .
have a look in the ouya store for an app called autopilot , that allows you to specify an app that will run on boot .
i think you had require root for this sort of functionality . if you have ics and later on your device , you can check the data usage and identify apps . go to settings > data usage . a list of apps and the data that they have consumed should be displayed there . that will allow you to see which apps have accessed the mobile data connection . screenshots here - http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/22583/android-ics-control-limit-data-usage/
on your phone go to people . ( or phonebook ) choose your contact card . press menu button/edit . press on your photo/facebook . and it will be updated .
i have found a workable solution for this problem . i installed go locker , which is a custom slide screen lock . follow its initial ( somewhat confusing ) instruction to disable unlocking with the home button , and enable settings -> visual setting -> hide status bar . then when you press the power button to lock the phone , when you unlock you get the go locker screen . the only downside is after your security timeout , you will have to enter your password/pin and then slide to unlock with go locker .
you lost all your contacts as it was tied to the old one , registered a new one , then when ics sync'd , nothing there . . . as it was on a newly registered account . question is what happened to attribute you to getting your previous google account closed ?
the programming support for the fm radio service that is in place within cyanogenmod 7.2 , is probably not compatible with the chipset used in xperia arc s . hence the omission of the fm radio , it supports only broadcom bcm4325 , silicon industry 4708 and 4709 , and lastly texas instrument wl1271 . looking at pdadb .netfor the specification of the handset - the chipset is not documented , so it is proprietary in which case cyanogenmod 7.2 has no support for it , hence the omission of the fm radio . the best bet would be to find the original stock rom dump of that here on xda , extract the radio app ( could be called FMRadio.apk ) from it and push that across to your handset . edit : as confirmed by the op , there are dead links galore on xda . however , i found another linky that may do it ( post #72 ) . ( that is err . . . ics rom dump . . . it might be worth a try . ) edit 2: here 's the radio stuff , you need to install it in this fashion . after unzipping the archive , there are two files , FmRxService.apk , and Radio.apk . plug in the cable to the handset and enter the commands , adb install FmRxService.apk adb install Radio.apk  the radio should now appear in your applications drawer , fingers crossed and good luck . there is no guarantee it will work either . . .
the freexperia team have added fm radio in their latest cm nightlies , and it seems to work .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
thanks , it actually helped ! how to clean the mess in gingerbread contacts . the problem : some contacts were from google , some from phone only , some from skype and some from facebook . so the main problem was that there were contacts which were on the phone but not on google . more over it merged contacts from different services and sometimes incorrectly . i just wanted a universal set google contacts and nothing else . the fix : backup the contacts . in contacts screen > menu> export > sd card . unsynk from google and all other services ( skype , facebook ) : settings> accounts> click account> unsynk contacts only . delete all contacts : contacts> menu> delete> select all> delete . turn the sync back on . get an error message - sync has problems . find this message in the slide down are ( how do you name it ? ) - you grab the top of the screen , slide it down - there are messages . click on the error message . it says " too many deletes . " pick to undelete google contacts . done . result : only google contacts are shown . also , in settings , somewhere , there is a setting to save all new contacts to your google account ( not phone ) , do that . now all contacts are unified and under control . also restore the contacts from sd card ( contacts> menu> import> pick the file you saved , it has 0001 in it ) > this will create duplicates . ( give the sync few minutes to upload all restored contacts to gmail ) go to gmail , contact> remove duplicates , run it few times until all dups are gone . now it is perfect .
i believe bluetooth is the only way to do this . in order to be able to do this via usb the device would need to support usb-otg ( basically be capable of acting as a usb host ) ; given that you are excluding bluetooth , i doubt there would be a device with usb-otg but without bluetooth . you had obviously need a gps capable of sending data over usb , as well .
i have got this working on a fedora 19 install , it is straightforward and worthwhile . . . install virtualization this is documented at https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/getting_started_with_virtualization install package group " virtualization " sudo yum install @virtualization  this installs packages virt-install , libvirt , libvirt-daemon-kvm , qemu-kvm , virt-manager , virt-viewer and deps start kvm and test $ sudo systemctl start libvirtd  ( if your distro uses the service command rather than new-fangled systemctl , you will want use that to start libvirtd instead ) verify that the kvm kernel modules were properly loaded : $ lsmod | grep kvm kvm_amd 55563 0 kvm 419458 1 kvm_amd  you can also verify using the virsh management tool $ sudo virsh list  this gives an empty list e.g.  Id Name State ----------------------------------------------------  you may need to log out and log back in . running the hardware accelerated device i then tried starting a virtual device ( having first downloaded an x86 system image using the sdk manager ) and it seemed fast ( started in ~10 seconds , and ui is snappy ) . however the loading dialog did not display the " hax is working and emulator runs in fast virt mode " message specified by the intel docs . do not be disheartened ; it is a nice thing to see not an end in itself . finesse running on the command line showed an error message . you can run the emulator on the command line in the sdk/tools directory , specifying the avd name ( same as you will see in the virtual device manager ) : [path/to/SDK/tools]$ ./emulator64-x86 -avd &lt;AVD name&gt;Nexus_S_4.0.3_x86 -qemu -m 2047 -enable-kvm  e.g. [path/to/SDK/tools]$ ./emulator64-x86 -avd Nexus_S_4.0.3_x86 -qemu -m 2047 -enable-kvm  this returned the error this can be fixed by adding the tools/lib directory to ld_library_path e.g. by running as [path/to/SDK/tools]$ LD_LIBRARY_PATH=path/to/sdk/tools/lib ./emulator64-x86 -avd Nexus_S_4.0.3_x86 -qemu -m 2047 -enable-kv  summary i am very pleased with how fast this is , and it is well worth the trouble . the emulator starts in 6 seconds on my unspectacular desktop , and runs as nicely as the real hardware .
i use many services for tracking the data related to my apps , for example : how many current active users and much more . for checking the performance of a specific app : if you want to track from your android phone you can use apps like this : app stats for android ( beta ) ( phandroid review ) . and a very great performance online monitoring tool is new relic . it can help you track down the realtime data just by including their small sdk in your app ( if you are a developer ) .
on appbrain , you can find the number of installs right at the beginning of the page for the app : on google play , you will have to scroll a little further down , as with the relaunch the summary has moved to a less ideal position : it is just a raw number of installs done via google play , and does not include other sources ( such as androidpit , pdassi , or amazon ) . i do not know how is dealt with users who installed an app and later uninstalled it , but that number should at least give you a raw idea .
usb debug mode is used by developers to test their apps . if they connect using usb debug mode , they will get debug information about how their app is working on the device .
an android device in " mass storage " mode behaves just like a usb flash drive : it presents itself as an block device that can be mounted ( i.e. " used" ) by the host pc . just like an usb stick does . additionally " usb debug mode " can be enabled , which creates a new usb endpoint for the android debug bridge ( adb ) . this allows an user to get in-deep access to the connected android device and furthermore it allows the debugging of apps . this is the reason why you should never attach an android device with debug mode enabled to an untrustworthy pc . as usb is able to provide more then one endpoint per usb device , this " services " , mass storage and adb , can be used simultaneously .
google probably disables google maps in israel largely for security reasons . google street view in israel was enabled only some time in 2012 . older news reports say that google maps for israel was totally blank from some areas ( especially areas that may attack israel ) . btw , i can see israel in google maps from my place ( philippines ) . related information : why google earth pixelates israel
magic wand at the bottom of google now should do it ( that is if you turned them off ) . if you just flicked the tile away they will be back so do not worry . if not just go into the magic wand menu and set the way you " get around " to another mode of transportation , then change it back to driving .
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
just . . . go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications select the all tab scroll down and find gallery open this entry , tap the clear defaults button
it is not the best i could do but installing brand new gingerbread ( obviously ) solved the problem
normally you would do this from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications . find the app in the list , click it , and choose clear defaults .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
depends how desperate you are for the files . so here is a way to get the files yourself incase nobody else loads up the actual files for you . you will need to do all this on a linux box of your choice . best way to approach this is to download your image file from google https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#hammerheadkrt16m as you can see at the moment there are two builds for the nexus 5 once you download that file unzip that file until you find the img files . there will be one called system . img which will probably contain the files you need . unfortunately the img is compressed any you will need to uncompress that image first . there is a thread over here that discusses this http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1081239 once you have the image that has been uncompressed you should be able to mount it on a loop back device mount -o loop system . raw . img mnt &lt ; - create the mnt directory first then that mounted directory should show you all the files
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
since the answer from gsteinert is a little bit outdated , i will try to give an update : tl ; dr apps on tablet will go to the same filter process as apps on phones on the market . apps that appear on tablets follow the same filtering rules as with phones . developers are given the ability to set attributes for their app in the , so called , manifest . for example : if an app declares that it is , for whatsoever reason , only compatible with small screen sizes , it will not show up on the market on a tablet with greater screen sizes . note that this case is very rare , because most apps that are only designed for small screens will either be upscaled or just use a small amount of the screen . there is also a way to declare an app for honeycomb tablets only .
again an update , as meanwhile flow 's answer also got a little outdated ( lol ) : if you want to filter for good tablet optimized apps , for one there are specialized apps like tablified market or tablet market to help you out . on the other hand , google started to work on this issue meanwhile . so you find a tab titled featured apps for tablets at least on the google play website . for details on this , you might also wish to read google play tablet apps getting special designation ; according to that article , the google play store is now only showing tablet-optimized apps in its top lists when accessed through a tablet .
try pressing the back button when you get an incoming call - that usually makes the caller continue listening to a ringing tone but the ringing on your phone stops . pressing the reject / call end button will make the ringing stop as well as cut the call for the caller . if you had rather stop the ringing / vibration but still want to answer the call after a few seconds ( like walking out of a noisy room etc . ) , press any volume key on the side .
i have had this same problem . to fix it i did the following : uninstall facebook , wipe dalvik cache via recovery , reinstall facebook , reboot device , sign in to facebook .
try switching back to dalvik --> install facebook --> switch back to art . it is working fine for me , i just happened to have installed it before switching to art
root phone delete all files in folder dalvik-cache reboot phone to regenerate cache this deletes useles cache
do not confuse the app-cache with the dalvik cache : app cleaner refers to the app-cache ( e . g . cached files from the internet , aka " webcache " , or from other components of the app ) , while the dalvik cache is .dex files are placed on app installation ( they are an optimized version of the app code ) . so basically you compare apples with oranges . as for your problem : e.g. titanium backup offers to cleanup the dalvik cache . there might be other apps available providing this feature ( e . g . systemcleanup ) , but in all cases this requires root -- unless you want to do a factory reset , which completely cleans the dalvik cache , amongst others .
android no longer natively supports moving apps to sd card . some manufacturers that ship phones with sd card slot ( like samsung , for example ) often do include this functionality . apparently sony is not one of these manufacturers , so you will not be able to use your sd card for app storage with their stock firmware . if you decide to root your device , you will be able to use apps such as link2sd to move apps to your sd card . note that you will need to re-partition your sd card ( and re-format it ) in a special way to be able to take advantage of this feature . you will also not be able to easily swap the sd cards in and out , as it will become an " extension " of your phone 's internal memory .
to answer some of your questions in your comments : the usb specification allows for a fifth channel , otg ( on-the-go ) , to negotiate master/slave relationships . some manufacturers remove the otg channel ( cheapo usb cables are notorious for this ) , and , subsequently , charging negotiation is halted if the device is trying to send data through it . some early samsung phones require the otg channel , and if your cable does not have it ( or it is a bad circuit in that one line ) , then it will not charge . very weird , but , some manufacturers do that .
in my experience , and my extensive reading on the subject , it seems to be related to the charger and not the cable , unless the cable is a non-standard usb cable . samsung does not use a special cable for their micro-usb chargers , only their old devices with the apple-like connector . the usb standard requires handshaking to negotiate more than 500 ma of current . this is not done in a standard way outside of ios devices , so not all manufacturers use the same methods . i believe some samsungs look for a certain voltage on one or two of the pins of the connector , and will not work with other chargers , but i am only guessing . what i have found with , for example , my galaxy tab 3 , is that there are some chargers that will not register no matter what cable i use ( including " charge-only " cables like from mediabridge ) , and other chargers that will not charge it at the full rate unless i use a charge-only cable . my wife 's iphone seems to charge from all the chargers , although i am not sure if it is at the full rate since i have no app to check . i should mention that most aftermarket chargers are designed to work with apple , and not necessarily android , so this is no surprise . my lg g2 , on the other hand , seems to be much less picky , and charges from most every charger i have . tl ; dr , a lot of chargers will not work well , and it is hard to know in advance whether they will .
most probably the usb cable is not supporting the samsung device . not all oem usb cables support other oem android devices . it may work with nokia usb cable but not with the nexus because the design of the pins is not matching . for this you cannot open the usb cable and change the design or something what you can do is to try another oem usb cable like nokia . it will definitely work . for more details check the answer
nexus media importer can restore usb otg support . source .
a good application to do that is the samba filesharing . it shares your sdcard , making it easy to transfer files from/to your phone . settings after installing the application from google play , open it and fill a password by touching the password menu . the default username is sdcard and the default workgroup is workgroup . you can leave it that way or change it in a way that suits you . i would recommend enabling and selecting your wifi in the wifi white list . that way it only enables samba sharing when connected to your preferred network . that done , you only have to go to your network shares and look for a device called android . login name : sdcard pw : ( the one you defined earlier ) open the shared folder and it will ask again for credentials , and you are done . here you have a video that completes this information .
this problem might be caused by some third party application installed on the device . i faced this problem with quite a few applications like " fast file transfer " , " super beam " , etc . applications that require to use the wifi-direct feature seem to create the problem . i uninstalled both the applications and the device wifi was normal again after a reboot .
i have the original transformer eee pad ( great device highly recommend any version of transformer tablets ) . i actually took it to europe this summer ( i live in the us ) and it worked fine except for a couple of things : -as znewman said , you will have to get a converter for the charger ( if you plan to plug it into any sort of outlet ) . -i believe the google play store may be slightly different . i know in france it was ( content such as music and books were unavailable when i tried to access google play from my tablet in france ( i did not try it in the uk ) . it is very possible that this is not the case in the uk but you should be aware of it . yes , gps and wifi work just as well . i tried both in england with out a hitch . hope this helps clear things up .
the transformer pad infinity itself would function fine in the uk . you would probably have an issue with the us charger and would need to get an adapter or charge via usb . as far as i can tell gps and wifi should work the same no matter where in the world you are .
this will remove all data like contacts and images stored in phone memory , apps with their saved data etc . but you will be able to use you phone . 1 ) press volume down key + power key simultaneously keep pressing until android symbol appears ( triangle box ) . 2 ) leave the keys . 3 ) press ( volume up ) button for menu options to appear . 4 ) select ( wipe data/ reset factory ) option . 5 ) press power key to select the chosen option . this will make the phone as it was , when you first took it out from the box .
if you took a backup of your rom before updating , then you can restore the backup . alternatively , if your phone is rooted then you can download a stock jelly bean rom from somewhere like xda and flash it .
sounds like a hardware problem ( assuming the lines extend all the way across the screen ) . could just be a bad connection .
there is a timer included in the standard clock since android 4.2 . however , you can not store your timers with that one .
until android 4.2 there is no stock countdown timer , with android 4.2 there will be one . some alternative interfaces like touchwiz ( samsung devices ) have added a countdown timer for a long time , but stock android ( aosp ) had this first in 4.2 .
i have downloaded the free kitchentimer from googleplay that is available for android 2.1 and up . it has 3 independant timers that can give an alert sound and/or vibrate after the timer has finished .
there is not a countdown app built in to android , but there are a ton to choose from on the android market .
i have the htc amaze , my android version is 4.0.3 . it has a timer built into the clock screen tabs . so it may be dependent on your phone itself , not just the android version .
there is definitely a built-in stopwatch for android ( htc ) 4 . with my old android 2.3 , i used " stopwatch and countdown timer " . it seems complex , but it works well .
you could do this with picasa . simply create an upload account for the photographer , ( you could then upload from your computer or directly from your phone ) and choose to share the album or individual pictures with the viewer ( s ) via private link .
you should check with the manufacturer of your device if they have an official upgrade available . if so , they will either provide the download ( with installation instructions ) themselves , or forward you to your carrier 's support . if there is no official upgrade , your only option is to find out if there are any 3rd-party roms available from android community developers . best places to look for such roms are xda-developers forums or rootzwiki , for example . keep in mind that installing custom roms usually involves modifications to your phone that will void your warranty with the carrier and/or manufacturer .
tasks works great for me . it has a free and paid version .
astrid works fine with google tasks . it syncs with google tasks and can work offline .
i have been using irt gtasks outliner that gives you an offline outliner that syncs with gtasks . it is currently in beta but have been quite stable for the month or so i have used it .
virtually any of the apps in the play store which interact with google tasks will have this functionality . that said , i have been using and quite happy with google tasks organizer . ( there is also a free " lite " version . )
gtasks allows you to work with you task list offline on your phone and then sync when you have internet as do most task managers that sync with google tasks . i have never tried any of the others but i can say from experience that gtasks works well .
i would place the images in the /pictures folder , but there is no real ' best practice ' as far as i know . that is the fun thing about android , you can place the pictures wherever you want , you will be able the access them in every picture application . so you place them where you would think they belong , if you need them later . you can make the necessary folders and normally android will organize them according to the folder where it is in . at least that is the case on my phone , but i have another phone ( htc one x , so maybe htc added this feature ) . btw , I switched from iOS to android deserves a +1 :- )
please feel free to use a folder structure which suits you . it is better if you create a seperate folder for pictures , inside media folder or on the primary folder itself . ( where the folders such as dcim and media are located . ) as your title asks , there are no hard and fast methods to transfer data to your phone . standard file transfer safety measures apply . about keeping seperate folders , do not use too many folders which might result in slowing down the phone . no matter where you put the images , the album app finds them . ( just make sure that you do not copy them in to folders that you do not know of ) have fun with android .
i can personally recommend free forever gone ( sd card cleaner ) . it is not paid app and it has : much better rating no suspicious permissions 100x times bigger user base often updates
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
the picture you are looking for is /data/system/users/0/photo . png just delete it to get rid of it . god bless .
go into the people or contacts app . at the top of the list is a heading me with a special item to set up my profile . click that item and it takes you to the " new contact " screen . on this screen , to the right of the " name " field , there is a little grey " contact icon " box . if you click that you can replace the photo with a picture from the gallery or by taking a photo .
sim cards only support one number for each contact , so you should be better off exporting the contacts on your micromax device as contacts . vcf ( export to sd card / something like that ) and opening the vcf on your moto g to commence import .
move them in another way for example you can sync your contacts with your gmail account and when you add your gmail account to the moto g the contacts will be automatically trasfered this is the best way you can also try wondershare mobiletrans
one way to do this ( although i can not say it will be too easy ) is to create your own custom ime ( input method editor ) . while it may seem like a daunting task , and there is a good chance that it is , you are not the only one who wants their own input method . so here is a pretty popular stack overflow that could help you out : how to develop a soft keyboard
the gpsfix app is known for this kind of spam ( see its comments on the playstore ) , even antivirus/antimalware apps classify it as adware ( taken from those comments , again ) . hence , my recommendation is : optionally post a comment on the playstore to warn other users uninstall that app delete that icon ( do not " start " it , as you cannot know where it takes you -- it might introduce more problems ) these kind of trouble-makers are no unknowns . please see the questions tagged malware to find similar reports . the playstore has enough replacement apps not offering those " unwanted side-effects " ( take e.g. a look at gps status and toolbox ) . so no need to shed any crocodile tears over that one app : )
google docs sounds like a reasonable solution . it is lightweight , flexible , and editable both on a desktop and on a phone . introducing complex location tracking applications to organize a group of volunteers seems like an overkill .
it works with opera mobile , it should be the same for opera mini . you can try this : go to the default android browser apps settings and click on " clear defaults " if settings in opera mini has a " set as default " check box , select it open a link with a browser and select opera mini as default if the above does not work : uninstall androids default browser
one can not simply uninstall android stock browser . because it should be installed as a system app . if you are rooted , then you can .
this is a known issue with the market / apps accounts . i believe google has upgraded some apps accounts to allow market purchases , but if yours has not been upgraded then i believe you are out of luck and should create a regular google account to use with the market .
i know this is late , but i have the same kind of phone , and came across the same problem . honestly , if you have that many messages and still want to delete them , the best way to do so is to set the screen fade out to never , plug it into the charger , and delete the messages while you are sleeping . by the time you wake up the loading circle will be gone , along with all the messages you deleted . hope this helps !
late reply , but i just experienced the same thing and used a different approach to fix this problem which may work for others . i am not sure what caused this issue--never really looked at my texting settings before . but below is what worked for me when restarting , and deleting data did nothing for me . i went to running applications , found the texting application ( mine was multi-touch keyboard ) , selected it , went to settings , changed the input method to " swype " , then closed out . this stopped the keyboard from locking whenever i went to input txt into any application .
handcent sms is the most oft-recommended sms replacement app on this site , so it is probably good to try . if you have no issues with it , then i would assume it is just a buggy sms app that you have and not a deeper problem . if you do not mind losing all your messages you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , finding the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) , and clearing the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . i do not know of any app that will improve performance of the existing app , and replacing a messaging app can be tricky . i would recommend a custom rom that has had some of these bugs worked out . this xda topic has a good overview of roms for your device .
turn it off and then , when you are turning it on press power + q in same time .
odin , firmware , no battery no usb cord , put the battery on , power+e for 10 seconds , connect to pc , and odin maybe will recognize it .
if he can still access your email , you could send some url or image in a mail and check the ip or location from where its being accessed .
first of all there can only be one admin for a whatsapp group . if you choose to delete the group and remove yourself , one of the member in the group is selected in random and that member will become the new admin . in this case , somehow your account got deactivated . hence you were removed from the group . someone else in the group will be the admin now . since there is no direct way to transfer adminship of a whatsapp group , you can ask the current admin to add you back .
well , it might be that you have a lot of stuff that filled up your storage . deleting a little might not help . try deleting some stuff like , videos you made from camera , apps you never used , or other . if your not comfortable with it , then you have to try get an sd card . it can be your only solution .
i had this error , and after clearing up some memory i was able to install apps again . i guess it is a feature : if your available memory is less than 500 mb , it wont install anything .
duplicate of play store 4.9.13 insufficient storage error and icon issues but my rep can not comment yet , so i will repeat my answer : the correct answer to this problem , and i always see wrong explanations , is that you have a duplicate /data/app-lib folder for the app or apps that are giving you that error . to fix : using adb , terminal , or root explorer : compare /data/app to /data/app-lib you will see , for example : /data/app/example-app-1 . apk /data/app-lib/example-app-1 /data/app-lib/example-app-2 or /data/app/example-app-2 . apk /data/app-lib/example-app-1 /data/app-lib/example-app-2 so for 1st example remove directory : /data/app-lib/example-app-2 and for 2nd example remove directory : /data/app-lib/example-app-1 then your app will install just fine ! always remember to keep the same numbers , if the apk is 1 remove 2 . . . if the apk is 2 remove 1 !
when connected to lte , the phone is also separately connected to the gsm network for voice . voice does not go over lte so switching your data to wcdma ( hspa ) will not make any difference in the quality of voice calls , unless you are using voip calling . there is not much you can do to boost the signal other than not using a case or if you do , stick to a thin tpu case that is just colored ( ie no carbon fiber or chrome or wood or metal ) . if it is at your home , you may be able to see if your carrier offers a network extender . the network extender plugs into your home internet and emulates a small cell tower in your house .
not a nice solution , but if you have to access those videos regularly for a long time , you could find the thumbnail files and edit them so you could tell the videos apart . also you could find another application which displays the title as well , or an animated preview . vlc player and mobo player function well for me .
what might be causing this : the issue is with the new rom . what company it is of ? for example , i tried cyanogen 10.1 in htc hd2 , and it was running perfect . but had a little speed issue , as when i started gprs connection by sim card , the phone started to hang out . but that is not the subject . the main issue here is the internet connection . or the data connection ( access point ) error . you might be setting access point which are not correct . try to get some help from the network provider or read some blogs online , to check what settings would work for your phone . android phones have same settings all around , so that means a setting for sony xperia would work in samsung galaxy too . what you should do : i tried another rom in my current phone , qmobile noir a8 . it was letting me use internet before the rom update , so i was worried what to do ? as i was also able to use wifi , but not the data connection . so i first tried to do a factory reset . but all in vain , as i was having the rom that has been installed , and my stock rom was no more in memory . so i tried to get help from there site , incpak , no help ! then i tried to check my phone 's settings . in settings i saw that there is no access point set . so i entered the configurations of my sim card 's grps there , and restarted the data connections . bravo ! i was able to get the internet now ! : ) try to get some help from the people who created this rom , if this is a rom created by someone who said : " i will not be responsible if you brick your device . " then you have no idea what mess you are in to now . go find a new rom for your phone as this aint gonna work . but if you got a rom from someone like cyanogen then you can get some help by contacting them . or you try the first method i posted . i am sure , you will get set by that one . if not , then try to edit the settings . that is all what an android phone can get issues with .
have you enabled javascript in Settings -&gt; Advanced -&gt; Enable JavaScript ? the site works normally for me on ics stock browser on my galaxy s .
it turns out my probably was solved by something as simple as clearing my cache . which makes me feel pretty stupid , because i should have done that before even bothering to ask . i never suspected this could happen straight out of the box , guess i was wrong .
something like that would have to be done in a custom rom , there is no way in the api to do that . i would suggest looking at something like widget locker to put a slider on your lock screen that takes you straight to your voice recorder app .
you can use the ping utility from terminal emulator or adb shell . also : https://market.android.com/search?q=pingso=1c=apps
you have lost the efs file that contains the serial number
this looks like you have a tablet with sim lock . you have to unlock your tablet to use another sim card ( or a sim card from another provider ) . you have to contact the provider which has sold the tablet for the first time .
no more unwanted unlock screen . something might have been wrong with the firmware .
your screenshot is information regarding a specific app on an android device and how much space that app uses . saving a text file in /mnt/sdcard will not have an effect on the numbers you see here . depending on your phone and what version you have , you can usually go to Settings &gt; Storage to see you memory usage .
if you like it the phone is rootable via vroot . i have tested it for myself and it works . just remember to replace the super user app with an english one after rooting . sorry i forgot the link . here it is http://vrootdownload.info/vroot.zip if adb drivers bothers you , use pda net http://pdanet.co/a/ sorry again one more thing , i honestly do not think that erodov . com method works . i failed to get it right on any device , but that trick of editing system files without root is great for changing the boot animation or installing sinhala fonts without busting the warranty
steps taken from http://www.erodov.com/forums/how-root-any-android-device-manually/43325-page2.html . many thanks to the author of that post . to verify adb is properly installed and that your device is recognized run adb devices  copy busybox , su , superuser . apk to /data/local/tmp/ using adb . these files are available in the superoneclick zip file . copy the needed files to the phone using the following commands adb push busybox /data/local/tmp adb push su /data/local/tmp adb push Superuser.apk /data/local/tmp  run adb shell adb shell  set the permissions to the copied files chmod 6755 /data/local/tmp/su chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/busybox chmod 644 /data/local/tmp/Superuser.apk  turn off your android device using the power button . now you need to reboot your computer into a linux distro which has a file manager . when you have booted into linux , open up terminal and open the file browser as root . now put your android device into download mode . for innos a35 press and hold the volume up and down keys at the same time for a while ( 5 seconds ? ) and while holding them plug in the phone to the usb port of the computer . now , a few drives will be detected from your phone and shown in the computer . this means you are in download mode . navigate to the folder where you copied files to the phone and verify that you have the files you sent to the device viz . su , busybox and superuser . apk move/cut-paste su and busybox to /bin/ move/cut-paste superuser . apk to /app/ now pull out the battery from your android device . now simply turn on your device . you must now have root . verify by running : adb shell su  read more : http://www.erodov.com/forums/how-root-any-android-device-manually/43325-page2.html#ixzz2s5wct78x
i do have such profiles runnning just fine . when you define the context for the profile , you need to set an event and not a state for a certain variable set or variable clear .
just want to point out that it is a little different from the accepted answer on my phone , although i could not have found it without the accepted answer . on mine , i : go to the phone app went to settings quick responses hope that helps .
1 ) go to phone app 2 ) tap overflow menu ( triple verticle dots ) > settings 3 ) tap quick responses
the folders are already there , by default your inbox is shown , while inside your inbox , choose menu => folders and you will see a list of all your corporate folders . pick one to switch to viewing it .
if you just want to disable the talk notifications and use messaging for everything , it should be as simple as opening google talk , going to its settings , then disabling im notifications .
after the latest update , the samsung messaging app provides an option to disable google talk messages . exactly what i was looking for .
go into the gmail app . from the overflow menu ( the three dots in the corner ) , choose settings . in the settings window , choose the gmail account you are using . ( if you have more than one account , do the following for each in turn . ) notifications is the third option down . turning it off will disable mail notifications . in general , you should look for a notification setting inside the app first , and use the settings app 's show notifications option as a last resort for apps that will not behave . if you disable notifications within an app , it can save battery power by not creating the notification at all , and possibly by turning off some background syncing in that app . if you use android 's override , the app still fetches all the data and creates the notification , which wastes battery power when android throws the notification away . as a footnote , i guess that the reason you can not find gmail in the apps list is that you are looking in the list of downloaded apps . that list does not show apps that came with the phone . swipe right twice from that list to see the list of all apps , which includes gmail . you can also get to the app info quickly by long-pressing a notification from that app and clicking app info .
i found the solution . i had a xposed module named accountsectionremover active . my fault !
quick fix is Settings-&gt; apps-&gt; all apps-&gt; google maps-&gt; uninstall update
you would have to use your emergency backup codes you should have printed out : backup code page . these are one-time use codes that google recommends you print for emergencies to access your google account to unlock your phone . additional information for methods of gaining account access .
to regain access to your phone , first you have to regain access to your account on a computer . like dylan said , this can be done using your one-time backup codes . ( you saved those codes , right ? ) once you have done that , generate a new application-specific password . ( https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens or account settings -> security -> 2-step verification settings -> manage application-specific passwords . ) use this new password to log into your phone . you can safely revoke the old application-specific password that you had previously used on your phone .
ah , cripes . i do not know what on earth put this .nomedia file on the root of my sd card . problem fixed .
facebook go to settings> sync contacts> remove facebook data skype settings> sync contacts> do not sync gmail not all devices allow to delete gmail contacts from phone , but you can always hide them doing like this . open contacts> right tap> more options> display settings> google> uncheck all groups .
you have to sync your google calender after you add the events to your calender . settings> google account> sync calender after that refresh google now , it should show the calenders .
try hard reset . with the device off , press and hold volume up and power . release the power button when you see the samsung logo , but continue to hold volume up until the recovery screen appears . use the volume buttons to navigate the menu and select wipe data / factory reset . press home to choose the selection . press volume up continue . note : these steps clear data from the device . sd card data like your photos and music are not erased unless you choose to format the sd card .
ok seems adb shell ran-as "package-name" ...  should do the trick , but because of a bug , this cannot be done on 4.3 system . bug : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=58373
the only way of doing this is recompiling adb as explained here : http://rxwen.blogspot.com/2009/11/adb-for-remote-connections.html you can also use the precompiled binaries from that site . .
this is a bug in the current implementation . although adb has the -a flag , it does not forward it to the daemon when it launches it , so the daemon still only listens on localhost . until this is fixed , launching the daemon in the foreground seems to be the only solution . another improvement would be to keep the command server on localhost , but to allow adb forward to bind to all ports . i guess i should open a bug for that .
if your previous device was setup to backup your personal data such as wifi passwords , browser bookmarks , user dictionary , a list of installed market applications and other customized settings , all is backed up to google 's servers . the automatic restore feature must be enabled to allow your phone to contact google 's servers an retrieve the previous backup data . so , carefully , access the settings panel by : stating at your home screen , select apps ; select settings ; go to personal section , select backup and reset ; from the backup and restore section configure what you need : ensure the appropriate account is selected from the backup account field before attempting any configuration settings . some important considerations : a setting is enabled when a check mark is present . if data back up is disabled , existing backups are deleted from google 's servers . useful and related reading : backup and restore service : android google backup and restore options - galaxy nexus by samsung
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
i just had a look and found several apps that i would never installed because they were pre-installed on one of my devices . i think that these may be apps that came with one device or another , but that you never noticed or made use of . in my ' other apps ' , i can see several pre-installed apps that i have disabled on my acer tablet . i suspect you are seeing the same thing , but that you paid even less attention to the pre-installed stuff than i did .
you can play movies straight from google play after you have bought them ; music , go to music . google . com and you can stream and download your music . if you want to get the hd versions , you can download on your phone/tablet and then pull it , i think . never actually tried it with movies , but i have done it with music before .
ics has issues on some devices with wireless-n . my acer a500 works properly , but my 2 xperia phones kill my router instantly if i use the n-draft protocol . so , try deactivating n-draft mode in your android device or your router , then it sohuld work .
developer update the app , and it works now .
short answer : yes , it is possible . different techniques can be used for this purpose ( some of them are described e.g. in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android ) . it especially gets easy when usb debugging is turned on . long answer : please forgive me if i do not give this . just a hint : there are exploits , and there are custom recovery images . . .
i found this link to be useful . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=775911 essentially , you have to remove the battery , sim card and the microsd card . then wait for a while and put everything back and connect the phone to the pc running kies recovery . it worked for me , although its not clear to me what really clicked it .
from what you have written it appears that your phone has been " bricked . " the computer that you were using to perform your kies update via the usb connection was not capable of handling the update and unfortunately your phone has become inoperable .
from the comments it sounds like you have gotten back to download mode , so that is good . if not , try different button combinations in conjunction with battery removes and being plugged/unplugged into usb . something should get you there . once you are in download mode you are probably going to need odin to fix your device . you can use my instructions here for odin .
remove true caller or similar app from ur cell , restart the phone it will be ok . . . tried my self .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync , select your corporate ( exchange ) account , and uncheck sync calendar .
try updating your jawbone 's firmware and see if that fixes it . you can also try installing jawbone companion and see if that helps . it does not have the og droid listed as being compatible when i click on install on the google play site , it has my og droid as one of the options so it is worth a shot .
1 ) take the s3 's battery out for 30 minutes . 2 ) then , reinsert the battery and use samsung odin to wipe the s3 and install a new android firmware by doing : a . if you have not installed the usb drivers for your s3 , then install samsung mobile phones usb drivers 1.5.33 . exe . otherwise , skip this step . for windows os , you can download the samsung usb drivers for mobile devices here ( using bittorent ) , or here ( straight download ) . b . shut down your phone . c . boot your phone into download mode i.e. hold volume down + home + power buttons down simultaneously . then , press volume up button to initiate download mode . d . plug in phone 's usb cable : one end into your phone 's connector and the other to your pc 's usb port or hub . e . open odin3 ( this version runs in windows only ) and check only " auto reboot " and " f . reset time " options . note : download odin from here . f . click the " pda " button and select " . tar " . then hit the " start " button and wait . g . once odin3 signalled " pass ! " , unplug phone 's usb cable . your s3 now has the new android firmware . 3 ) once the firmware is installed , do a factory reset . 4 ) wipe internal sd card , too , in case of rogue softwares lying around . 5 ) if you have an external microsd card installed in your s3 , wipe this card as well . note : backup any personal files ( photos , music , etc ) before the wipe .
burn the hardware . if it is dug itself in deeply enough to survive a factory reset and installing a new os from scratch , then there is no way you can trust this hardware again .
android_id is stored in the settings database and will be deleted by a factory reset . as far as i know most apps are tied to your google account and not to your android_id . ( although i know at least one app which tied to your android_id )
accuweather has two apps that give you " realfeel " - accuweather and accuweather quick .
the samsung n5110 is the galaxy note 8 . the " espresso10wifi " is a galaxy tab 2 10.1 ( your device ) . it is not flashing because you are flashing the wrong file for your device .
this was fixed somehow after switching back to cyanogenmod 7.1 . sorry i do not know exactly what caused it , but for anyone with the problem , i would suggest flashing a more stable rom ( if you are rooted ) .
i just had the same problem today . i went through all the steps you did as well , but eventually , had to resort to the factory reset to get it to stop forcing the airplane mode on me . hope someone can figure this out so i dont have to keep factory resetting should it happen again .
i had the exact same problem since yesterday , but my mobile is galaxy s2 , this post was the solution : http://www.inflightmagazine.co/?p=351 i am not sure if it will work on galaxy s , but would not harm to give it a try the author refers to two steps to solve the problem , i would add the following steps between step 1 and step 2 install busybox from the play store open busybox after rooting , grant it superuser permissions click install on the left bottom corner of the screen you will be asked to use smart install vs normal install . . i chose the first option , not sure if it makes any difference if you pick the second one proceed to step 2
you can do this with adb ( android debug bridge ) . enable " usb debugging " on the phone ( settings > applications > development > usb debugging ) type adb reboot in a terminal in the directory where you installed adb platform-tools
hold the power button down until it shuts off . pull the battery out .
it was eventually fixed by stopping the downloads app in settings - app - all . i did a force stop on the downloads app , and then rebooted and it was fine . go to settings - app - all go to the ' downloads ' app click ' force stop ' clear cache if button is highlighted , other wise leave it reboot device
try force stopping the play store application from the settings menu and see if that removes it . facebook photo upload often gets stuck in my notification bar and force stopping removes that .
some videos on youtube are not available to mobile devices . this restriction applies via the website ( when accessed through a mobile device ) as well as the youtube app . this happens when someone has filed a " copyright claim " against a video ( that is , they believe the video infringes their copyright , or " content id " matched the video against some copyrighted content , most likely the latter given that you are searching for a commercial music recording ) , and the alleged copyright-holder has told youtube to allow their content to be used on desktops but not on mobile . even if it is possible to work around this , it would probably be illegal for us to make this information available to us citizens , because that is circumventing a technological restriction under the meaning of the dmca . this applies regardless of whether the copyright claim is well-founded . you can get the actual song by buying a recording of it , or by downloading it through some music-pirating service .
okay . . . this is a common problem with an easy solution . . . . so first of all you need to make sure you do nothave any firewall , driodwall app cause they block the media server which is heavily needed by youtube . secondly if your problem is not solved try installing the latest flash player . also , if you are on wifi , go to the settings of the wifi you are connected to , open up the settings , advanced settings , and then i . p settings then select dhcp . if you are on data go to the settings and try ticking/unticking the apns on the wap of your operators . . . .
i believe it is for displaying photos , videos , etc . uploaded by the contact on facebook , twitter , et al . edit : confirmed , it shows facebook photos uploaded by my contacts from facebook .
the closest i have found to what you are after is just using my phone in landscape mode , using the adobe app and pinch zooming in until the text fills the width of the screen . not sure what you mean about ' locks everything ' . perhaps you are referring to the fact that when you scroll the text it scrolls left/right ( unless you have robotic fingers which are capable of not moving left/right at all whilst scrolling vertically ) , which i find a little annoying .
ezpdf costs 1 dollar but is realy worth it you can lock the scroll from the menu - the zoom setting is automatically saved and you can go to the next page by pressing the small arrow on the lower right
ezpdf does exactly what you need . . . .
mantano reader does everything you want . it uses the same engine as adobe reader mobile ( adobe reader mobile sdk ) , so it is very fast even on arm v8 ( initial samsung galaxy tab ) . it has some problems with color saturation though .
the problem is with the individual files , not the app . if the file supports it , you can use the reflow text view in adobe reader which locks the width and allows you to zoom while still seeing the full width of the page . some files do not support this . others only support it to a certain level of zoom . apps that try to overide the docs settings can cause those inconsistencies you mentioned . i have found beam reader to be the most powerful pdf reader but my trial ran out and i was not willing to pay $10 for it .
use ezpdf . 1 ) make custom size 2 ) go to menu and press lock horizontal scroll ( will be locked until you will try to change zoom by double click or menu ) 3 ) check that you have " change page with vertical scroll " . therefore you have sized page as you need and you can scroll vertically tested on samsung i9100 galaxy s ii .
try vudroid . it is free software . ( i have issues with it on my pd novel as it seems to not like resistive screens , but it is fine on my phone . ) another option is droidreader which i have not tried .
in ezpdf , the " ln " means there is a link on the page , and the " sf " means you have horizontal scrolling locked ( i have no idea what the f actually stands for ) . those overlays annoy me too , so i am going to decompile the apk and remove that text . that should solve the problem !
the dev version of the apv pdf viewer ( apv-0.3.3dev01 ) can do exactly what you want .
ezpdf has an option to remove this overlay : bring up the popupmenu , tick settings . in the link section there is a checkbox marked " indicate link " . uncheck and the ln overlay is gone . version 1.9.5.3
i really find apv pdf viewer much better than all the famous readers . on top of that , it is open source ( google code project page ) .
my further investigation indicates that the nexus 4 toolkit is not the best one to use - in fact it does not seem to work at all with 4.2.2 . instead , the nexus root toolkit seems to work well with 4.2.2 and is basically a one-click installer . download from the linked page and run it ; it will do the rest by itself and/or give you simple instructions when needed . update : i have just completed the rooting process with this tool . worked well and was simple enough . note that after completing the process , i had to download and install the Superuser app from the play store - this step was not completely evident , but simple to do .
there are sevelar volume booster available on the google playstore , as e.g. speaker boost or volume booster ( for more alternatives , try this search ) . you might want to give one of them a try .
i just solved this issue , after a lot of search the normal picasa page takes you to google + and it does not show the empty folders etc . you have to use picasa mobile https://picasaweb.google.com/m login , and you can delete whatever you want
there is a tool in the play store that can manage picasa contents : perfect tool for picasa . and i could delete the extra directories using it .
you can have a look at servers ultimate on play . the ssh server itself works on all devices and command line works on arm and x86 . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.icecoldapps.serversultimate
turning the device off when you leave your car is possible : there are various apps , for example tasker , that can react to events on your phone , for example when the external power supply is switched off . also , there exists a command reboot -p that shuts the device down . ( but it needs root i think . ) tasker is able to run such a shell command , see here ( just ctrl+f for " run" ) . with this solution , whenever you switch off your car , the external power supply for the device will stop and your phone will power off . i do not know if there is a way to boot the phone with a command via usb if it is really switched off . if this is important for you , the best option is probably to just leave it on standby , as tomg suggested .
the " power " button on android tablets does not behave like that on a computer . it is really a control for whether the display is on or off , not the tablet , which is generally always on . you may be able to get what you want by setting the " stay awake while power is connected " setting under developer options , and setting the screen timeout to a short value under display settings ; if you connect the charging cable to a power source that goes on and off with the ignition , you should be good to go . if the standby time of your tablet is not enough to handle your typical time with the ignition off , you may want to use an app like tasker or locale to set additional rules , like turning wifi or cell connection off when the car 's power is off . if there is data you want to sync overnight , you could turn wifi on ( for example ) an hour before you leave for work . you may also want to disable the screen lock to minimize distractions while driving , but keep in mind the implication if you have any personal information on the tablet .
the emulator is a program on your computer like any other . the program can connect to the internet in just the same way firefox can . in particular , this means it makes no difference what kind of connection the host is using . from inside the emulator , there is a ' fake ' network driver . it appears to android like a mobile internet connection , but instead of communicating with a cellular modem , it is actually using the usual network api of your host os to send and receive data , just like firefox . it also does emulator-specific things like simulating packet loss .
i have followed this tutorial on my tf101 http://www.transformerforums.com/forum/asus-transformer-tf101-development/31927-frederuco-s-guide-root-rom-tf101.html and it works by the way , are talking about the tf101 ?
step 1 : download and install the android sdk , connect your device , and start adb : as of this stage , it shows one icon in your system tray . step 2 : enable usb debug mode click the system tray , wireless icon , settings and go to Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB Debugging . step 3 : play ? [ screen 1 ] [ screen 2 ] [ screen 3 ] Done. Your tablet is now rooted. Enjoy!. $ ./adb shell # su #  that works ! you are now rooted .
ok , so it turns out that you need a different boot . img file for the motorola xoom wifi only model than for the 3g model . click here for instructions if you have a 3g model click here for instructions if you have the wifi only model ( including how to fix it if you have already tried using the wrong boot . img and you are being stared at by a non-responsive boot screen that has the moto logo and the words ' dual core technology' )
click gallery > click any folder , e.g. camera > click any photo now the photo is shown full screen . click slideshow in the left-down of screen . ( it may be hidden . touch the screen to let it show . ) ( after a while ) touch the screen to stop rolling .
there is no official way to install a " pure android " rom : the only official rom is that provided by the manufacturer . as sameer says in the comments , you can disable bloatware apps from the settings , with almost the same effect as uninstalling them . if you want to start from a clean slate , you should look for an aosp-based custom ( unofficial ) rom . although they are not always as reliable as the manufacturer 's rom , because they are made by third-party volunteers , for the more popular devices with better manufacturer support they can be very reliable and even better tuned than the original rom . start your search at where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
i think this is more than enough . flashing your rom again should be more than sufficient . this not only allows fresh installations of any old apps to prevent spyware , but also dormant any other app data from existing apps to be largely overwritten or deemed as corpses . you can also perform a cleanup using sd maid just to be sure .
this answer was suggested as an edit by an anonymous user , but should stand on its own . first you have to locate the droidvncserver executable file on your device . on a nexus s it is in this directory : /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files  then you have to set the execution right on the executable file ( it is a unix subutility ) from pc using adb . exe . in a command line window ( from the appropriate android sdk folder ) you can type : adb.exe shell chmod 766 /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files/androidvncserver  ( this has to be to done only once , for further detail on chmod command type man chmod in google ) then you will be able to launch vnc server directly from your pc using adb . exe : adb.exe shell /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files/androidvncserver  additionnaly to connect your vncviewer using the usb cable type in another command line window : adb.exe forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 
use adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.Main -n org.onaips.vnc/.MainActivity outside the shell , and the vnc server will start .
adb shell cd /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files chmod 766 androidvncserver androidvncserver 
lookout free security anti-virus , anti-malware , anti-spyware backup contacts backup restore data to existing phone missing device find phone ( locate and scream ) support standard support paid ( $2.99/month or $29.99/year ) security block phishing and malicious websites protect your privacy with privacy advisor backup photo , call history backup transfer data to new phone missing device remote wipe remote lock support premium support avg free security scan whole device and identify and remove viruses with a simple click automatic scans can be run weekly , daily , or on demand check apps for malware before downloading from app stores check web content , emails , and sms for malware before downloading to device theft protection locate lost or stolen device using gps create and display onscreen message remotely lock device and wipe content manage applications remotely sms spam protection basic protection from sms spammers paid ( $9.99 one time charge ? ? ? ) premium sms security all text messages checked for malicious content and spam in real time text message spam blocked at source vip support anti-virus pro customers receive premium level support whenever they need it no disruption anti-virus pro is free of advertising and other disruptions
if you see the # in the prompt , that means you have got root access . so i would assume the process to be finished then . browsing the linket xda thread : after this " step 6" comes a " big free space " , indicationg something new is starting . and in fact , step 7+8 describe the unlock process for the bootloader . so yes , if you were just after root , you have got it at that point .
full htc desire hd ( sense 3.0/android 2.3.5 ) guide to root , s-off/sim unlock that guide is a step by step instruction to have your device with root access , s-off and sim unlock . to achieve that you need to complete all the steps mentioned . answer : to have root access on your device , you can stop at the step you have mentioned . if you want to flash your device , you will need to complete all the steps . better insights what is root ? root , in the simplest terms , is the ability for an application to run with permissions that allow it to access everything . what is s-off ? in simplest terms , s-off on htc devices is the ability to flash unsigned code that modifies the kernel , boot , and radio partitions from recovery . unsigned code is code that has not come from htc directly , or has been modified in transit . having s-off does not mean that you have root . root is a function of a superuser application .
if you are using windows , usb should be your best bet . but several distros of linux does not support mtp protocol ( ics and above ) and hence , you can not mount your android to those computers . there are a number of methods which you can use for wireless file transfers . my favorites : install airdroid - this is a very simple app which converts your device into a lightweight web-server . after installation , connect your pc to your android over wifi hotspot or existing infrastructure wifi network . airdroid will give you a web address . just type it in your pc web browser and you would get a nice file management interface for your phone . use any ftp server for android ( like remote file management tool of es file explorer ) - the connectivity method is the same as mentioned above . here you can use ftp for file transfer over usb ( tethering mode ) or wifi ( hotspot mode ) . this is very handy if you are using ubuntu ( due to ftp client integration in nautilus ) . in ubuntu , press ctrl + l and type the ftp://:/ in file path . you should get full sd card mounted as network drive . i have been using the second method since past few months . since android wifi access point always gives the same ip , i have managed to put everything in a bash script to facilitate one click mount . bash script : #!/bin/sh nautilus ftp://&lt;device_ip&gt;:&lt;port_no&gt;/  do not forget to grant ' execute ' permission to your shell script ! sudo chmod 777 &lt;path_to_your_script&gt; 
email yourself the files . it is often the easiest solution .
when you connect your android phone to the windows pc you will get notification in notification in notification panel of android . tap on it and choose mobile device (MTP) to browse the contents of your phone both internal and external memory will be shown . the below link will give you a short description about it : http://blog.armazine.com/2012/how-to-change-from-mtp-to-mass-storage-mode-in-android-xperia-ray/
there are a lot of different ways to get files to/from computer to android device . here i would like to share three methods frequently used : 1 . transfer files using usb cable . 2 . wireless transfer using cloud storage . 3 . transfer files via wifi or mobile networks . the following is the detailed intro of these three ways . transfer files using usb cable the most direct and simplest way to transfer a file from your pc to android phone is using the usb cable . most of the phones we bought equip with a compatible cable , so there’s no need for you to buy one . just connect your pc and your android using the cable , and you will see there’s a message on the phone screen asking what do you want to do . choose the option that allows using the phone as a storage device , and you’re good to go . transferring file is as simple as copying the file from your pc to a usb drive . note : the exact format of the message varies , depending on the manufacturer or your telecom carrier of your android phone , but different roads lead to the same destination . wireless transfer using cloud storage cloud storage is famous for online collaboration and easily sharing data across multiple devices , like file servers , desktops and mobile devices . so using cloud storage to transfer files is also a convenient way . most of the big players , such as dropbox , google drive and skydrive , provide free spaces to users , which is big enough to transfer your commonly used files . all you have to do is to register a free account . and install the pc client and app for your android phone . each app designates a hard drive folder , and anything saved on your pc will be automatically synced to the cloud and other devices . transfer files via wifi or mobile networks some people may think connecting android device to pc with the usb cable is annoying , or using the cloud services is not reliable enough , here i will introduce you another method , using wifi . most people have wifi networks at their workplace or home , so it’s really convenient . there are lots of apps allow you to use the wifi to transfer files . let’s take one of them-wifi file transfer -for an example . all you have to do is type a specific url into the web browser of your computer , you can see your device’s internal memory and sd card , from where you can download any files to your computer , or upload files to your phone . contrast of the three ways the limit of wifi file transfer and cloud storage is the size of the file , the free version of these apps limit the file size . you can transfer the music , pictures , movies , word document , etc by above two ways . for files with large size , you can use the usb cable directly . 6 ways ( via network ) are here
according to this thread , this is possible and it is as easy as adding the following line to /etc/vold.fstab: dev_mount sdcard /mnt/sdcard auto SDCARD=/dev/sda7  but i have not tried it myself .
some of samsung devices does not support arabic even if it have ics ( android 4 ) , this usually happens if you ordered your device from outside ( like from amazon ) , if you want to add arabic , you will have to flash a rom that supports arabic ( like the official uae rom ) , if you bought the phone from an arabic country , talk to the salesman . for the keyboard just install any other keyboard from google play ( e . g go keyboard , swiftkey . . . etc )
if you have android 4 , arabic is already supported . you need only to get to setting then language system wide and change it to arabic or any other language . unfortunately you can not have the option of arabic with arabic-western numerals 123 . they only have the stupid option : arabic with hindy numerals .
ics supports arabic , and you can add keyboard languages from the settings of the device
there is no tool with this feature . but it is possible to crop the picture in the gallery .
it looks like having the screen turn on when sms messages arrive is a stock feature of the samsung galaxy s4 on verzion ( possibly applies to other models and carriers as well ) . i saw threads here and here discussing the problem . there is no setting to disable only the screen turning on . the workaround that i ended up using is as follows : 1 ) disable notification in the stock app : go to settings and scroll down to notification settings and unselect " notifications " . 2 ) install sms popup . 3 ) enable sms popup . then go to addition settings and disable " screen on for popup " . maybe someday samsung/verizon will fix the problem , but for now this workaround seems to work for me .
no need for a factory reset , friend . all you have to do is go to settings> application manager> all> download manager> clear cache and clear data . go to google play> clear cache> clear data and then go to google play services> clear cache> cleardata . restart the phone and it will be alright .
go to settings > wireless and networks and uncheck aeroplane mode from there . if that does not work , remove the battery and sim card , wait 1 minute and re-insert sim + battery and restart .
conclusion first : it does not really matter as this operation needs almost no power anyway for both ways . changing the volume alone has only a minimal affect on the battery given the screen stays off . reason : if you listen to music there is already some processing going on and increasing/decreasing volume levels has a very low processing demand ( almost none ) . it is more of a side-note event for android . the volume buttons on the side of your device trigger some event and so do the buttons attached to the string of your headset . i would say it is equal or at least very close to equal . you can have a look over at george smart 's htc headphone analysis and see that the l channel is not shorted against the common ground . instead some coded resistor values is used to pull the common control line ( also used for the microphone ) which probably has a high impedance .
you can try opening it in an html editor like webmaster 's html editor lite . it has syntax highlighting , and a search function . it also as a pro version with additional features . if you do not like that , there are several other html editors in google play .
if you setup both devices to use the same account ( s ) ( for example the same google account for the google apps ) , then they should both synchronize with that account and thus indirectly with each other . theoretically there could be third party apps and accounts that tie their account to a specific device , but i can not say if these actually exist .
i have one found so far paid solution , but there is a 30 day trial to check it out . http://www.rerware.com/android/ ; android app mybackup ; you can backup data and apps , both online and on sd
do not know which book reader you are planning to use , but the kindle app automatically syncs your progress through books , along with any notes and annotations you have made between devices and platforms ( via its proprietary whispersync service ) , and also lets you download the same books onto every device ( as long as you sign in wit the same account ) .
the contacts themselves are synced to your phone 's internal memory , so they do take up space . the contacts are then updated every time the phone syncs with the server . if they were only in the cloud you would not be able to access them if you happen to lose the network connection , and contact lookup would be noticeably slower . also , some mobile network technologies can not maintain a voice call and data connection simultaneously , so you would not be able to match incoming calls to contacts , because the data connection would temporarily be disconnected .
have you checked that your device is recognized correctly ? to do this , go to the settings page and check the last used date . you may have multiple entries for the same device if you have switched roms or formatted the phone , and if you are trying to contact an old version of the phone , the install requests will not get to the device . if you have unnecessary entries here , you can hide them by unchecking the " show in menus " checkbox .
i have read somewhere that a few crappy carriers prevent this . if it still does not work , i would recommend you to install another launcher , where you can customise more .
please check this news . i think that you will be able to edit your home dock after updating your phone . http://www.phonearena.com/news/happy-days-in-australia-touchwiz-dock-can-finally-be-customized_id57116
the way it works on my sgs2 android 4.0 is click on applications , click menu button , select " edit " now the screen shows several app icons you can change , but at the bottom are also the home buttons . all home buttons except for the most right one ( "start page " or " home page" ) can be dragged and dropped , and you can move other app icons to the row with the home buttons . note that this only works if at step 1 you are in grid view , otherwise change to grid view in the menu first . if this does not work , there may be some additional carrier software that prevents it .
this is possible using adb shell : $ telnet localhost 5554 Android Console: type 'help' for a list of commands OK geo fix -82.411629 28.054553 OK  please read : stackexchange-url
sim contacts are not synced , neither are " phone " contacts . if you had used google contact , they would have been synced with your google/gmail account -- but then you would not have noticed their loss , as they would have been synced back to your new device . had you saved them as sim contacts , they had also be on your new device . which leaves us with the other non-synced variant : " phone contacts " . those are stored on device internal storage ( to be more precise : in a database file located in /data/data/com.google.android.providers.contacts/databases ) , which is not directly accessible by normal users , so you could not have simply copied it . conclusion : as these data are not stored in " my files " , you have not copied them . and as you have factory-reset the original device , you cannot simply restore them from there . so apart from a quite expensive forensics recovery ( done by a data recovery specialist ) from your old device , there is no way to recover those contacts , sorry .
it is possible to recover your contacts from your old galaxy s2 if the contacts are not overwritten by new files . a fact is that , the deleted files in your phone are still in your phone but hidden and inaccessible to you . that is why you cannot see them . to recover them , you need to use an android data recovery to enter the file system to extract the contacts . in the market there are many such software , try them , your contact may be back .
rooting android saves up to 25% of battery compared to factory state . i would suggest you use kingo android root and framaroot .
if you choose to root your phone , there are several options as far as installing custom roms and/or custom kernels . some of these allow you change the clock speed of your processor , the governor controlling the processor , and so on , which can all positively ( or negatively ) affect battery life . if you are already rooted , rom toolbox gives some nice options as far as system manipulation that can help with battery life . juice defender ultimate also has some pretty cool options if you are root .
the only way rooting can gain you battery time is if you can uninstall an app that is using a lot of power , and which you can not uninstall without rooting ( i.e. . it is something that shipped with the device ) . i do not know what is on your device , but judging from what i have seen on my droid 3 , there is not likely to be any noticeable change in battery life . on the plus side , if you root the device , you will have the option to get rid of any junk that was pre-installed and thereby not have to see all the update notices for stuff that you will never use and which wants more and more permissions with every update .
safe mode you could try to boot your ace into " safe mode " , as described e.g. in the article safe mode on samsung galaxy ace : switch off the phone by pressing on the power button . turn the phone back on , while it is turning on press and hold the menu button . continue to hold the menu button until you see the home screen . on the home screen you see it say safe mode on the left hand corner . now that you are in safe mode you can go and remove any buggy apps that you do not want to keep . to exit safe mode after your cleanup : turn off the phone by pressing the power button . pull out the battery . wait for 30 seconds . put the battery back in . start up the device and see if the safe mode on the left hand corner has disappear . if it is not there then you have successfully started your phone in the standard mode . factory reset if that does not work out , there is always the factory reset . but be aware that this removes all your data plus the apps you installed yourself ! how to perform a factory reset on the ace is e.g. described at hard-reset . com : press and hold the home plus power buttons simultaneously , or try volume-up + home + power together . of course there is also a menu for this -- but as you wrote you have no longer access to your phone , above key combinations are the only things left working .
for terminal , you can use android terminal emulator ( ate ) . assuming you have copied something to the clipboard , you can long-press in the ate , and you will see a Paste command . there is also a Select text command .
does a malicious android webview break the doublesubmittcookie countermeasure against csrf ? short answer : no . long answer : csrf exploits the trust that a site has in a user 's browser . csrf protection is not intended to protect the server from a malicious user agent or from an untrustworthy user . the user is responsible for choosing a trustworthy browser .
as i have mentioned in the comments already ( and which harbichidian thankfully approved ) , this can be done using tasker : condition : state → docked task : ( put something here you want to be done when placing the device in dock , or substitute some dummy like " variable set : %dummy = 1" ) exit task : media control → pause there might be several other approaches to this . i still hold tasker being at least one of the better solutions ( if not even the best ) is you can do so much more with it . just check the questions tagged " tasker " , or follow the links in our tasker tag-wiki to get an idea .
you can not disable the pop-up alone , but there are some other options:- you can disable the spell-checker completely . if your keyboard already provides all the spell-check functionality you need , then this might be a good option for you . in language and input in the device settings , untick spell checker . this will disable the pop-up and the red underlining for misspelled words . you can change the language of the spell-checker . from language and input in the device settings , click the settings icon next to spell checker , then the globe icon on the next screen . you can only have one language at a time in the default spell-checker , so this might not be helpful . you can install a replacement spell-checker . android allows other apps to provide the spell-check functionality in place of the built-in spell-checker . a different spell-checker might allow you to have more than one language enabled . once you have installed the spell-checker , enable it from the same screen described in the above alternative . in case some visitors are confused about the diffrence between the keyboard and the spell-checker , see this screenshot , from the android developers ' site : the red underlining , and the vertical menu of suggested corrections , are both provided by the spell-checker . most soft-keyboards also include a list of suggested word completions , which are usually in a horizontal line above the keyboard . here you can see ":" and " ; " , and the rest are hidden by the spell-checker 's pop-up .
i found simple and easy solution . make a html page any where . &lt;meta http-equiv="REFRESH" content="0; URL=market://details?id=package_name" /&gt; open browser and type this html url you will see your app in play market app
first off , the user can actually install the app from the market . he just can not do it directly but only make google remote-install the app via the website , as he would do if he browsed the market on his pc . second , what browser are you testing this with ? opera is not well integrated into android and will not open play urls in the app . in fact i am not sure even the native browser will . maybe you should just use market:// links instead of http://links .
i am using the code below and it is working fine with my phone and emulator . for the phone with google play app , it will automatically open the app . for the emulator ( without google play app ) , it will automatically open the browser .
settings > applications > all ( top tab ) click menu button > reset app preferences source : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt_alkha_-s
try directly this if link is originated from an app for android to handle : market://details?id=&lt;package_name&gt; notice : there is no domain and host .
third wish indeed seems to be a show-stopper . sacrificing that , you might want to take a look at locus maps , which gives you the additional benefit of being an offline/offroad navigation with many map sources buit-in to download from . plenty add-ons available , too . might ask the developer ( e . g . on his forum ) to add tasker support . as he is very responsive , chances are quite good he will like and implement the idea . if so , item #3 would be solved as well .
tasker can write location to klm file : did you see this gps tracker made in tasker xml ( http://tasker.wikidot.com/tracker ) it creates a kml file and stores Acc:%LOCACC Prv:%LOCPRV Spd:%LOCSPD Alt:%LOCALT into that file . to view a kml file that tracker creates you can either : view it in the google earth android apo upload it to your desktop and open it with google earth . upload it to the web , and put the url to the kml in the search box of google maps . this still only works on a desktop computer , but allows the viewing of a kml or kmz file without installing google earth . several other tools exist for publishing kmz files .
gps logger suits all your needs ( 2 is an option you can turn on )
trace my trail is not only a gps logger but you can also insert pois and indication and get alarms when you are following the recorded track .
if you are ready to compromise the third requirement , google 's my tracks , fits your other needs perfectly .
i figured this was not currently possible so i just created a widget that activated whatever profile i want active when tasker is open then disable the said profile if i go back to the home app .
the developer of tasker has specifically excluded tasker itself from showing up in the applications list . he cites his reason in the tasker why . . . ? section of his website . http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/faqs/faq-why.html#d
my samsung galaxy s ii has proxy settings enabled under settings > wireless and network > wifi settings > advanced i can set a proxy address and a port number . the proxy i am sitting behind requires authentication tho and i am having trouble finding these settings .
to modify the proxy settings in android 4 and samsung galaxy you should do this : go to settings / wifi . long-click on your network and select modify network . scroll down to show advanced options which should show you the proxy options .
try proxy settings , a free app that reveals the proxy settings button available in most stock roms .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
applications installed on sd card cannot run if you remove your sd card or you are turning on usb mass storage ( so it can be accessed from a computer ) . that is the only drawback i have been experiencing . i have actually seen performance improvement since moving to sd ; before i moved to sd i had exhausted the internal memory ( about a few kilobytes left ) and the phone lags quite badly . since moving to sd ( and therefore freeing some space in the internal memory ) , and the lag disappears .
taken straight from android developer site there is no effect on the application performance so long as the external storage is mounted on the device . the . apk file is saved on the external storage , but all private user data , databases , optimized . dex files , and extracted native code are saved on the internal device memory . the unique container in which your application is stored is encrypted with a randomly generated key that can be decrypted only by the device that originally installed it . thus , an application installed on an sd card works for only one device . the user can move your application to the internal storage through the system settings . also -> applications that should not install on external storage ( more details on android developer site ) services alarm services live wallpapers live folders app widgets account managers sync adapters device administrators broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed "
widgets will not work if they are on the sd card .
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
it is a logical solution for a potential problem and a long time irritation of mine . however , you must remember that whatever solutions are available for a security application would also be available for a malware app . if a security app could block net access then a malware app could block it also , stopping a security app from updating data files for instance . it needs to be done at the system level , not as another application . see my post here for my thoughts .
there is an ongoing research on this this subject . a non yet released proof of concept is implemented for some of the privacy sensitive apis exactly as i proposed . the privacy manager is called tissa , short for taming information-stealing smartphone applications .
a translated version of the chinese version of lbe is available on xda developers , and it works very well on jelly bean . apparently the chinese version is still actively developed . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
xprivacy is a module for xposed framework which does exactly what you need . it is free and open source . works on rooted devices . download framework apk from here : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer module apk : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer source : https://github.com/m66b/xprivacy?mobile=0#xprivacy
this is no sandbox application , but perhaps it is also interesting for you , if you havn't already heard about it . some scientists startet the project taintdroid . realtime privacy monitory for android
i am fairly certain that tool that you seek does not exist yet . but your idea is great . few point though ; ofc ; app can freely read and write it is own app directory giving fake read acces : for every possible read ( and there is a lot app can try to read ) default response should be generate ; lot a work but doable however ; giving fake write access is lot harder ; what if it uses sd card to store big temp files ; like bitmaps . on unrooted phone ; only place app can write is sd card ; and using content provider ( for stuff like contacts , and calendar ) . and app desiger is not expecting to fail in writing data ; so app could crash . good thing is that the worst that could happen is that app might crash .
whisper systems has come out with a custom rom that has this exact feature : http://www.whispersys.com/permissions.html. as darthnoodles mentions , it has to be done at the system level rather than the app level , which is how it is implemented in whispercore . the current version is not able to block all of the permissions available on android , but they are working on supporting more of them .
there is an excellent tool pdroid . it is both an app and a set of rom patches , which enable intercepting and faking permission requests . here are the pdroid jellybean rom fork patches
there is an app shield application . it essentially repackages . apk with permissions removed from manifest . brilliant idea for stock , non rooted phones . subject to crashes ( force closes ) , though , as with current cyanogenmod approach .
not an absolute solution to your problem , but there is an app in the android market which caters to your needs . it also necessarily requires better knowledge about permissions and also a rooted device . permissions denied is an app which allows you to effectively control the permissions that apps which are installed onto your phone , via the market or some other source . also be aware that denying an app a permission that it is requesting may result in the app force closing . ( hence requiring you to have better knowledge on how to use it ) note : this app requires root access . this app will not work on all device .
lbe privacy guard appears to be a very promising solution with interactive features to block or allow application activity on the fly .
there is a privacy blocker ( paid ) and privacy inspector ( free ) applications . privacy blocker does a static analysis of applications for sensitive api calls and rewrites these calls into stub ones which return fake data . as a result a new . apk with rewritten application is generated and installed . privacy inspector is an app which only reports the use of sensitive api calls .
mockdroid is another academic firmware with data faking capabilities .
by default , items in folders are organized by the order they are added . if the absolute order is not important to you , but rather just having more used apps at the top , you can pull the less used apps out and then re-add them to the folder , which will place them at the bottom .
using nothing but your android options will not do the job straight forward , you need to install an app to do your folders , there are two applications ( amongst others of course ) ; one called app mate , or appmanager-organize your apps , both are available at the market , and both will require sometime at first to cache your apps and stuff . i am caching my handset right now , and will get back to here with what is what . [ update ] app mate is no use for you , on the other hand appmanager is way much better , it can even sort your folder applications according to frequency of use but unfortunately the folders it creates on your home-screen is cropped in a strange way , i guess that will be easy for the developer to fix .
that is very odd . normally there should be no auto-update of the device software , and other updates will require a reboot . try the following : hold both volume buttons and the power button wait until the phone reboots , keep holding release the power button about 1 second after the white text with your phone model appears onscreen , keeping holding the volume buttons recovery mode should appear select " reinstall packages " or similar
ironically the android 4.2.2 update i had been waiting many months for turned finally turned up the day after i posted my question . since i updated i have not seen the problem occur again so i am hoping it fixed it . on the other hand it might just be a coincidence so i will have to see how it goes .
if you are rooted , simply remove gmail app using titanium backup ( free ) . or , better . . freeze gmail app using pro version of titanium backup . this way , you can always get back gmail easily in case you have changed your mind in future .
if you have root , you can delete the account database ( /data/system/accounts . db ) which will delete all accounts managed by system including google accounts and those ones registered by a third-party app ( facebook , twitter , skype , etc . ) . however , this method may cause the system to behave incorrectly sometimes . you also have to note you can not use stuff like the market without a google account .
to remove the account , i believe you can hit ' remove account ' at the bottom after selecting the account to act upon in accounts/sync settings . de-selecting gmail just means that it does not get auto-synchronized but is still affected by a ' sync all ' operation .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts . click on your gmail account for sync on / off . it will take you to the sync settings in emulator . then , click account settings , it wil show your mail again . now , click on your gmail account . it shows all your account details . on dragging down , you will see remove your account button . click it ; you will be safe now .
access " system settings " by touching soft key lower left on phone ( 3 horizontal lines ) . under Accounts , touch " google " this will bring up your google/gmail accounts . click the account you wish to delete . touch the soft key again ( 3 horizontal lines ) this will open a window with two choices , click " remove account "
go to settings-> accounts and sync and touch your gmail account . it will show you options of what you can sync ( books , calendar , contacts , gmail , music ) . touch the gmail one and it will not sync your gmail account with that device .
some apps use this to retrieve debug information and send it to the company to help improve the app ( eg . evernote [ source ] ) . could not find any information on how netflix uses the data and can not test but maybe there is a " send debug information " button or something similar . this , of course , is pure speculation , so you will have to think " do i trust this company with my data ? " as to what information is made available by this , you can check this by using alogcat or the android sdk and logcat . there is a public google+ post which describes an example of logcat information .
most modern smartphones produce a lot of heat when playing cpu/gpu intensive games , there is not much you can do about it . if you reduce gpu frequency , two things can happen : stuttering of gameplay ( depending on your game ) , and the cpu/gpu run at maximum frequency for longer amounts of time to complete the same work ( that a higher frequency gpu would have done in shorter time ) . that may negate much of the heat reduction you are trying to achieve . my 2 cents is to leave the settings at stock . ( for more details , read http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=34153152postcount=15576 by a chip designer who worked with nvidia , ti etc ) . if you are still keen on underclocking , http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1827635 suggests that gpu over/underclocking is possible with setcpu app . that link is for galaxy s3 , but it should work for your phone too if your kernel supports it ( you might have to flash a custom kernel to control the gpu ) .
another option is isyncr . it will download your podcasts over usb/wifi/mac/pc . i have also added some specific podcast features like bookmark syncing , which work in combination with my other app , rocket player , so that you can listen to half a podcast on your computer and the other half while you are on the road . just a note from the developer .
manual alternative if you are on a computer and you do not even have itunes installed , you can find web page of that podcast on itunes site example : http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/tiesto-s-club-life-podcast/id251507798 then you can view source of the page and locate links to actual files - mp3 or m4a . you can download the files saving either directly to a connected phone or transfer later in bulks .
fairly new app called " itunes podcast player " is able to search and play podcasts directly from itunes . seems to work really well , at least for me .
if you do not want to be shackled to itunes for downloading/syncing the actual episodes , you can right-click the podcast in itunes , and select copy podcast url . it will copy the url to the podcast feed to your clipboard . use this url on your android device to subscribe to the podcast there .
you could always just get an iphone ; -p seriously though , i would contact the provider of the podcast . many times they can make available the rss feed , which many apps on google play can translate into a usable podcast . if they do not provide access this way , then unfortunately you are stuck unless someone engineers a way to access itunes podcasts .
i have faced the same problem and i found this software : http://doubletwist.com/ basically what it does is read you itunes library and coping what you want to the device your want , it is just great and you can set the configs to you needs . it has an android client and a pc client . hope you will find it useful .
google play music manager can synchronize with itunes , including podcasts .
go to settings > wireless > wifi settings . press menu > advanced . ensure the wifi sleep policy is set to never . this will make sure that your wifi remains always connected . this may however result in a marginal increase in battery consumption .
did you try adding the messaging settings to the apn you created ? you can add both webs as mms settings and then select that apn .
try clearing the cache and/or clearing app data .
if your home screen is dying like this , check your debug logs ( if you have adb installed ) . my guess ? you are running out of ram and android is killing the home screen process to get more ram . you might want to stop some services ( or root and remove stupid carrier bloatware ) . cyanogenmod and some other custom android builds will allow you to " lock " the application in ram , but honestly that can cause as many problems as it solves . on my older phones ( htc dream / htc magic ) the culprit at the time was k-9 mail .
when you get gingerbread on your galaxy s , then the battery usage graph shows what is using power over time settings -> about phone -> battery use and then press on the graph at the top for a more detailed view broken down by app over time . ( you can also get there through settings -> applications -> battery use and then pressing on the graph at the top ) . ( do not know if this is a samsung or a gingerbread feature but is part of samsung 's official gingerbread 2.3.3 . release for the galaxy s which was released a few weeks ago in many countries/networks )
you can use a logcat viewer , such as logcat reader ( i have found that one works well ) , and just scroll back through the logs until the time in question . a less precise solution would be to go to settings > about phone > battery use and that will tell you what has been using most of your battery .
if there is anything happening at a " given time " , or otherwise should show some " significant change " , it might also be worth to take a look at systempanel : systempanel ( source : google play ) even the free version allows you to live-monitor your android system ( where " live " means the app must be running ) , while the payed version adds a " monitoring service " which stores collected information , so you can refer to it later . as above screenshot shows , it lets you clearly see the peaks for cpu ( click the image to enlarge ) , but also for battery and other ressources . it also allows you to pick the " top processes " and see how they behaved over time . clearly a candidate to investigate the problem you described .
short answer : yes , it is for all google maps links . the long answer is that android 's intent mechanism ( which is the way android decides what app to start ) can use different parts of the url to match the app . the app can register itself with android to handle : a particular uri scheme , such as market:// a particular domain , such as youtube.com paths within the domain matching a particular filter , such as /users/* apps can also filter on other things not relevant to clicking a link , such as different actions ( e . g . share ) or different mime types . one app can have more than one filter , and one filter can match any combination of the above things . for example , a youtube app might have one filter that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtube.com the path matches watch?v=* and another that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtu.be ( the domain for short urls ) in this case , there are two different defaults to set : the first time you click a link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJRFaR71HfY it will set the default for that kind of link . then , if you later click a http://youtu.be/DJRFaR71HfY , it'll ask a second time , because that counts as a different kind of link . in the case of google maps , there are several different kinds of link it can handle ( as well as other intent filters not relevant to links ) :- geo://* latitude://* http://maps.google.tld/ or https://maps.google.tld/ ( with nothing after the / ) , for every tld that google has (google.com, google . fr , etc . ) http://maps.google.tld/maps* or https://maps.google.tld/maps* http://mapy.google.pl/ or https://mapy.google.pl/ ( "mapy " being polish for " maps" ) http://mapy.google.pl/maps* or https://mapy.googl.pl/maps* http://local.google.com/ or https://local.google.com/ http://local.google.com/maps* or https://local.google.com/maps* http://m.google.com/latitude or https://m.google.com/latitude http://www.google.com/latitude or https://www.google.com/latitude http://m.google.com/u/m/* or https://m.google.com/u/m/* each one of those lines counts as a different kind of link , so android will ask again . in addition , all but the first of those have two separate entries : one for opening or browsing a link in the usual way , and another for scanning an nfc tag ( or receiving by android beam ) a matching link . again , those two things count as different links for the purposes of setting defaults . to get this information from the google maps app , i used the app packageexplorer . the information it gives you takes some knowledge to interpret : you may find the android intent api guide for developers useful .
have you tried arkmc ? the free version still works as a renderer : )
it may sound like overkill , but it may suit all your needs : xbmc media center ( downloads for android are here ) it has many features that you might not need ( like a weather forecast , playing videos and music ) but the best parts are its big list of network capabilities ( media on windows shares , dlna ( upnp ) , ftp , etc . ) and its huge list of available plugins . it is also remotely controllable in many ways , there are even apps for android , etc . plus it is open source and free .
try out digital photo frame slide show . it has exactly the features you need as it can access a upnp server or a smb network drive . ( i am the developer of digital photo frame slide show . )
have you searched DLNA in play store ? you can find many apps . my favorite is skifta .
es file explorer should let you access smb shares .
samba shares and cloud image services ( picasa , flickr , facebook , dropbox and instagram ) photo frame live wallpaper
have you tried social frame ? it is a digital photo frame app . it automatically syncs photos from facebook , twitter , and 500px . love this app
if you use appbrain it does downloads sequentially . unfortunately you will still need to click " okay " for each to start the download but it'll save you a few taps .
download google play store here [ http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1996995 ] . install it from file manager by clicking apk file . convert to system app via titaniumbackup if you have already bought it as this feature is only available in pro version . or use this app [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmover ] which is free . you can also move to /system/app folder manually and then set the right permission [ and generate odex file ] but using app to convert app to system app is safer option .
it is possible to send emails to sms inboxes . but you can not send a sms to an email inbox given you do not have an internet connection . you must already know that emails require internet connectivity . as you asked , sms gateways can be used to send and receive smses provided you are subscribed to a sms line via a Direct-to-mobile or a Direct-to SMS gateway . simply put , you cannot use this functionality with your normal sim card , if you are willing to do it in an offline method . read more about sms gateways in wikipedia . on a side note , if you can go online ( say mobile data ) , you can do this by way of a mms . all you have to do is to send the mms to the desired email address . some of the gateway addresses for email to sms are listed below . alltel : phonenumber@message . alltel . com at and t : phonenumber@txt . att .nett-mobile : phonenumber@tmomail .netvirgin mobile : phonenumber@vmobl . com sprint : phonenumber@messaging . sprintpcs . com verizon : phonenumber@vtext . com nextel : phonenumber@messaging . nextel . com us cellular : phonenumber@mms . uscc .netkeep in mind that most of the networks tend to block and/or alter their gateways once the traffic is considerably high , as this method is widely used by spammers .
your voice files are also stored in the whatsapp folder . the path is : WhatsApp/Media/WhatsApp Voice Notes/ the file names are starting with ptt
i managed to download it from freakshare , i tried it again , and now it is downloading 252mb , so that is a good size
i have just released an open source svn client that uses actual svn protocol . . . it is called oasvn ( open android svn ) you can get it on the play market here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.valleytg.oasvn.android does svn checkout , update , commit , export , cleanup and revert . more to come soon . more information and source are here : http://www.valleytg.com jira for requests : http://www.valleytg.com/jira
it looks like there is been a little work porting svnkit to android ( see this ) , but actual source code is not sitting around for anyone to use yet . it is a little bit incredibly gross , but you could try introducing another syncing setup . something like dropbox to store and sync files on your phone , and then commit the changes when you get to a machine with an svn client . this is obviously less than ideal .
get an on-screen keyboard with arrow keys , such as hacker 's keyboard . i use it as a secondary input method , it is not so suitable to all situations but can quickly be switched from the long-press menu .
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i figured it out . it was the kernel that came with liquid smooth rom . the kernel developer , chevyno1 ( of simply stunning mod ) , disabled logging in the kernel . i switched to a different kernel by jdlfg and logging immediately turned on with the next boot .
the rom might call " rm /dev/log/main " during init to cripple logcat . if you can find that line and remove it logcat should be happy .
this is not the resolution you are looking for , but i would like to share that i have same problem with you . the blank circle appeared a few days ago . there is no blank circle when i check google+ web page , but there is a mysterious circle with no name ( blank name ) when i use google+ android app . i tried to uninstall and reinstall google+ app , but it did not resolve the problem . only a few people have reported this problem , and there is a post related to this on google group too . i hope it can be fixed soon .
a new version of the app came out today ( 2.2.0.233662 ) with " numerous bug fixes " mentioned in the " what is new " text . this apparently is one of the fixes . everything is back to normal now .
if you are using a windows machine , then it sounds like maybe the drivers you are using are not the correct drivers . download the drivers from here ( at the bottom ) and install those drivers on the system . to install the drivers : connect your phone to your pc with usb debugging mode enabled . windows will not be able to install drivers on its own . so , go to ' device manager ' . under ' other devices ' , you will have your phone 's name , spice mi-350n/fly iq260 . right click and select ' update driver software . . . ' and select ' browse my computer for driver software ' and browse to the location where you extracted the drivers and click ' next ' .
i work on the linux 11.10 , i solved the problem by researching on various blogs . i particularly found this link very helpful . actually the vendor id in "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules " was wrong . as i could not find the spice in the android 's developer site . executing command lsusb gave me the correct vendor id . . . . now my /etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules file looks like:- subsystem=="usb " , attr{idvendor}=="2006" , mode="0666" group="plugdev " now after restarting adb services . . . i.e. su $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb devices  the output is :- List of devices attached 0123456789ABCDEF device  now when i launch application from eclipse ide it automatically identifies the device . . . .
as a workaround , try installing wi-fi keep alive . it can do things like keeping a wi-fi lock , pinging the router every ten seconds or just keeping the device awake . remember that some of the options of the app can be detrimental to battery life . ( but if you want wi-fi to be always on , i doubt you care much about battery life . )
go to the main screen--> tap on applications symbol--> go to settings--> then wireless and networks . then now go to the wifi and then move on advanced settings ( shown as a symbol below the screen not on the screen but to will popup after pressing the left button ) ) . you will find easily how to control it during sleep
checkout the wi-fi sleep policy under settings-> wireless and network-> wi-fi settings now press menu-> advanced
i found this somewhere -- and it works for me . here is the solution that worked perfectly with me : the problem lies in the dhcp settings of the adsl router . follow these steps to solve this problem . . . . . . . login to your router and go to dhcp settings ( for belkin its 192.168.2.1 ) and find the item called leasing time . the default values of the leasing time is usually forever -- and there is a bug with android all you have to do is to change the value of the leasing time from forever to any other long value ( depends on the routers options ) . here i changed the value from forever to 2 weeks -- and since then i did not have a single wifi disconnect .
it should be /sdcard , with a lower-case s .
i made a folder called /sdcard and wanted to ln -s /sdcard /storage/sdcard0 but i got ln not found or something like that . so i mount -o bind /sdcard /storage/sdcard0 which made me unable to access the sdcard in anyway on my phone . i was scared the sdcard got wiped because it was empty except it had a root explorer folder for a reason unknown to me . being scared of wiped data i unplugged the cable and rebooted hoping it was a temporary error caused by the mount -o bind command . fortunately it was and i also found out that the /sdcard has been restored properly automatically on boot ( the restore wasnt cused by any command it is just how android is made )
try running your logic in another thread or in async task 's doinbackground
its original name was the zte blade so , then , the manufacturer is the zte corp in china .
the bad news is that some phones ( like yours ) do not support setting your own phone number . the good news is that this information is not stored on your phone but on your sim card . so if you put your sim in another device and set your number there than you can put it back to your phone and voila , your number will show . some devices that support setting your phone number : apple iphone ( be aware that newer versions have microsim slots ! ) samsung galaxy series ( read here on how to do it ) all ics devices ( info ) some custom roms ( including cyanogenmod ) some sony ericsson dumbphones ( e . g : c902 , k550i ) if you do not have access to any of the above you can ask your carrier to do it . it is possible that they can do it ota .
this happens on some network sims because they do not store the number onto the sim . you can add the number to the sim by using a device that allows you . these devices normally do : older ( non smart ) devices most custom roms ics devices iphone ( below ios 5 ) some other stock roms
did you try " volume up + menu button + power button " ? that should get you to recovery mode and you should have an option there to factory reset your phone .
hold down the volume down button while booting and go into ' safe mode ' . go to the developer menu and turn it off . reboot .
the original sgs supports wpa2 with aes , so i would bet that the sgs2 does . there seems to be a glut of routers that do not play nicely with non-pc devices when using wpa , for whatever reason , so i would suspect that is your issue .
if you are using yahoo , and have recently changed your yahoo account passowrd , then this will cause the social hub app to get caught in a loop and drain the battery delete the yahoo account and recreating it should fix the issue ( you may need to reboot and use the phone offline before it will let you delete the account ) regards ian
this app is a russian application erroneously installed as a " system " app ( same package name as the email hub ) . if you are rooted you can use something like titanium backup to remove the app . otherwise you can try these instructions from an android authority article : removing the application on un-rooted devices seems much harder , however success has been reported by clearing the play store’s data and cache from settings> applications – afterwards , just launch the android market application to re-acquire the current market state and google play application .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
yes , connecting to a peap-mschapv2 network with 1.6 is not possible due to a lack in the network manager . after an upgrade to 2.1 or 2.2 it is possible . alternatively you might want to root the device and enter your login credentials in your wpa_supplicant.conf file manually .
i am not sure but if you go to calenendars -> menu -> more -> calendars , you can choose which calendar to show . maybe this will help if you are talking about calendar of phone .
these are the steps i took on my htc desire running android version 2.2 to delete all calendar data , and in turn the pc sync calendar : on the phone , open settings > applications > manage applications click the “all” tab at the top of the screen scroll down and tap the calendar storage application tap the “clear data” button , and confirm you’d like to proceed . now all the calendar data is gone from the phone , running your sync processes again to populate only the calendars you want on your phone .
in order to change the notification sound on the gmail app you can do the following : open the gmail app and press the menu button ( the one to the left of the home button ) press settings and then choose the email address ( not general settings ) touch the word " inbox sound and vibrate " click " sound " then there is a popup for the choice of notification sound you want for your email . for go sms pro : press the same menu button settings advanced notification settings default notification settings select ringtone
you probably used different google accounts for different apps . switching accounts will show different apps . i guess all you can do is uninstall the apps from one account , change accounts to the one you would like to use and then reinstall them .
no , it is designed like that by the app 's developers , so you can not . though for youtube , if you are rooted , there is a xposed module called green youtube that have an option to play music from youtube in background ( but it does not work on my phone ) .
i think this name is a windows setting . i think i was seeing an old title , from when the phone had accounts belonging to the other employee . there was another device under devices and printers called galaxy s4 . i right-clicked on the device with the old employee 's name , clicked uninstall . when i disconnect and reconnect my phone i no longer see a device with the old employee 's name , but i do see " galaxy s4" .
go to Contacts &gt; [Sitting Button] &gt; More &gt; Accounts . be sure the following are checked : background data . auto-sync .
Contacts/People &gt; Menu &gt; Contacts to Display &gt; select your gmail account to display .
encountered the same here . from my limited research it seems that it has to do with ' syncing ' to google play when an app is uninstalled . your device just looks at which apps it has in the internal memory . google play website needs this info being synced to it . so when you install an app it shows correctly on both platform . when you uninstall it and have a working internet connection on your phone , it also shows correctly on both platforms . now if you install an app and for example hard reset your device ( or your device is by other means unable to sent to the server that an app is no longer on your device ) , then it still shows as installed in google play website . as far as i know , there is no way to make your device ' resync ' the installed apps . only way would be to install the app again and uninstall .
this a list of all the apps that you have installed since the beginning of time . including the uninstalled ones .
webmemo does a similar thing , but seems a bit more at hand as it uses the share page menu , instead of having you manually input the url - as with the fore-mentioned save webpage
there is an application called save webpage which will let you do it , i do not know of any other way to do it in the stock browser .
follow this video tutorial for the galaxy s4 stock email app , and make sure you activate sync email option . maybe you will have to remove and re-add your email account . also you can try with other email account ( s ) you have , in order to discard an issue of verizon 's own mail servers .
busybox does not include bc , but it does include the reverse polish notation calculator dc . since busybox can be installed from several installers on google play , this is probably the easiest way to get a command-line-based calculator on android . alternatively , i have heard that bc can be compiled for android quite easily using the android ndk , so if you are comfortable with compiling software you could do this .
the problem with his method and most other methods i have seen ( at least on my centos 6 and ubuntu 10 machines ) is that crlfs were at the end of each line of the /tmp/pkg.list file , so the uninstaller instead of uninstalling com.google.chrome , was actually attempting to uninstall ' com . google . chrome^m ' . . . notice the cr return character . by doing dos2unix , there is ' success ' , not ' failure ' . his sed script may have originally been a substitute for dos2unix , but was mangled when posted . the ' failure ' problem has more to do with the adb shell appending a dos line ending ^m ( on centos linux anyway ) . since i did everything from centos 6 , i was surprised to be bitten yet again by 1980s technology that was never as good as the technology from 1969 . i guess google wanted to make things easier for windows users of the adb shell . ( i had edited ( appended ) to ce4 's answer , but apparently that did not take . )
there are tons of apps that do batch uninstalling but here 's a simple free one that i know works : uninstaller pro a lot of the more full featured app managers also have a batch uninstall option . i like to consolidate functions into as few apps as i can . now i use smartbar which has a good app manager with batch uninstall .
there are a ton , are not there ? one i am looking at is apps uninstall . a nice feature it has is the ability to mark apps to protect them from accidentally bulk uninstalling .
scripted via adb and pm ( package manager ) : if the sdk is installed and you like to use the commandline , that is about the quickest way i know of : downside : you only get to see the package names , not the friendly application names ( there is seemingly no easy cli way . for programmers : get application name from package name ) downside 2: be sure what you do , you might uninstall every app on your phone if you do not edit the list . <code> # use android 's package manager ' pm ' # list all 3rd party pkgs ( using the '-3' parameter ) me@local:~$ adb shell pm list packages -3 &gt ; /tmp/pkg . list # use whatever editor you like ( grep , vi , gui ) to edit the list me@local:~$ vi /tmp/pkg . list me@local:~$ cat /tmp/pkg . list | sed ' s , . *: , , ' | while read a ; do adb uninstall $a ; done </code> maybe also an improvement for a limited number of apps : google 's play store now offers improved per device management ( since around google i|o 2012 ) : go to my android apps ( login required ) and you see " apps installed on [ device model ] " . per app you have an : update button ( if there is an update ) uninstall button ( except for system apps ) using this you can easily uninstall apps on specific phones or tablets using your internet browser . see also this accepted answer : remotely uninstall apps ?
it is been awhile since i used it , but appbrain 's app will let you sync to your appbrain account . . . so it should uninstall apps you remove from your appbrain account , but i can not verify that since i do not use it anymore . not a batch uninstall , but in launcherpro you can drag and drop apps to the trash can , hover for a few seconds , and then drop to uninstall it ( instead of removing it from the homescreen ) . works from the app drawer too . this is the method i usually use .
applications often have a restore in-app purchase option in the settings . other applications may ask you to " buy again " the item , but you are not actually spending any money again . it is often mentioned how you can restore your purchases in the application 's description on google play or in the help category of the application ( if any ) . you can always contact the developer for more information . ( note that we are talking about non-consumables purchases , it means purchases that are permanently associated with one 's google account . more information . )
you may have encrypted your phone contents . both of my phones take a lot longer to boot since having to decrypt on start-up .
my galaxy nexus ( i9250 , gsm version ) with android 4.02 definitely does not take that long to boot . just switched mine off to test , and from off it takes just under a minute to get to the sim card pin unlock code screen ( and after entering my pin it goes straight to the pattern lock with my normal wallpaper ) .
you can use any standard midi keyboard with your device . ( src ) there are several keyboards with korg and roland . choice of the device is all yours . but unfortunately there are reports that your nanopad is not working with this as you asked in your original question . ( src ) you may want to verify that with the manufacturer first , before you go for a new one . once you have a standard midi device ( which does not require driver installations ) , you can use apps like usb midi monitor or grand piano note : you can try ebay for good solutions . visit a local music store and check compatibility before you buy as izzy suggested
there is another way to change it . the emotion ui is set up as default , so first to do is to clear the default option by going to settings > manage apps > all and open huawei home then choose the option clear default . now just press home botton and it will ask which launcher you want to use and you can set up the new one by default .
you have to clear the defaults in the Settings &gt; Application &gt; Your default Launcher . then when you tap the home button , you will be asked to choose a launcher . you select the one you want and mark that as the default . generally when you install a new application , it clears the defaults for that category . so installing holo should have done that for you . i wonder why that did not happen .
i found an option in the Launcher Settings of holo launcher which allows choosing the default launcher . setting it to the correct one ( holo/default ) takes care of the issue .
when you hit the home button , an option should pop up asking for the user to choose a launcher . if this is not happening , you probably have the stock launcher set to default . try checking settings-applications- ( tap on your stock launcher app ) and then scroll down to find " clear defaults " button . hitting the home button should now bring up that pop up we are looking for .
the combination of encryption , pin lock , and having adb turned off should protect your data pretty well . it could still be compromised if someone finds a security flaw that can be exploited through the network or the mtp usb connection , but that risk exists in any case . however , with your bootloader unlocked , someone could take your phone , flash a malicious rom that contains keystroke loggers or something , and then return the phone to you and wait for you to type your pin or decryption password . it would be better to keep the bootloader locked whenever you do not actually need to flash things via fastboot . you can use bootunlocker to lock and unlock the bootloader from within the running android system . unlike fastboot oem unlock , this does not wipe your data when you unlock .
i cannot provide a definitive answer , but some folks have had over 20,000 messages , based on this reddit discussion . so if there are any limits , it may have been set by the oem ( or their custom app ) . using 3rd-party sms apps might provide a workaround to the limit . i would bet that if are hundreds of thousands of messages , there could be a significant performance issue , although that may depend on how the app processes the records . go sms pro , for example , does not load the messages all at once . but if it reaches the point where it has loaded already a lot of messages , the app slows down . update #1: to paraphrase izzy , the storage limit will also trigger the " insufficient memory " error , usually when there is less than ~25 mb free space on internal storage . this would also prevent the sms from being stored ( plus the possibility to send some on your own ) .
here 's a couple of answers to start with : email hangouts ( or any other im app ) , which usually require the other person to be logged in . glympse - send a check-in glympse to their mobile number with a message . they will get it as a text . using some sms gateway either via web ( browser ) or a specific sms app supporting this using a messenger app like tango , skype , or line
go to settings&rarr ; application manager&rarr ; all , scroll down to google text to speech , and clear data and disable . also you can uncheck show notifications . if you like , you can install " jeanny " ( wich is pretty cool too ) and then install " svox english grace voice " or " ivona text to speech hq " to make her talk . good luck !
you can go to settings-> applications and choose " all " tab to see the list of all apps and services . scroll down to the end and choose voice search , which brings you an option to stop the service . if your device is rooted , you can go one more step ahead and even uninstall the voice search app . in that case , you may need to have app like link2sd .
in ics , to disable an app you can go to settings -> apps -> all tabs -> click the app name and click " disable " . i assume its same for jb as well .
far easier , folks : settings &gt; language &amp; input &gt; keyboard &amp; input methods: DISABLE 'google voice typing' 
go to the " applications " in settings menu . find the ' voice search ' and then long press until you get an option for app info . then you will have two choices : one is force stop and the other is disable . if you choose disable , it will say that by disabling this may cause some apps not to work properly but so far my apps have been working .
for completeness , i add that on the galaxy s3 , it can be located at application manager\all\com . google . android . voicesearch . i brought up the appinfo , force stop , then disabled it .
for starters , this should not be here , this should have been asked at the xda thread itself . with all the tweaks they make to their rom , it would have been a good idea . second , with mtp , there is no need for charge only . the sd card and phone storage is always available when you are connected . " charge only " was relevant when you were on ics or gb and you had ums ( usb mass storage ) .
as it is two questions in one , you need two answers : to run commands via adb , you do not need to set that mode now - you just need to have usb debugging enabled , and the cmd commands will work . just remember that having usb debugging enabled could warrant a security risk as it may allow someone that has stolen your phone to access it is data without having to unlock it , but as you seem to have had it enabled previously , then i believe you should understand the risks . concerning the usb connection mode : in the old android version , that mode caused issues ( due to manufacturer modifications ) , since jellybean , android uses mtp , so that option became redundant .
since you are rooted within cm , its a matter of doing the following , provided you have read the following : caveat emptor : the jellybean leaked apks are signed with the signature key used to generate the signed leaked rom of jb , however , it may clash with cm 's own signature key which is , and i will guarantee , different , so may not work at all ! you are on your own from there onwards . ------------------------------------- remounting the /system rewriteable as in adb remount to make it writeable replace the apk 's concerned within /system/app by adb pushing the appropriate apks taken from jb , as in adb push name_of_jb_apk.apk /system/app ( repeat for each apk concerned ) - this will overwrite the apk 's already residing in /system/app remount the /system as read-only as in adb remount reboot , and go into clockworkmod recovery and clear the data/cache , the reason being is to remove the old cached data that was in use by the old apk 's , and thus , minimize the chances of force closes within the relevant apks in question . i will list the actual filenames for the apk 's concerned : sms , the filename is Mms.apk contacts , there is two apks involved , ContactsProvider.apk and Contacts.apk dialler , name is Phone.apk , now , beware , this may have a dependency on TelephonyProvider.apk also . whilst i have mentioned the actual apk 's , i am therefore disclaiming any responsibility for anything that may happen on your handset as a result of replacing system apps .
if you pinch inwards on the app list then the app lists minimize and can be rearranged .
found an app , this allows you to search your device for apps : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.startapp.quicksearchboxfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5zdgfydgfwcc5xdwlja3nlyxjjagjvecjd
press and hold the menu button ( button to the left of the physical home button ) . it will launch google now and if you enter the first letter of the name of an app it should start listing those apps , at least it does it on my galaxy s3 .
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab™ data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
this answer to a previous sms backup and restore question suggests that very android sms backup should be able to do this . they have a guide on how to do it here : how to transfer sms to android from iphone , windows mobile , nokia , blackberry etc ?
you can import sms from itunes backups using sim manager . the program can then save the data to an ini file , you can use that source file to transform the sms into whatever format is used by android , and upload them .
hmmm . . . . here 's one solution . i am not sure if there is an easier way , but i guess it is worth a shot . i am pretty sure they are not the same database structure , so you gotta do some editing . if you are interested in that sorta thing , could be fun ! hope this helps !
i know this sounds silly , but i think it is likely that your hand is wrapped around the phone and thereby gently touching the screen with the tip of your fingers or you are touching the volume down key that goes to vibrate mode . technical possibilities could be : -setting in the facebook app , maybe it is sending some sort of notification equivalent that just vibrates instead of showing up on your screen . -it could also be a different application that runs in the background and gives you notification vibrations . to solve that , go to applications manager , and click through applications and disable push notifications until you find the culprit . hope that helped .
there is a single list of contacts . but smartphones allow many different contact providers ( google contacts , facebook , sim card , internal phone contacts , skype , . . . ) . but they are all shown within the same app in a single list . a symbol tells you where the contact came from . i recommend to use google contacts as main contacts provider . do not save contacts on the sim card and the internal phone memory . google contacts are automatically synced with your phone and the cloud . you can comfortably edit the contacts @ google.com/contacts . every edit is instantly propagated to your phone . and if you change your device you simply add your google account and all your contacts will appear there , too . no more sim card contact importing/exporting . in order to solve the problem of duplicate contacts from different contact providers android provides a ' join contacts ' feature , which merges the information from different providers into one single contact .
the google 's own gmail app does not have this functionality built-in . unfortunately with the latest version of the app ( v2.3.5.2 as of this writing , ) google have disabled access to gmail 's data by other 3rd-party apps and widgets . this was most likely done for security purposes . the side-effect is that none of the 3rd-party apps on the market that need access to your gmail accounts ( notifiers , widgets , etc . ) stopped working . your best bet is to find an alternate e-mail app that has such a feature . i have used k-9 mail , but i do not remember any settings that would give you non-stop alerts . you could try submitting a feature request on k-9 's support site .
restoring a backup of one rom over top of a different rom is a bad idea ; although it may work in some cases , the device partitions often get screwed up . you need to flash a working rom -- preferably the original one -- and should have no problems doing so since you have clockwork access .
the /data/app-private directory is another location of 3rd-party protected apps . system apps that come pre-installed with the rom are stored in a read-only /system/app directory . /data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode for each installed app , which allows the system to launch it faster . these ...@classes.dex files get generated at installation/update time , or during the first boot-up for pre-installed apps . also , with android 2.2 google introduced ability to move apps to the sd card . when you do this , a new virtual mount point is created under /dev/block/dm-X ( where " x " is a sequential number starting with 1 ) which points to /mnt/asec/xx.yy-1 . /data/data/ folder contains settings , preferences and cache for all apps , each within its own folder named after the package name . e.g. /data/data/xx.yyy/ .
first be aware that you are transferring data over a wide area wireless device ( the range of 3g is much wider than wifi ) , therefore it is easier for an attacker to snoop on whatever your device is transmitting on 3g than on wifi . the 3g/gprs only has a lightweight encryption ( to limit unnecessary use of cpu power and battery , which is already scarce in mobile devices ) , this encryption should never be relied upon . however , applications can use its own encryption . i have not checked into it specifically , but i would presume that google checkout on android does use ssl encryption ; which is widely accepted to be strong enough for doing online purchases . in short , you should not need to worry about doing online purchases using android market . if you are doing purchases on other apps , you should check whether they are using ssl or other strong encryption . be aware that your banking details are being transmitted wirelessly , it is trivial for anyone to record data that are transmitted using radio waves ; your only line of defense is ssl encryption , which should hold attackers at bay long enough until your credit card expires .
the setting at the domain level was the issue . i enabled it , and it starting working a few hours later . this should not be an issue for standard google accounts - just google apps accounts .
from your description , it sounds like the game has two layouts and is switching between them based on the resolution of the screen ( number of pixels ) rather than the physical size of the screen . android allows you to use either or both of these to choose a screen layout ( amongst other things ) , but it is up to the app developer to get the criteria right and to test it on different devices . using resolution instead of screen size is a common problem with software ported from pc , because most pc software makes the same mistake . you can not work around this application error in stock android . it would be possible for a custom-rom to let you lie to the application about the resolution , but it would likely have undesirable side-effects ( possibly making the game unusable anyway ) . i do not know if any roms do have this feature ; trying one out requires replacing the operating system on your phone . changing the app to fix this problem would require reverse-engineering it . you had require some programming experience to do this successfully , and doing so may be illegal in your country .
the app imo has not been configured for high resolution screens and hence you see small buttons and are unable to play .
do a restart . that fixed mine when i had the same issue
i had the same problem and could not find the answer anywhere . via the technique , commonly known as ' mucking about with my phone ' , i found that the new actions can be revealed by swiping down on the notification with two fingers . likewise they can be hidden again by swiping upwards with two fingers .
i also own the same device but my tablet shows the encryption option . you are sure you are using stock firmware ?
" parse error " often means a particular application will not run , and therefore , cannot be installed on a particular device . this restriction is often set in apps using the android:minSdkVersion and android:targetSdkVersion tags respectively . if the android firmware version installed on your device does not fall within the supported versions defined by the tags , then you will get the " parse error " message during installation . or , the android package file ( apk ) is corrupted so the application manager cannot verify the checksum in order to proceed with the installation .
open gmail from a computer and go to the contacts page , it might be stored there
you could try remove your account at the accounts and synchronisation panel in the settings and add it again so it will sync your full account .
also check you have not deleted them fully from source . if you have then google instructions on restoring contacts . google backs them up on restore points and this can be done for up to a month after deleting
chances are you are using a stock launcher ( maybe samsung 's touchwiz ) that leaves empty spaces when you uninstall an app . if you are using samsung galaxy s4 ( using stock launcher ) , you can go to the apps screen , and click on left menu key &gt; View type &gt; Alphabetical grid . if you are not on an s4 , see if you can find something similar to this . if you do not have the Alphabetical grid option , you can install a 3rd party launcher like nova . nova can sort your app drawer alphabetically .
i did not get any definitive answer what is wrong from the service centre . they tried flashing some special rom they had , but same result . they closed the issue with the conclusion it is a hw problem in the phone .
this is an official solution i found after weeks of testing and research . in the end , the driver is not loaded properly or by default , custom rom created the havoc . i noticed that when running adb gui , there is this file missing from /system/data/misc/wifi called WCNSS_qcom_cfg.ini . i am using adb helper version 4.2.0.0 , under build . prop viewer tab , choose wlan.driver.config it points to that location . i downloaded it from somewhere on the xperia developer forum website . then i modified and modified until i found the solution . in this file i modified the line gDotMode=3 ( which is running in n mode only ) to either 1 or 2 which s " a " or " b " mode . i rebooted the device and the wifi works and n mode is disabled meaning you wont be able to connect in 5ghz mode anymore . but you will be able to connect to all the current 2.4ghz ap . i read somewhere where ics android allows you to enable or disable 5ghz scanning of ap . but was removed from later versions . now , my phone can connect to any 2.4ghz wifi .
have you tried this app here : contactsync i am using it to sync my vcards to my new galaxy and it worked fine .
if i remember correctly , android natively reads vcf files for import just put your .vcf file in any folder in the sdcard . then open your contacts app . look for the 3 grey dots on the upper right of the screen and press it . select import from the list . next , select import from external memory . wait for a while for it to finish . close the app after importing your contacts and open it again to refresh the data . you should start seeing all of your contacts after that . unfortunately vcf file can only contain information , no pictures , it is still stored on your nokia 's memory
the changelog droid app will start building a history of app changes from the date it is installed .
on the electrify , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard-ext/ while the internal is at /mnt/sdcard/ . the two are logically separate and cannot / should not be merged . on the mesmerize , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard/external-sd/ as if it were a subfolder of the internal sd storage , which is also mounted at /mnt/sdcard/ like the electrify . the two are just as separate as on the electrify , however , and the subfolder is not " real " . if you connect your phone to your pc you will see two separate drives for them , and the " external-sd " folder on the internal storage will show up as empty &mdash ; since it is ! i think what is happening here is that you want your data &mdash ; downloads , possibly pictures and music , etc . &mdash ; from your mesmerize 's internal sd , and you thought it was all on the external sd . ( i do not blame you , this system of having two areas both called sd is confusing . ) what i would do is : power off both phones remove any external sd cards from both phones to avoid confusion power on both phones connect both phones to your pc and mount the internal storages on both to your pc copy the content of the mesmerise 's internal storage over to the electrify 's internal storage properly dismount both phones from the pc power off both phones re-insert your external sd card ( s ) power on the electrify and go happily on your way
mmc0: error -110 whilst initialising MMC card this means that the internal sd card has failed . the common workaround for this is to install android to an external sd card . i can not comment on the samsung galaxy s , but i am currently doing this for a samsung galaxy tab using the following instructions : http://forum.gsmhosting.com/vbb/f606/internal-sdcard-damaged-1471227/ hopefully you can find some instructions specific to your phone .
unfortunately it is not , my galaxy s ii already has a lot of little scratches on the camera " glass " , and unlike in my old htc desire phone , gsii does not have extra " glass " in the back plate to protect the actual lens . so when it gets scratched i cannot just exchange the backplate : ( . i treat my phone very gently , so i am very surprised to see the lens having some many little scratches : ( . clearly in gsii the lens is way too unprotected and near the surface when you place it on flat surface . as a extra step , i bought case-mate " though " case to add a bit more space between the lens and flat surface . although the lens is scratched all the pictures seem to be just fine . phew . . .
yeah it is not , have seen scratches on a friends gsii rear facing camera myself .
let 's clear up some terminologies here : the phone acts is both a gateway ( translates between mobile network protocol and wifi protocol ) and a router ( routes packets to and from other devices and the external link ) . i assume that your phone 's ip address is 192.168.43.1 . the phone have an internet connection through mobile data connection and want to share this connection with other devices . the other devices ( e . g . laptop ) does not have direct internet connection , and is trying to tether through the gateway/phone . in your case , the other devices acquired the ip 192.168.43.26 through dhcp . are you using any encryption ? wep or wpa ? i suggests setting up an open network for troubleshooting , and only setup encryption after you are able to connect through unencrypted connection . check that the encryption setting and passphrase matches . what tethering method are you using ? are you using third party tethering , e.g. pdanet or android-wifi-tether ? or are you using the native tethering in android 2.2 and up ? what phone ? is it custom rom ? is it rooted ?
i believe what you are trying to do is impossible because of stackexchange-url
if you are on linux , check up the kernel routing table by typing route at terminal . if you do not have a default entry in the list it will not work . for example my kernel routing table reads : type in this command at terminal and see if it works : sudo route add default gw 192.168.43.1 wlan0 where wlan0 is your wireless interface . . . . also you could try rechecking the dns server on your machine and add the following lines to your etc/resolv . conf nameserver 8.8.8.8 nameserver 8.8.4.4 
without further details , i believe you have got an issue with the port where you connect the cable that causes the device to shutdown . some short-circuit happens and the device gets turned off . my recommendation , take it to repair with or without warranty . do not let this continue much longer or the device eventually will get irreparably damaged . ps : assuming you have tried another cable and power jack . . .
go to settings > display > rotation . in there you might have the option to enable 180 degrees . this works for me using cm9 so hopefully it works for you .
well despite the comments about a . nomedia file not working in the newest version , on my fully updated nexus 7 ( as of april 2013 ) using a . nomedia file prevents the audiobook files from being scanned and listed in google music . some extremely simplistic testing seems to indicate that a single . nomedia file at the top of a directory tree is enough to prevent all sub-directories from being scanned . in the case i talked about in my question , a . nomedia file within the " audiobooks/" directory would prevent all books from being scanned , even if each book was a collection of . mp3 files within its own directory .
i noticed that when i added . nomedia to my podcasts folder ( which i did not want showing up in my google " play music " app , it only disappeared once i changed the source from " on device " to " all music " and back again . now it is working as described above . my podcasts have been removed from my music player , but still show up in my podcast player .
maybe you searched the wrong way because i get a lot of results : that ' s the link to theunlocker , that worked for a friend of mine . superoneclick should work on all androids , you could get it here . do not worry if your rooting fails : generally there are no collateral effects more results here
cracking your screen most likely is not covered through a warranty . this is a good reason why you should purchase a screen protector . mime ghost glass would be my recommendation as far as screen protectors go . . . you can try to email google 's support : googleplay-support@google.com, explain what happened and you can probably pay to get it repaired , however the nexus 5 should be coming out in the very near future for $350 so it may be better to just purchase a new device for a little more as screen repairs are usually $100+
i am in canada and recently made a road trip to the states . when i am planning a trip starting in canada , the whole trip is in km , even if it crosses into the us . if the trip starts in the us , however , it shows everything in miles , even if it crosses into canada . it appears that it is not the location set in your phone but rather the location of the phone itself ( if using " my location " as the departure point - otherwise it is just the departure point ) . you can try this out by plotting a trip from a " miles " country to a " km " country and then clicking the reverse trip . the units changed with me .
try changing in the google search bar : Settings -&gt; Google now -&gt; Weather -&gt; Change from Fahrenheit to Celsius .
unfortunately , i saw no way to post a comment to your question though this is not really an answer : i am spanish and therefore my samsung galaxy tab is configured for my country . when using the measure ruler from the labs tab of google maps i get all the distances in metres/kilometres instead of miles . so it seems that changing the locale might help
you might want to try modifying the android sdk driver 's . inf file to allow the drivers to be used for your device . i have instructions in another answer here .
thanks for all answers , but my case was a very unusual case . i tried everything but it did not work . i reinstalled windows . it works now .
whenever i have problems with installing an android device 's drivers , i install pdanet . pdanet is a desktop tethering app , but that is not why i install it . pdanet comes bundled with phone drivers for all of the major phone manufacturers . once you have installed the drivers , you can then uninstall pdanet ( and it will keep the drivers ) .
if you are using connectbot : according to an article at xda-developers , this is nothing but a cosmetical error : connectbot seems to set shell variable ' ps1' to "$ ( precmd ) $user@$hostname:${pwd:- ? } $ " . it means your shell ( the busybox 's ash applet ) will try to use output from ' precmd ' as a part of a command prompt . so when ' precmd ' was not provided , error messages will be generated wenever a prompt was to be shown . to fix this , mentioned post says you can use PS1="&gt; " ( or simply unset PS1 ) to work around that error .
try this :- adb remount adb push busybox /system/xbin enter adb shell and issue below commands cd /system/xbin chmod 777 busybox busybox --install -s /system/xbin
i have figured this out and it is actually pretty easy : make sure one of the home screens is blank by removing all apps and widgets . then , pinch to zoom on the screen . this will bring up a collage of all the home screens . drag and drop the screen you would like into the ' remove ' trash bin . voila .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
basically , it looks like you want to clear everything except your apps . is that right ? if so , i would just use something like app manager to back them all up , and then do a factory reset . if you back them up to the sd card they should be safe , but you can always copy the backup to your computer .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
you can customise the toggles by clicking the pencil icon in the top right . you should then be able to add a wifi toggle icon . edit : ok . it seems like verizon have removed that toggle . if you are rooted you can add it back though . see link here ( contains screenshots ) . you need to download and install sqlite editor - you need to download and install sqlite editor open up sqlite editor - select the apps tab on top and scroll down until you see settings storage and click it . click on settings . db click on system click on the search icon on top right type in the word notification in the filter value field and click ok once the results load up , tap on notification_panel_active_app_list ( should be the bottom result ) and click on the pencil icon on top to edit in the value field , you will see all your toggles listed . all you have to do is add the word wifi &lt ; -- just like that with a semi colon right after . make sure there is no space after the semi colon like in the screenshot below . once you add wifi , click the save button . close sqlite editor and reboot your phone . once your phone boots back up , you should now have the wifi toggle in quick settings !
update : it is probably a " hot fix " of application developers , which they have spotted few moments after the update release . as solution it is easier to release an immediate second update with the same version number ( ver . numbering is solely on app developer ) . so it ends up twice ( or even several times ) after the first update . also , imho , the same version number ensures that users , who did not updated with the first " buggy " wave , will receive the last " hot fixed " update of that number . this was confirmed in some case here . original post : maybe this issue is connected with multiple google accounts ? it could be intersting to check next time this happens if both update proposals are for the same account . second thought : did the update go well in the first attempt ?
one way to do this would be to use an app like apkbackup to get the apks of your installed apps than install them on your new device . note that the data will be lost and depending on the market version it may not notify you about updates .
answering the question of the title : " can using too much ram drain battery ? " ( not your " real " question , but possibly useful for others interested in the questions title . ) yes , when too much ram is used by apps or services trying to run at the same time , the system may need to kill some of them very frequently , even multiple times per second , and restart them soon as they are needed by something else . that is using lots of cpu cycles , and thus some battery capacity . note that is not a normal case , like " not killing some apps manually " , it is a " very broken " state - but i have seen it happen , seems to be related to many services interfering and competing for memory .
only if the freed space is overwritten with zeros . otherwise the bits in the memory weight the same as before .
there is a big difference between ios and android . ios freezes the apps , android does not . the logic he explains in that article cannot be applied to android , where some apps will drain your battery while in the background . if you care about this , use something like greenify instead of a task killer .
think of ram like a paper notebook . you can write data into the book ( with a pencil ) , and you can erase those data and replace them with new data , but the book 's always the same weight . the book does not get any heavier , whatever you write in it . the same way , with current ram technology , the battery use of the ram is fixed , regardless of what ( if anything ) is stored in it . from android 's point of view , it does not matter whether you leave an app with the home button or the back button . pressing the back button does not kill an app or remove it from ram . swiping an app out of the ' recent apps ' list does not kill the app or remove it from ram . the only difference it makes is changing what the app shows you next time you launch it : the screen you were on before , or the main/first screen of the app . imagine you have a notebook ( as before ) , and a big bookcase with lots of reference books . you can not carry the reference books around with you , so if you need to know about a subject , you have to copy the information out of a reference book into your little notebook . when you run out of space in the notebook , you use your eraser to wipe some information you do not need again , so you can copy more information into it . all this copying is tiresome . so once you have copied some information , you want to keep it in your notebook for as long as you think you might need it . you keep track of what information in the notebook you are using right now , and what information you use often , and what information you have not used for a while . when you want to make space , first you erase the information you have not used for a while . if you have not got any of that left , then you erase some information you use often but not right now . only if you are really desperate for space ( maybe there is one big subject that takes the whole notebook ) do you erase the information you are using today . this is exactly what android 's doing with your ram . the big bookcase with reference books is like your phone 's internal storage : you can not use it directly ( because the books are printed , not written with pencil ) , so it is expensive ( it takes time and energy ) to copy data into your notebook ( ram ) to work on . a task manager app is like a schoolteacher who thinks your notebook looks untidy with all those pages of notes you are not using any more . the schoolteacher comes along every so often and erases whole pages of notes . this is unnecessary , because it does not make the book any easier to carry around : the book weighs the same regardless . not only that , the schoolteacher does not know which information you use most often - he might have a vague idea , but he does not know as well as you do - so sometimes when he erases information , the cost is an extra trip to the bookshelf , which you would not have needed otherwise . thinking about it this way , it is easy to answer your question . using more ram does not use any more power directly . a task manager app can make you use more power , because you are having to copy things from internal storage to ram that you would not have had to otherwise . in the same way , a single ram-hungry app costs you twice : first you have to write all of that app 's information in the notebook , and then when you finish with it , there is a lot of information that you had to erase ( to make space ) , which you have to copy from the bookshelf again .
as the article explained to you , it does not matter how much stuff is loaded into the ram , so that is completely okay if you do not close the applications that are idle . but if the app constantly does some activity , like syncing some data , or downloading , or even recording sound , it would drain your battery , because it uses the cpu , which sucks the energy from your battery , in that case , closing the apps would be a good thing to consider . otherwise , if you are sure that the app will not perform constant activity in the background , then you should not worry about it being stored in the ram , it is just the same as storing your files in sdcard ( i mean sdcard does not use battery , right ? ) . so just relax : ) i guess temple run does not do any activity in the background , so do not worry to leave it in the ram . hope i explained to you . cheers !
i doubt that there is a direct correlation between battery consumption and ram usage . the hardware does not know which ram cells contain ' used ' data and which not . so there can be no difference in battery consumption on that level . but i think that one could say that unnecessarily killing apps causes a few extra cpu cycles when those apps have to be re-started and therefore " uses more battery " . and yes , you definitely should let go of your app-killing habit . in most cases , android is capable of managing the system 's resources quite well and you should not bother with manually killing apps . they definitely will not drain more battery if they just idle around and consume some ram . of course , if those apps are constantly using the cpu , they will drain battery ( but this is usually a sign of a bug within the app or a badly implemented app ) .
i had the same problem and downloaded touchdown for smartphones , which worked . will send the phone back as clearly the bundled app that came with the phone is not working but another program with the same settings worked . only bought the s3 a week ago , first phone the wifi and the bluetooth would not switch on , 2nd phone no exchange e-mail , third time lucky ?
as said in the comments the device is partitioned and you can not see all parts of the device on a non root ed device . as an example a galaxy s4 is advertised as a 16gb device , and out of the box shows 9.1 gb available . this is a common practice in android oems it would seem . ( desire x from htc 4gb , shows 1gb ) just to give you a scale of what you are dealing with from addictive tips : let’s start with a list of standard internal memory partitions on android phones and tablets . these are : note : it says " standard " partitions . different companies come out with their own partitions . a good example is the galaxy s4 , and the galaxy s4 google edition . they are absolutely identical hardware in every way . until recently ( with so called ' merged roms' ) no rom from one could be installed on the other due , mostly , to the partitioning of the two devices being totally different . /boot /system /recovery /data /cache /misc in addition , there are the sd card partitions . /sdcard /sd-ext note that only /sdcard is found in all android devices and the rest are present only in select devices . let’s now take a look at the purpose and contents of each of these partitions . /boot this is the partition that enables the phone to boot , as the name suggests . it includes the kernel and the ramdisk . without this partition , the device will simply not be able to boot . wiping this partition from recovery should only be done if absolutely required and once done , the device must not be rebooted before installing a new one , which can be done by installing a rom that includes a /boot partition . /system this partition basically contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . /recovery the recovery partition can be considered as an alternative boot partition that lets you boot the device into a recovery console for performing advanced recovery and maintenance operations on it . to learn more about this partition and its contents , see the ‘about android recovery’ section of our guide to clockworkmod recovery . /data also called userdata , the data partition contains the user’s data – this is where your contacts , messages , settings and apps that you have installed go . wiping this partition essentially performs a factory reset on your device , restoring it to the way it was when you first booted it , or the way it was after the last official or custom rom installation . when you perform a wipe data/factory reset from recovery , it is this partition that you are wiping . /cache this is the partition where android stores frequently accessed data and app components . wiping the cache doesn’t effect your personal data but simply gets rid of the existing data there , which gets automatically rebuilt as you continue using the device . /misc this partition contains miscellaneous system settings in form of on/off switches . these settings may include cid ( carrier or region id ) , usb configuration and certain hardware settings etc . this is an important partition and if it is corrupt or missing , several of the device’s features will will not function normally . /sdcard this is not a partition on the internal memory of the device but rather the sd card . in terms of usage , this is your storage space to use as you see fit , to store your media , documents , roms etc . on it . wiping it is perfectly safe as long as you backup all the data you require from it , to your computer first . though several user-installed apps save their data and settings on the sd card and wiping this partition will make you lose all that data . on devices with both an internal and an external sd card – devices like the samsung galaxy s and several tablets – the /sdcard partition is always used to refer to the internal sd card . for the external sd card – if present – an alternative partition is used , which differs from device to device . in case of samsung galaxy s series devices , it is /sdcard/sd while in many other devices , it is /sdcard2 . unlike /sdcard , no system or app data whatsoever is stored automatically on this external sd card and everything present on it has been added there by the user . you can safely wipe it after backing up any data from it that you need to save . /sd-ext this is not a standard android partition , but has become popular in the custom rom scene . it is basically an additional partition on your sd card that acts as the /data partition when used with certain roms that have special features called app2sd+ or data2ext enabled . it is especially useful on devices with little internal memory allotted to the /data partition . thus , users who want to install more programs than the internal memory allows can make this partition and use it with a custom rom that supports this feature , to get additional storage for installing their apps . wiping this partition is essentially the same as wiping the /data partition – you lose your contacts , sms , market apps and settings .
you can , but a kernel mod may be required to also keep the host device charging . however , many devices are already prepared for this , and cables are being manufactured and sold to this specific end , as one can see from this ebay search , there is already several cables in the market . to your particular device , the sonic_boom user at this xda developers forum thread made a dock station to use otg cable and charging at the same time : my docking station will work with any 2012 maybe 2011 sony xperia devices with otg support . i have tested this so far on my xperia s and working perfect . dock station schematics
turn off bluetooth . i had same problem and as i looked through the settings i noticed the blue tooth was on .
first thing to do is to check the device 's settings . it might very well be you just " silenced " your phone one way or the others . there are different places to look for : open the notification area . on many ( recent ) devices , it holds some shortcuts to frequently used stuff as toggling wifi , airplane mode , and also mute ( i.e. . switch between " complete mute " , " vibration only " , and " normal noise" ) . check all your stuff in the settings menu . different manufacturers/devices/roms have different settings in different places which might cause this if you use some " automation tool " like tasker , llama , or the like , check whether it could be one of its profiles if the above still did not solve the issue , make a good backup and then factory-reset your device . if the device still stays mute after that , it is unlikely to be resolved on a software level , but rather a hardware failure . so in that case , you should contact the service ; if the device is still under warranty , they should fix it for free .
anyone else who has this should also try plugging in headphones to see if that makes any difference . when it happened to after on a rainy run , i could not hear anything through the main speaker so i plugged in some headphones and they were ok . happily , once i would unplugged the headphones , the main speakers were ok again . i can not be certain but it is my guess that some moisture from the rain had made its way into the headphone socket and the resulting circuit made the phone think that headphones were connected . when i plugged out the headphone jack , maybe it cleared the moisture . whatever , it is working now : )
this worked for me ! verizon : solution : go to google play website and download the free app soundabout . install and then play some music or do not . check the " wired headseat detection " box off within that app . sound should resume . once you do that , you can check it back on and it will be fine . sound might be lost everytime you plug in a headset . good luck ! really google tech support is incompetent . - they gave me a long list with crap instructions like turning volumes on off .
perhaps you could use a backup program like titanium backup to perform a full backup of apps and data and then transfer that backup file to the second device . after this , restoring said backup on the second device should transfer stuff , imo . no experience in this , so ymmv .
one suggestion is to install a vnc server on the pc you wish to interact with . you will then need to install a vnc client on the device you wish to use as the remote control . there are a few vnc clients listed on google play store apps . with that you can activate other apps such as the camera . while the camera is showing on the screen the view will stream to your remote device . this method would also give the ability to further interact with remote environment as well . my research has found this technique can work the other way around as well . +1 for @chris navas idea for skype as an option
use a chat program like skype and set it to auto answer when a particular account is the caller .
storage/android/data/com.instagram.android/cache/video/ change the file extension from .0 to .mp4
the location of the instagram cache is storage/android/data/com . instagram . android/cache/video however , when i look on my device , it seems that the files are not stored in a traditional video format . you should be able to find the video there , if at all though .
remove your sim and put it into any nokia phone then go to Setting&gt;Phone Setting&gt;Cell info Display&gt;Off . then put the sim back in your htc desire 816 . i used nokia x2-01 for this .
look for the file wpdmtp.inf on the internet ; this is a needed driver . after downloading it to your pc , put the file in the Windows/inf directory , overwriting any existing files . then , open the device manager on your pc . go to portable devices , and re-install the controller . look for the necessary driver in the correct folder . good luck . this works for me .
try use some third party applications instead of pc companion like : wondershare mobilego or myphoneexplorer . both of these are free . i recommend wondershare mobilego . it has a full functional free version and can automatically download and install the drivers .
disconnect from pc . go to settings/xperia/connectivity/usb connection . change from mtp to msc . reconnect , and it should work .
go to Settings &gt; Developer Options , tick off usb debugging , then it'll work ! it worked for me .
just came across a solution thought i should share it on microsoft 's support site . the pertinent section that worked , titled " method 3: disable and re-enable the usb controller " of the above page . ( for the benefit of others who do not wish to see the page , it is quoted here ) use device manager to disable and re-enable all the usb controllers . this lets the controllers recover the usb port from its unresponsive condition . the usb controllers represent the usb ports in device manager . if you are not comfortable with advanced troubleshooting , try the steps in the " workaround " section . to disable and re-enable the usb controllers , follow these steps : click start , and then click run . note if you are running windows vista , click start , and then use the start search box . type devmgmt . msc , and then click ok . device manager opens . expand universal serial bus controllers . note you might have to scroll down the list to find this item . right-click the first usb controller under universal serial bus controllers , and then click uninstall to remove it . repeat step 4 for each usb controller that is listed under universal serial bus controllers . restart the computer . after the computer starts , windows will automatically scan for hardware changes and reinstall all the usb controllers that you uninstalled . check the usb device to see whether it is working . if the usb port recognizes the device and if you can use the device , you are finished . but instead of removing it and restarting , instead , i just disabled it and re-enabled it ( please note this will fail if you use a usb keyboard ) .
i can see this is an old thread , but there have been a few new phones announced recently with ant+ support . this list is updated regularly : http://www.thisisant.com/directory/filter/~/60/~/ and now includes the sony z1 and z ultra ( two new flagship phones ) and the samsung galaxy note 3 .
to add to the list , supposedly samsung is going to release a firmware to enable ant+ on their s4 and others http://www.dcrainmaker.com/2013/10/samsung-mobile-devices.html
as well as the phones with embeded ant support it is now possible to use ant via a usb ant stick . the phone needs to have working usb host mode support but that is true for most modern phones . i posted some details when the anouncement came out a few months back as a developer of some ant related apps .
in order to enable ant+ in android devices there are mainly two options . one is to have a smartphone with ant+ built-in , another is to add an ant usb stick and connect it to the smartphone using a usb otg ( onthego ) cable . however , also the android applications have to be written to support the external ant usb stick . at the moment , only applications that use the official ant alliance apis are able to communicate with the external accessory . this situation will probably change in the near future , but this is the state of the art , concerning ant+ and android . for more info , check this how to : http://www.selfloops.com/resources/tech-guides.html
add nexus 5 , nexus 10 , htc one and lg g2 . root is required though . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.z2software.antplus
ant+ is enabled by sw upgarde only in phones that contains ti 1271/1281 connectivty devices
you can also go to the official ant+ website at www.thisisant.com and then under the ' directory ' tab ( www.thisisant.com/directory ) select in the filter options the following checkbox : categories > mobile phones/devices
for the tour de france google created some custom firmware to run on htc legends so that they could track the riders in real-time . it seems those phones also have the ant+ capabilities . i believe that those chips are fairly common in many phones . the protocol is apparently similar to bluetooth so it is not much additional work for the chip manufacturers , like ti , to put it into their chips . i think the biggest obstacle is the drivers for the ant+ protocol do not come with the phone . that was the custom part of the firmware that google provided . check out this article here for more about the tour de france . have a look at this link as well .
do not store data on the micro sd card . it is easy to take out and insert into another device .
the most common way to hack your phone is thru insecure wifi spots . ( mark zuckerberg was hacked that way . ) i would recommend to install y5 application , which enables wifi only for spots you trust .
the best way to protect your phone is to encrypt the whole data on it . i know nexus devices have option to encrypt devices under security settings . what this will do , is every time you boot up your device it will ask for your password , if you do not know it , you will not be able to recover any data on your phone . you will need to set up some password or lock after you turn of your screen as well , so no one can access your phone if you leave it on table or somewhere else . if you are often using public access points to connect to internet via your android device , you should always use https sites . most common attacks against smartphone users are man in the middle attacks , this will allow attacker to intercept your session with the current server you are gaining informations from ( for example facebook ) and it will be able to login to your account and make changes to your account , post on your behalf etc etc , there is no good defense against this , but you can use droidsheep guard . it will detect if anyone on the network is using this kind of attack , and if so , it will automatically disconnect you from that network , therefor preventing an attack . there are also some viruses being made lately against android devices , which can harm your device in different ways , i have found out that the best thing you can do against this is , use only play store to download your apps , and check what other people say about application , before downloading it , a lso latest android update has additional security , so if you are installing app from other sources , it can check that app for any malicious code in it . i do not recommend installing antivirus software on android device , it will not help much , and it will slow your device . i hope this will be helpful for you and others having concerns about this kind of stuff .
you should also be able to add a lock-pattern that makes it slightly-more-difficult to open the phone
check out a piece of software such as mobile defense which gives you remote tracking and wiping of your phone .
sorry , but this simply is not possible . you have to have administrator access to your phone to control the processor 's speed .
widgets/apps which might help ( also with other phones ) take a look at fast reboot . the app claims to work on non-rooted devices ( does not require root ! ) . trouble is , this does not perform a full reboot , but just " kills all processes " to simulate a fast boot ( i guess this includes the " system server " , so it comes very close to a reboot ) . another " app " you could give a try is simple reboot . it does not mention root anywhere in its description , but claims to be a shortcut to the boot option . not tested , but it might do for you . secret codes / service menus almost all real-boot solutions seem to require root , so it will be hard to find anything suitable . but : it could be that one of the built-in service menus offers an option to ( re ) boot the device . you can invoke them via your dialer program , entering a " magic number " . examples would include : *#*#197328640#*#* ( one of the service menus ) *#*#4636#*#* ( or *#*#INFO#*#* ) system information ( this one should work on all phones , and for sure gives you useful system information . i cannot remember if it had a reboot option as well -- but it cannot hurt to know this code ; ) *#7465625# ( miscellaneous service options related to the sim , afair , and coming from a samsung galaxy list ) heh ! look at this : #*2562# = restarts phone . ( source : galaxy s secret codes ) there you go ! last option should be the easiest one -- no additional tools needed . if it works . not having any samsung device , i cannot test . . .
if you can connect using adb ( usb debugging ) , you can simply use the command " reboot " . if you are rooted and have a terminal emulator installed , " su reboot " will do the same thing . the reboot command will also accept arguments of " recovery " or " bootloader " , which will reboot you into the recovery or bootloader respectively .
robert excuse me in french , le problem avec le serveur df-dferh-01 , vient du fait que votre appareil est très récent et que les serveurs de votre opérateur internet ne sont pas mis à niveau , si vous avec un téléphone avec une version ancienne pas de probleme avec google play si vous avez un téléphone ou tablette neuve avec les dernière version androïd = pas de google play . le responsable est votre opérateur internet ! ! ! ! oui veuillez faire suivre l'information merci et patience google translation : robert excuse me in french , the problem with the server-dferh df-01 comes from the fact that your device is very recent and that your operator internet servers are not upgraded , if you have a phone with an older version no problem with google play if you have a new phone or tablet with the latest version google android = no play . the operator responsible for your internet ! ! yes please forward the information thank you and patience
it was indeed wifi channels ( as per phunehehe is comment ) - setting the router to use band 11 suddenly brought the access point back into being detectable . excellent .
another app that i ended up using instead of permissions is rl permissions . i prefer the interface . as far as which one works better , i do not know .
use market applications like permission watchdog or permissions . also , there are several others .
aspotcat is also a nice app for permission audit .
there is an app that fixes the subtitles , here . sadly , this is not built into android in any way , and i could not find any video player that has this feature built into it .
as i said in several comments , the calendar app is the way to interact with your calendar offline . if you are interacting with the calendar via the browser , you need to be connected . the android browser does not support any sort of " plug-in " .
if you sync the google account used with the calendar to the phone , the calendars can be synced too and viewed/edited offline with your phones ' calendar app .
can i search for android apps that are in hebrew or kurdish ? no . afaict , there is nothing that marks the language used in the app . are all apps automatically translated into all languages ? no . the complexity of reliable machine translation so is currently beyond our current technology ; natural language processing and machine translation is still a hot research topic .
